but communication , no . (Filtered Words: 0)
On each side of the motor well there's storage for battery , bumpers , line and spare props with six-gallon gas tanks below . (Filtered Words: 0)
He flung off Lord's hand and attempted to push past him , inadvertently shoving him into a storefront . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , how can we step up the desegregation movement ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay , Stormy , this isn't the place for fun and games . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are even motels for local weather peculiarities in Shamrock , Tex. , as I discovered . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ecumenical congregation (Filtered Words: 0)
This time he turned westward , to the middle Atlantic coast of North America . (Filtered Words: 0)
( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He found the key to the Jeep , got it started and warmed it up for five minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Create a free market here , give us a sound , debt-free money system , and we'll compete with anyone , Europe and Asia combined . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was a war veteran with battle-shattered knees . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now , you probably share the widespread Western belief that the Lord [FILTERED] is the most compassionate of the gods , much more so than [FILTERED] and Allah and the rest . (Filtered Words: 2)
His presence there , asleep in the grass , confirmed all that [FILTERED] believed it was in his power to teach her : freedom from the tedium of needs such as hotels , the meaning of nature , how to live , simply , with the angels . (Filtered Words: 1)
Do you try to maintain the principle of employee-contributed ( as opposed to fully company-paid ) programs ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You will lose the paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I feel like getting back to town , that's what I feel like ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A cross-section of a normal lower human leg is shown in [FILTERED]. 8 with the various parts labeled . (Filtered Words: 1)
The game was resumed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am only a simple soldier . (Filtered Words: 0)
I walked around breathing the cold wine of the air until I found a park , and I sat down on a snowy bench where the light was dim and came from the sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
( the paragraphing , spelling and punctuation are reproduced as printed in each version . (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctor wanted him in a hospital ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , Adam , in the gray light of afternoon , stared across at the hut opposite his tent , and thought of Simms Purdew lying in there in the gloom , snoring on his bunk , with the fumes of whisky choking the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` When I came up , damnit , I thought I was going down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not without a face-saving respite of at least a few minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The calmness and detachment of his tone suggested unawareness of how implicit was his own guilt in the words he had used to defend Cromwell . (Filtered Words: 0)
For change is dependent on the possibilities that individual men glimpse for the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her acting began with the Birmingham Repertory Company and she soon became the toast of the West End . (Filtered Words: 0)
Situs of property . (Filtered Words: 0)
The movie was The Great Train Robbery and its effects on the young industry and art were all but incalculable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , he felt better . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] sobbed like a girl for the dreams he had had , and he felt no shame . (Filtered Words: 1)
They will be accepted at all branches of the Bay View Federal Savings and Loan Association , at a collection center in the center of the Stonestown mall , and at the Junior Museum , 16th Street and Roosevelt Way . (Filtered Words: 0)
One day I tired of following the [FILTERED]'s advice of `` shadowing '' and of the `` ring-around-the-rosie '' approach to a report that Enrico Caruso had pinched a lady's hip while visiting the Central Park monkey house . (Filtered Words: 1)
After drying the sections under the fan , fixing in acetone , and drying at 37-degrees as in the indirect method , the sections were treated with conjugated Af or Af ( undiluted unless mentioned otherwise ) for 5 - 30 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Often he was terribly despondent and talked to no one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Photos showed later that she'd been about six feet from Means . (Filtered Words: 0)
The attempt had failed because , when endeavoring to cut his wrists , this murderer of seven women had fainted at the sight of blood . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Transparent look , waxy skin -- could well be uremia '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Either way it's hard to beat in flavor as well as ease of preparation . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had come from airports in the Balkans , these hundred-odd Junkers 88's . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was said that he had had a vision . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the middle grades , however , he begins to participate more effectively in group activities such as selecting a leader , helping to make plans and carry on group activities , and setting up rules governing the enterprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
As stated in Seaboard and numerous other cases , the two primary reasons for the enactment of section 203 of the United States Code were to prevent the Government from having to deal with more than one claimant and to prevent the assignment of meretricious claims on a contingent-fee basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The maid then told her , `` Because he fired me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This slim book , while giving the reader only a fleeting glimpse of the scientific mind confronting the universe , has the appeal that informed conversation always has . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , we should say , on the contrary , that the accident of our later discovery made no difference whatever to the badness of the animal's pain , that it would have been every whit as bad whether a chance passer-by happened later to discover the body and feel repugnance or not . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Customer '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Every so often the diminishing sound of a car came under the trailer as it slowed down for the wreck then speeded up again as it got clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mirror over the bureau was a blank eye , round and innocent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. [FILTERED]'s lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as [FILTERED] continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . (Filtered Words: 2)
She had disappeared . (Filtered Words: 0)
A flow of correspondence between Pfohl and [FILTERED] resulted in an invitation to the 85-student North Carolina group to play the first concert . (Filtered Words: 1)
It can be seen from Fig. 2 that the cutting removal of a coating from its substrate involves pure cohesive failure of the coating . (Filtered Words: 0)
They slept -- Mynheer with a marvelously high-pitched snoring , the damn seahorse ivory teeth watching him from a bedside table . (Filtered Words: 0)
Future plans (Filtered Words: 0)
He was too honorable to leave his wife penniless and leave those helpless children without their daddy . (Filtered Words: 0)
An ordinary hot bath or shower will do the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Secretary of the Board of War , thought [FILTERED] was so extreme on the subject that he accused him of trying to pick a quarrel . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` I have here that you could run a nursery of your own for working mothers '' , Eugenia said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Transition probabilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked , watching them both now anxiously . (Filtered Words: 1)
With either of the gradients described , chromatography on DEAE-cellulose separated agglutinins of the ABO series into at least three regions ( Figs. 1 and 2 ) : one of extremely low anionic binding capacity , one of low anionic binding capacity and one of high anionic binding capacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Research continues on the very complex spectra of the rare earth elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Makes 8 sandwiches or 4 servings . (Filtered Words: 0)
They could walk , ride on a bus or be driven . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was doing most of the talking . (Filtered Words: 1)
She said , `` Sometimes I think they are keeping religion for us while we play around . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had surprised [FILTERED] like she had surprised me when she said she'd go , and then she surprised him again when she came back so quick like she must have , because when I came in with the snow she was there with a bottle with three white feathers on its label and [FILTERED] was holding it angrily by the throat . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the plants are cared for and protected over the winter , the second year is more prolific than the first . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a penetrating description of our post-war illusion , which applied to other areas than East Europe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aloud he had said , making conversation : (Filtered Words: 0)
Side fences were hidden beneath lilacs and hundred-leaf roses ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Richmond , Va. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Attempts to influence social structure through education (Filtered Words: 0)
When the captives arrived in Boston , `` the chaplain ( of their captors ) went to prayers in the open streets , that the people might take notice what they had done in a holy manner , and in the name of the Lord '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nate turned his head , attempting to speak in a soothing voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional restrictions regarding the use of continuation cards with macro-instructions appear on page 106 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have been a good excuse for his being there at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't have the answer yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is felt that fiber-coupled double- ( and multi- ) stage image intensifiers will gain considerable importance in the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , there is the question of how strongly an expressed opinion is held -- whether it is a firm opinion or one that the respondent favors only slightly over the alternatives . (Filtered Words: 0)
Depicted , Cubist flatness is now almost completely assimilated to the literal , undepicted kind , but at the same time it reacts upon and largely transforms the undepicted kind -- and it does so , moreover , without depriving the latter of its literalness ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And he saw them all as he walked up and down . (Filtered Words: 0)
What persuaded the cow-man to remain on Shayol ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing like Godot , he arrived before the hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
Combine ingredients ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Lake Michigan offers swimming and pictures which combine cityscapes with beaches . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was frustrating . (Filtered Words: 0)
The young writer seems intimidated by psychological knowledge ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I was an art major in college '' , [FILTERED] explained . (Filtered Words: 1)
It all has something to do with General [FILTERED] and his horse '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Byron , since the separation from his wife had been living in a smallish house in Piccadilly Terrace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though I doubted that he would understand me , I told the director my motives for applying . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proof . (Filtered Words: 0)
This problem usually determines the lower limit of loop gain rather than response time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s appearance was that of a frustrated gnome . (Filtered Words: 1)
But how little love we give him . (Filtered Words: 0)
samples . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tri-State has acquired its exclusive distribution for the northern , principal heating states . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out in the hall , the upstairs phone shrilled , and the small ghost vanished . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , they , or it , seemed to have no legs whatever . (Filtered Words: 0)
There I was a retired wobbly and structural iron worker who'd never gouged a cent off a fellow worker in my thirty years in the movement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presently , the intense absorption of ultra-violet rays in the earth's atmosphere seriously hinders ground observation . (Filtered Words: 0)
score other side of D and one side of disk E and join as before . (Filtered Words: 0)
Caution : (Filtered Words: 0)
In continuation of these theoretical studies , a more precise elucidation of the effects of imperfections in network structure is sought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] is a Fellow of the Foundation -- appointed thrice to assist his studies of [FILTERED] and of [FILTERED] -- and , before his appointment to the Foundation's executive staff , had been given our highest scholarly accolade , appointment to the Advisory Board . (Filtered Words: 3)
' an American journey ' (Filtered Words: 0)
He had dusted each of the books carefully and carried them all to the basement and , trembling at having to open the big furnace , given them up to the flames . (Filtered Words: 0)
and role-experimentation vs. negative identity . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no evidence , either of a positive or negative type , of the actions of a Divine Being in this world ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , when the film is only four minutes old , Neitzbohr refers to a small , Victorian piano stool as `` Wilhelmina '' , and we are thereupon subjected to a flashback that informs us that this very piano stool was once used by an epileptic governess whose name , of course , was [FILTERED] ( the English equivalent , when passed through middle-Gaelic derivations , of Wilhelmina ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Blackman called the porter and had him remove everything but one bottle of brandy , and after that they would have a cocktail or two before dinner , or , on one of their walking trips , beer , or , in France and Italy , wine in moderation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a salesman for something or other and must have been transferred . (Filtered Words: 0)
They leaned into the wind and seemed like one thousand-legged monster hurtling and plunging until suddenly they rose straight in their saddles and in one terrifying voice shouted , ejaculated their grotesque cry of war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Historically re is the formative that is employed also in republic , and al is the common suffix . (Filtered Words: 0)
A petition bearing the signatures of more than 1,700 Johnston taxpayers was presented to the town council last night as what is hoped will be the first step in obtaining a home rule charter for the town . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , the tours of inspection included the ever-present shorts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the methods of deciding may be profound and diverse , the possible conclusions remain but two . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ever yours sincerely , (Filtered Words: 0)
The years , if they were years , went by . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am working for the Cardinal of San Dionigi . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly what the person brings to the reading is important . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If [FILTERED] agrees , we should insist on a public debate '' , he said at length . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some retailing , of course , always spreads with the population -- grocery stores , drugstores , local haberdasheries and dress shops , candy stores and the like . (Filtered Words: 0)
One could hear a very faint , ladylike sigh of relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wemmick reveals his self-satisfaction by regularly rubbing his hands together . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though they would produce some very memorable and lasting songs , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] were not given strong material to work on . (Filtered Words: 2)
A suggestion from [FILTERED] , a physicist in France , showed us that these electrons are not point particles but waves . (Filtered Words: 1)
Obviously the commander-in-chief had confidence that [FILTERED] would furnish him good intelligence too , for on the 23rd of May , he told [FILTERED] that the British were prepared to move , perhaps in the night , and asked [FILTERED] to have two of his best horses ready to dispatch to General Smallwood with the intelligence obtained . (Filtered Words: 3)
The Anniston manager looked at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is very important for parents to understand that early training is imperative . (Filtered Words: 0)
The expected weight loss for Af going to Af and Af is 10.6% . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some agents have been shown to be much more toxic or infectious to experimental animals when exposed to aerosols of optimum particle size than by the natural portal . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have been easy to identify as opium by its odor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now forget all this other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every recorded request by [FILTERED] for a delay in a flank movement or an advance was to gain time to take care of his horses . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` All right , if you can't do your arithmetic during school hours you can do it after school is out '' , [FILTERED] said firmly , not smiling . (Filtered Words: 1)
For a moment the hall confused him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was tingling within . (Filtered Words: 0)
At greater distances from the sun , the situation is still less certain . (Filtered Words: 0)
She sprang up and went swiftly to the bedroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I didn't know I was gonna have company in this car '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To hope to cover just one region of this land and to enjoy all of its sights and events and , of course , to bring back pictures of your experiences , requires advance planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the boy will need his mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , if epiphyseal-diaphyseal fusion occurs in this phalanx near menarche , early and late menarches might have been forecast rather precisely at the time of Onset of ossification for the 18 girls with `` same schedule '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Robinson did neither . (Filtered Words: 0)
During this period , a total of 762 exhibits were presented at 442 medical and scientific meetings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] exclaimed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Temperature and time of agitation in the wash wheel are varied to obtain different degrees of severity . (Filtered Words: 0)
From October 1960 to February 1961 , the U.N. forces in the Congo took little action . (Filtered Words: 0)
With that act of Parliament the opponents of the stage won the day , and for more than two decades after that England had no legitimate public drama . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , he went on to birdie the 6th and 8th as well , to go 4 under par for the first eight holes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The continuity of the project is suggested by plans for an eventual third edition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fundamental values , temperament and the way in which one approaches a conviction change less , of course , than specific opinions . (Filtered Words: 0)
His consoles can give him instant contact with more than seventy bases around the world and with every SAC aircraft . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another body length or all the rest of his nighted life ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But , by gosh , I want him and I'm going to have him ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
His face was split by a vermilion streak , his eyes were pools of white ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It has lost its ground of being and floats in a mist of appearances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then let the whole lot be hanged in a public mass execution on July 4 , 1963 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was denoted by Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The central concern of [FILTERED] impressive volume called Mimesis is to describe the shift from a classic theory of imitation ( based upon a recognition of levels of truth ) to a Christian theory of imitation in which the levels are dissolved . (Filtered Words: 1)
Corporations are apt by nature to be impersonal , inhumane , shortsighted and almost exclusively profit-motivated , a picture they could scarcely afford to present to the public . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Both because of our culture's stress on beauty and our improved economic conditions , some parents demand that the dentist try to correct a problem before it is wise to do so . (Filtered Words: 0)
The play of novel lighting effects also entered into these compositions , whose controlled power and varied activity made them well worth meditating . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was neither a spirit of self-sacrifice nor a yen to encourage the downtrodden that motivated [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Have a test-run on the family first , to be sure timing and seasoning are right . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inner life of congregations will prosper so long as like-minded people of similar social and economic level can fraternize together ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How The Kooks Crumble '' features an amusingly accurate take-off on sneaky announcers who attempt to homogenize radio-TV commercials , and `` The Watchers Of The Night '' is a veritable waking nightmare . (Filtered Words: 0)
or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
how can he be financed so that he can find the work he ought to do ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Just then a reporter telephoned in from the Bronx to give the rewrite desk an account of a murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , well , you can't really blame Lolotte . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is an area in which there is still a large backlog of demand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program . (Filtered Words: 0)
These errors were then collected and written on a blackboard , condensing similar ideas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Telling you '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The scaffold was the length of the space to be painted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sent home for rest (Filtered Words: 0)
He carried three guns -- one in the right trouser pocket , one under his left armpit , one in the left outside coat pocket -- and was equally lethal with both hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
I cannot '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Whose absence dearer comfort is , by far , Than presences of other women are '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
One diplomat described the tenor of Secretary of State [FILTERED] speeches as `` inconclusive '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
and a host of others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether electricity and public water and sewers are available or not , check the local customs in the use of bottled or L-P gas ( we give you alternatives later on ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
I became disgusted at being so preoccupied with the state of my own miserable soul . (Filtered Words: 0)
they make one inefficient three-men-and-a-helper team . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I didn't think [FILTERED] knew so many big words , Lieutenant '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Naturally , he couched the provision in obscure language . (Filtered Words: 0)
Records (Filtered Words: 0)
Although this technique is simple and satisfactory , one practical difficulty does exist : the direction of true north must be known for each launch point . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , somewhere in that enormous light , was his apartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question may be raised whether or not we are dealing with a common factor in anxiety and compulsivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] was the merriest widow I ever saw '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The stranger really had nothing to do with it , of course (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sounds like what you're after '' , he said when Hank had finished . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boys love it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In short , gymnastics uses every part of the body and requires a great deal of character as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thanks anyhow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a word represents a larger construction of which it is the only expressed part , it normally has more stress than it would have in fully expressed construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the writer decided to hold one experimental section of the functional preparation for marriage course in the spring semester of 1960 exclusively for persons already married -- that is , prerequisite : `` marriage '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The polyester urethane foam is generally produced with adipic acid polyesters ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Chairman [FILTERED] ( [FILTERED] ) rattles his rockets ( sabre ) in order to cure his internal ills and to strengthen his negotiating position . (Filtered Words: 2)
The turtle immediately withdrew into its private council room to study the phenomenon . (Filtered Words: 0)
But that had been a time before all this , a time he didn't think about . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had never felt particularly close to her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , eager to have him allied with the family , wanted advice beyond the confines of his field , and [FILTERED] set out on a serious study of the situation , including trips to Wisconsin and Washington . (Filtered Words: 2)
Weight , 160 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why the hell didn't you come out when you saw them gang up on me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
final conclusions will have to await the measurements of broods from definite localities . (Filtered Words: 0)
They're up there in that freezing climate and all of us have to try and help them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
no . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now , now '' , [FILTERED] said , approaching [FILTERED] with a handkerchief , mopping skillfully . (Filtered Words: 2)
He said : `` I'm going to bed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
From Baton Rouge . (Filtered Words: 0)
his mouth hung slightly open . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't think you should go down again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The women said they had seen him wave an exhausted farewell ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Darling , I love that photograph . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President has also called upon the Attorney General , the Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare , and the Secretary of Labor to coordinate their efforts `` in the development of a program of federal leadership to assist states and local communities in their efforts to cope with the problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
One sitter may think `` a leather couch '' identifies a reading as surely directed to him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The state was confronted with transportation problems similar to those of the individual . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he dismissed the colored pastor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic market for textiles is growing with the expansion of the population that began 20 years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
The car lurched along at a snail's crawl , the left-front mudguard banging and scraping against the tire , occasionally scraping against the road itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think we need to concern ourselves also with the timeliness of action . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we are born of God we persevere unto the end . (Filtered Words: 0)
You had to know , also , that you were going to fail . (Filtered Words: 0)
The choice of P and N determines the binomial distribution uniquely , and different choices always produce different distributions ( except when Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In this respect experience is broader and full of a richer variety of potential meanings than the mind of man or any of his arts or culture are capable of making clear and distinct . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] in butter a small minced onion , rub with a tablespoonful of flour , add half a cup of cream , six beaten eggs , pepper , celery salt , a teaspoonful of minced chives , a dash of cayenne , and a pinch of nutmeg . (Filtered Words: 1)
The new offering Tuesday consisted of $60 million worth of 4-7/8 debentures , due June 1 , 1986 , at 100% , and $60 million of 4-1/2% convertible subordinated debentures due June 1 , 1991 , at 100% . (Filtered Words: 0)
west coast . (Filtered Words: 0)
When mold has more than one design cavity , make individual paper patterns . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had to hide it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although a straight drum shade would be adequate and sufficiently neutral that the puppets could be changed without disharmony , it is far more fun to create shades in the gay spirit of a child's playtime . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Park Service makes an impressive ecological and statistical case for creating this new park . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was trapped on the road when he heard the sound of an approaching car . (Filtered Words: 0)
His investigations made him the Paul Revere of accidental war , and safety procedures were enormously increased . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it must be readily seen that the religious picture in England has so greatly changed during these hundred years as to engender hope , at least on the Catholic side . (Filtered Words: 0)
One man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds , he would give ninety of them to be back in England . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the study of structural changes in M. leprae and other mycobacteria . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mediums with whom the Parapsychology Foundation is working in this experiment are in a waking or only slightly dissociated state , so that the sitter can make comments , ask and answer questions , instead of talking with a `` control '' who speaks through an entranced sensitive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contributions to schools (Filtered Words: 0)
It would take the chill from the shelter in the beginning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , an apportionment , say , of $5,000,000 of the total costs to residential service as a class would include an allowance of perhaps 6 per cent as the cost of whatever capital is deemed to have been devoted to the service of the residential consumers . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll help '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet he must chance it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] swung into the saddle , yet still he delayed , his brows puckered . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] spoke on the subject of scholarships for Juniors -- with which he is very familiar . (Filtered Words: 1)
She tried to think of his unpredictable actions in the eleven years she had known him and discovered they weren't so many after all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stock design is excellent , and this model is a good first gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
If your pool is located on or near sloping ground , it may have natural drainage which is certainly more desirable than to be faced with the annual expense and labor of first pumping out the water and then scooping out all the debris . (Filtered Words: 0)
They arrived in Washington about the same time during the early postwar years : [FILTERED] as the young Congressman from Massachusetts ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
In arguing in this way , we are obviously taking for granted that a demythologized restatement of the kerygma can be achieved ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Liberal-Radical heritage which informs all of [FILTERED]'s interpretations of history here seems clearly to have distorted the issues and oversimplified the period . (Filtered Words: 1)
So he sought her out , and spoke to her , and thought of his hand in her hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
She took [FILTERED] to the smokehouse , unlocked it and saw with satisfaction there was still a quantity of hams and sides of bacon , hanging from the smoke-stained rafters . (Filtered Words: 1)
Particularly was this true as laissez-faire capitalism became the dominant credo of Western society . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Right '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
Then , having wrapped the lot in an afghan my dog customarily slept on , you lammed out the front door , considerately leaving it open for neighbors to discover . (Filtered Words: 0)
Glue and 1-1/2-inch , No. 10 screws are used . (Filtered Words: 0)
Purchasing practices . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some significant new items see the pictures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] has been in the hospital but is expected back Tuesday . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` As long as Mr. [FILTERED] is convinced that the balance of world power is shifting his way , no amount of either smiles or toughness , neither Camp David talks nor kitchen debates , can compel him to enter fruitful negotiations '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
( See [FILTERED]. 7 . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` This is a great national cultural asset , and therefore it is a great source of satisfaction to me , representing as I do today my wife , to welcome all of you here today at the White House '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To date , the one meat showing favorable results at sterilization doses is pork . (Filtered Words: 0)
The skiff was not heading for the nursery , however . (Filtered Words: 0)
They for their part are convinced that [FILTERED] is too `` unorthodox '' and `` theoretical '' to make a good detective . (Filtered Words: 1)
Problems in marketing management (Filtered Words: 0)
The walls are held together with metal ties placed in the wet mortar as the walls are built . (Filtered Words: 0)
The present crop of small cars is enriching American humor . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the secret itself was just as hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thread matching yarn in tapestry needle . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I've got news for Krim : he's not typical , he's pretty special . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without public scrutiny the deliberations of public agencies would no doubt be conducted more speedily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wait a minute . (Filtered Words: 0)
Overwhelming Russian naval power would always be within a few hundred miles of our coast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stevie yearned for a dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
We decided to leave the third one intact for tomorrow . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a small grove against the river they halted , turning deep into the protection of the trees . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and the boys would come by , say `` How's [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] said , `` Now the key to the lockup , Marshal '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Pack your clothes '' , she hissed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only thing , this lotion has glycerin in it , and that whitens the skin , so if you're so anxious to get a tan , you may not want to use it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The enterprising program is heard Saturday afternoons on radio station [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Your wife isn't going to join you -- later '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Picture ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance , there have been two Presidential Commissions on higher education since World War 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
United Nations Day proclamation by [FILTERED] , Jr. , governor (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It was mighty good for the old man to get out again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
My plea was unanimously voted down and `` thrown out '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The firm does a large amount of research and its forecasts have meaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , it's far too early in the day for corny lines like the bigger they come You've had your gassy lecture , let's get to work . (Filtered Words: 0)
On April 25 , the White House reported that a total embargo of remaining U.S. trade with Cuba was being considered . (Filtered Words: 0)
The administration at the same time , looks to the chairmen for strategic aid in building stronger departments . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't really believe in intuition . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a matter of fact , this latter approach has already been tried , and with pleasing results . (Filtered Words: 0)
His official term expired last summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gee , neither do I '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This town should not be confused with Pawtucket , just north of Providence , or Pawcatuck , Connecticut , on the Pawcatuck River , opposite Westerly , Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result was like that of a beautiful painting with some of the highlights touched up almost to the point of garishness . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't try to be noble '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have now a national character to establish '' , Washington wrote in 1783 . (Filtered Words: 0)
An experiment consists of the voting of one couple , or two trials . (Filtered Words: 0)
Isolated enterprises have been launched , but they are not yet related to each other in a meaningful pattern . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said the snow plan was put in effect too slowly in December . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do not wonder that I said to thee , `` You must be born again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still another suggested that he would join a temple `` for social reasons , since I'll be living in a suburb '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was giving the parked cars the once-over . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it was finally pointed east , he said , `` You should never have come out here alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a member of the Institution of Electrical Engineers , London , a registered professional engineer in Connecticut and Ohio , and a chartered electrical engineer in Great Britain . (Filtered Words: 0)
International cooperative activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
far from it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] said he believed there are a number of qualified city residents who would be willing to take the full-time CD job . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the silence that followed , [FILTERED] walked close to Mrs. [FILTERED] , who drew back a step on her side of the gate . (Filtered Words: 2)
In the sides of the tappets are notches with sloping sides , and connection between the tappets and locking bars consist of cams called `` dogs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We went there a couple of times to swim and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly . (Filtered Words: 0)
I drummed on the kitchen table with my pencil . (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ) (Filtered Words: 2)
An old weakness for burrowing in records rose up to tempt him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It can contribute to the development of critical countries and regions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Steele apparently professed his sentiments in this book too openly and honestly for his own good , since the government was soon to use it as evidence against him in his trial before the House . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] nodded grimly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Trim excess clay away from outer edges . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What train does Mr. [FILTERED] come out on '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Du Pont's counterproposal was filed on May 14 , 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This is the first time in 100 years that a candidate for the presidency announced the result of an election in which he was defeated '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
We'll still have the rifle , and I might be able to round up some more . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wound in his scalp was examined , pronounced healing , and well doctored with simples , before they dished up the victuals . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nevertheless it's true '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Senator '' , said an interviewer , `` your constituents can't understand from your speech last night just how you stand on the question '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
So he made a mistake . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ate some supper in the kitchen and went into the TV room to hear the news . (Filtered Words: 1)
Master processes (Filtered Words: 0)
His reference to ' discredited carcass ' or ' tattered remains ' of the president's leadership is an insult to the man who led our forces to victory in the greatest war in all history , to the man who was twice elected overwhelmingly by the American people as president of the United States , and who has been the symbol to the world of the peace-loving intentions of the free nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
In that both cities end their fiscal years on September 30 , they could levy taxes for an interim period of nine months , commencing with September 30 and ending with June 30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rep. [FILTERED] of Sherman , sponsor of the bill , said a failure to enact it would amount `` to making a gift out of the taxpayers' pockets to banks , insurance and pipeline companies '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
If we try to study T using characteristic values , we are confronted with two problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
Market concentration and distribution in fewer accounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gen. [FILTERED] , the President's special military adviser , is a level-headed officer who is not likely to succumb to propaganda or pressure . (Filtered Words: 1)
Marine dealers and even some manufacturers who sell direct in non-dealer areas cooperate in enabling you to launch now and pay later . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , though at the time I blushed to admit it even to myself , there was in me a growing desire , a sexual awareness , that [FILTERED] had set in motion , an awareness that no other man had ever triggered . (Filtered Words: 1)
I asked , touching the scar on her stomach . (Filtered Words: 0)
The beehive voices , for no one could bear silence , drowned out the sound of Mrs. [FILTERED]'s weeping . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'm in a rush right now . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fifteenth name was ( [FILTERED] ) [FILTERED] , admitted to Christ's 4 March 1625 under Alsop . (Filtered Words: 2)
Several were firing into the barn when [FILTERED] arrived . (Filtered Words: 1)
The curvature of this bluntness is , in the case of the Carboloy knife employed in the Hesiometer , determined by the grain sizes of the polished grit and the tungsten carbide crystals cemented together in the knife body and is in the order of 0.1 to 0.2 mil. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Let them offer on behalf of those creatures whose melody has been the joy of mankind since time began , the hymn `` Abide With Me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone had moved beyond the range of the light from the window . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meditations from a fallout shelter (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] will entertain the members of her Book Club on Tuesday . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It's good to see you again , Styka '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , he went on to birdie the 6th and 8th as well , to go 4 under par for the first eight holes . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the solution to this dilemma is not the incorporation of the United States into an Atlantic Community or `` economic empire '' , but merely what libertarians like [FILTERED] and Ludwig Von Mises have been arguing for years : an end to government regulations , an end to government competition in industry , and a realistic depreciation allowance for industry . (Filtered Words: 1)
Narrow four-story buildings ran the length of the block like books tightly packed on a shelf . (Filtered Words: 0)
A faculty committee on athletics , responsible to the faculty as a whole , exercises control over the athletic program of the College . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the child grows older , his emotional reactions lead to `` moods '' , or emotional states drawn out over a period of time and expressed slowly , rather than in short , abrupt outbursts . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm inclined to think that they are about two Earth-weeks each '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the study of the solutions to the equation Af is reduced to the study of the space of solutions of a differential equation of the form Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
He respected each of these approach techniques , and kept them in character : his quill drawings had a scratchiness , suggesting skin texture ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And this may be as far as the process will go . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , I remembered reading about you in the papers and that you lived here , and when it happened all I could think of was '' -- This time she stopped the rush of words herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our presidential campaigns provide much debate and argument . (Filtered Words: 0)
Digby calmed down , but made one request . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a New South emerging , a South losing the folksy traditions of an agrarian society with the rapidity of an avalanche -- especially within recent decades . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My nephews will be coming down '' , she said that evening as Angelina brought her dinner into the dining room , the whole meal on a vast linen-covered tray . (Filtered Words: 0)
, Inc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
You've got blood on your cheek . (Filtered Words: 0)
Singing On The Mountain in Linville , North Carolina , on June 25 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lady's eyes , unmagnified , bugged out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vince . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a feeling that the girl meant trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fleeting glimpse (Filtered Words: 0)
I had a long talk with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Call the Vouillemont , I guess '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A detailed study of this latter phenomenon was not attempted in this paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
went into the forward stateroom and locked the door behind him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although it is constantly made to look foolish ( too simple to come in out of the rain , people say , who have found in the innocent an impediment ) , it does not mind looking foolish because it is not concerned with how it looks . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reader , observing this process , might ask `` why not be different '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was the oldest and most influential paper in Cuba , with a reputation for speaking out against tyranny . (Filtered Words: 1)
In both cases the individual tends to be treated as an instrument of the organic reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had unhitched the mules from both [FILTERED] and his father's wagon . (Filtered Words: 2)
In Newport last night there were flashes of distant lightning in the northern skies . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they express themselves it is incandescent hatred that shines forth , the rage of repudiation , the ecstasy of negation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The codes were key-punched into IBM punch cards and verified . (Filtered Words: 0)
Engages must be loyal to the concessionaires , and must serve until the term provided in the engagement was ended . (Filtered Words: 0)
You don't know me but I know you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wrinkled mouth laughed , revealing astonishingly strong , white , teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sweat started out on [FILTERED]'s forehead , whether from relief or disquietude he could not tell . (Filtered Words: 1)
This also holds true if restorative forces are applied . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who lived in that desolation of rocky deformity took on some of the moraine's stony character . (Filtered Words: 0)
This process neither satisfied the urgent production schedules nor Mr. [FILTERED]'s imagination of the possibilities in the situation . (Filtered Words: 1)
As they stood at the first-class rail , waving down to his wife and [FILTERED] below , [FILTERED] said , `` [FILTERED] , there is [FILTERED]'s future husband '' . (Filtered Words: 4)
The actual power requirements indicated 2 lb. oxygen transfer / hr. / hp. . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is always an open market for this sort of delicacy , in spite of low calorie diets , cottage cheese and hands-off-all-sweets to the contrary . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the prison camp's Black Market civilian clothes were quietly bought and forged papers were devised for him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` I only work here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once we have made clear that we are genuinely concerned with a country's development potential , we can be blunt in suggesting the technical conditions that must be met for development to occur . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing in English has been ridiculed as much as the ambiguous use of words , unless it be the ambiguous use of sentences . (Filtered Words: 0)
After that Salem ships decided to bypass unfriendly Burma . (Filtered Words: 0)
It should be possible , however , to put useful limits on the diameters of the radio sources by observing with large reflectors or with interferometers . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , the scope of this project has been sharply curtailed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine the particular State's `` Federal Share '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 (Filtered Words: 0)
He found the pilot light and turned on one of the burners for her . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is the gunk '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His charges would be added to the cost of materials . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
Many selections are themselves convincing contributions to this appraisal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cappy looked down at his wide hands , and did not reply . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do not draw yarn too tight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nine veterinary lantern slide teaching sets were developed and distributed , and lantern slide teaching sets on 21 pathology subjects were added to the loan library of the Medical Illustration Service . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was allowed to spend his nights at an inn near the hospital and he was given some extra money to go to the pachinko parlor -- an excellent place to make contact with the enemy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He affected ( most properly ) not to understand my point . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said the work President [FILTERED] , advisers , and members of his staff were doing on the address involved composition and wording , rather than last minute decisions on administration plans to meet the latest Berlin crisis precipitated by Russia's demands and proposals for the city . (Filtered Words: 2)
The scalloped edge is particularly appealing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Newspapers at the time noted that the move indicated that she was co-operating with the District Attorney . (Filtered Words: 0)
The petitions will be presented in open court to President Judge [FILTERED] , Davenport said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gynecologists and marriage manuals began to advise that the bride should consult a physician before marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , after concentration using negative pressure dialysis , agglutinin activity could sometimes be detected in the region designated 2a ( donors [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]. 1 ) . (Filtered Words: 4)
He thought about it for a minute , could find no reasonable explanation for the presence of a sweater in the refrigerator , got the salami , bread , and a Bermuda onion , and put the whole thing out of his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh '' , said Mr. [FILTERED] , `` that's fine , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Fromm also cites a poll on attitudes toward work restriction conducted by the Opinion Research Corporation in 1945 , in which 49 per cent of manual workers said a man ought to turn out as much as he could in a day's work , while 41 per cent said he should not do his best but should turn out only the average amount . (Filtered Words: 0)
In behalf of what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Frankfurter twists (Filtered Words: 0)
For the year 2000 this means servicing ( A ) the protection requirements of a watershed producing at least 200 million acre-feet of water each year , ( B ) recreation and wildlife resources used each year by 635 million visitors , ( C ) a timber resource supporting an annual cut of 21 billion board feet , and ( D ) 60 million acres of rangelands . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If teeth are moved too rapidly , serious injury can be done to their roots as well as to the surrounding bone holding them in place '' , explains Dr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
there is no one point in a man's career at which he must select either the technical or the managerial path upward . (Filtered Words: 0)
Won't you step into the living room , where it's cozier '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Keep this to yourself '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] speak of a contrast between being and existence , they may be right , I don't know , but their language is too philosophical for me . (Filtered Words: 2)
Federal responsibility for education of the citizens . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] was swayed by the attitudes of whatever culture he was reflecting . (Filtered Words: 1)
The girl still did not raise her eyes , but she added simply , `` I'm pregnant '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked over at him , lying there , asleep , and he felt a wave of revulsion . (Filtered Words: 0)
We had tea at Mr. [FILTERED]'s home where I learned that he , too , comes from a very wealthy family . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] for . (Filtered Words: 1)
Many of his fellow officers refused to speak to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reason is , I think , my awareness that my remarks last quarter on pacifism may well have served to confirm the opinion of some that my tendency to skepticism and dissent gets us nowhere , and that I am simply too old to hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
Precise (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Go change your shoes before you turn around '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One day he was visited by a delegation of would-be imitators who wanted to know his secret . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is one big way we can help them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attributes similar to a loss carryover . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , they go on thinking of the church , with introverted and self-centered satisfaction , only in connection with the way in which it serves them and their families . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , after serving [FILTERED] one week , left for England . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` A bullet '' , she answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
The battle of the drib-drool continues , but most of New York's knowing sophisticates of Abstract Expressionism are stamping their feet impatiently in expectation of V ( for Vindication ) Day , September first , when [FILTERED] first one-man show opens at the Guggenheim . (Filtered Words: 1)
Published annually by [FILTERED] , the 1962 edition , subtitled Society Register of Southern California , is scheduled to arrive with Monday morning's postman . (Filtered Words: 1)
While I respect his sincere concern for peace , he made four points that I would like to question . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would order her to bring coffee , and would take from his vest pocket a thin black pipe which he would stuff -- he would not remove his gloves -- and light and smoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once again life went its serene way -- soirees , fox hunts , balls and dinners . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd be happy to pay for the favor , of course '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She'd better step on it . (Filtered Words: 0)
A dinner and celebration in honor of this piece of engineering took place July 4 , 1793 , in a tavern erected by the corporation on the island . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) '' (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no sign of Mrs. [FILTERED] at her house on [FILTERED] , Ridgefield , Connecticut . (Filtered Words: 2)
Show follows ceremonies (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some years later the bank handling the [FILTERED] liquidation received a check for $300,000 , enough to clear up the debt . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We just sit quiet and wait '' , Prevot had said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Analysis (Filtered Words: 0)
His bridgework or his plates feel loose and monstrous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Get pig-drunk -- that's what he wants . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the cast shell of a locust , straw-colored and transparent , weighing nothing , fragile but entire , with eyes like bubbles and a gaping slit down its back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Republican research broke down the vote in Philadelphia . (Filtered Words: 0)
His first model arrived at dusk . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was wearing a brown cotton dress , cut across the hips in a way that was supposed to make her look slimmer , a yoke set into the skirt and flaring pleats below . (Filtered Words: 0)
The residue from soybean processing goes mainly into animal feeds . (Filtered Words: 0)
To port was a point 200 feet high rising behind to a precipice of 2,000 feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can you hear , can you talk to me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Didn't you see how beautiful it was '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One false move on his part and he would be a dead man . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the Half Moon put in at Dartmouth , England , in the fall of 1609 , word of Hudson's findings leaked out , and English interest in him revived . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a college of propaganda (Filtered Words: 0)
Acceptance of radiopasteurization is likely to be delayed , however , for two reasons : ( 1 ) the storage life of fresh chicken under refrigeration is becoming a minimal problem because of constantly improved sanitation and distributing practices , and ( 2 ) treatment by antibiotics , a measure already approved by the Federal Food and Drug Administration , serves to extend the storage life of chicken at a low cost of about 0.5 cents per pound . (Filtered Words: 0)
The plant was located west of the [FILTERED] and south of the location of the former electric light plant . (Filtered Words: 1)
But on one occasion when I encountered a similar fantasy in a little boy who was my patient I began to understand the uncanny effects of this story . (Filtered Words: 0)
and role-experimentation vs. negative identity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , the dispute between Parker and the society of his time , both ecclesiastical and social , was a real one , a bitter one . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's why I only put towels on his chest and belly . (Filtered Words: 0)
As shown in Figure 3 , the protoplasm of other fibers was pale , granular , or flocculated and invaded by phagocytes . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had not shifted position , but he at last lowered his arm . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , as a practicing historian , he , himself , has left few clues to the amount of professional scholarship that he used when writing history . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must undertake complete servicing of the oilheating equipment to assure fine heating . (Filtered Words: 0)
The value of the products you can raise on it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was dead before his body made contact with the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had brought food and we'd decided on no drinks . (Filtered Words: 1)
It began invariably in low tones , almost conversational , and then gradually worked up to high , shrill appeals to God and man . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood watching the girl , wondering what was coming next . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Poetics , in affirming that all human arts are `` modes of imitation '' , gives a more serious role to artistic mimesis than did [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He walked rapidly along the buildings scanning their facades : one was a club -- that was out ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked down at his big hands and slowly flexed his long fingers . (Filtered Words: 0)
She made General [FILTERED]'s horse's belly do so funny when it was upside down . (Filtered Words: 1)
Asked why , he replied primly : `` Because that's no activity for a gentleman '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , this would require a lengthening of the season from thirteen to fourteen weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm just a poor ex-jazz man , name of -- uh -- [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The model of this paper considers an industry which is not characterized by vigorous price competition , but which is so basic that its wage-price policies are held in check by continuous critical public scrutiny . (Filtered Words: 0)
Far more frequently , overeating is the result of a psychological compulsion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The data provide a measure of the total mass of cosmic material incident upon the Earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The road past the butcher shop took us along the side of a stream . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's all over Branchville . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , `` My dear , do you know what [FILTERED] is '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Only in its final scene , where [FILTERED] ( [FILTERED] ) shakes off the disappointment of being jilted by her intellectual lover and proclaims her emancipation do we get much which makes worthwhile the series of boorish rustic happenings we have had to watch for most of the first two and one-half acts . (Filtered Words: 2)
This saleslady was a failure in the dress department and was transferred to the shoe department . (Filtered Words: 0)
While [FILTERED] censors literature only for the young , [FILTERED] would banish all poets from his ideal state . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` There's a body you won't mind looking at '' , Benson said and they stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purchase of state-owned vehicles is handled in the same manner as all other purchases of the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The people of this state do not yield their sovereignty to the agencies that serve them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus in his friends are stranger than his sisters' strong stresses are normal for his and sisters' , but in his friends are stranger than his sisters strong stresses are normal for friends and sisters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vivacious redhead debuts another shop , her sixth , in the Governor's Club Hotel this week . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the converse at bottoms . (Filtered Words: 0)
While this may well be true in general , I believe it is also important to keep in mind that some recent developments suggest that over the next year or so military electronics may be one of the most strongly growing areas in an economy which is not expanding rapidly in other directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ended his public career as a two-term governor of New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , there always is some limit to the numbers who will spend the time and effort to acquire training . (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional records of slow growth have been omitted . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of its letter was the information that applicants for this position `` must also be prepared to teach costume design and advertising art '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When she had wiped some of the lipstick from her mouth , she stared solemnly at her image in the mirror . (Filtered Words: 0)
The future would happen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The ultimate trail system will be of value primarily for recreation and wildlife utilization and fire protection . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the government of the United States of America : (Filtered Words: 0)
The side ones are a half-inch narrower . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Seven Founders were completely dedicated to the public service . (Filtered Words: 0)
This young slave was therefore quite unprepared when [FILTERED] signaled that she wanted him to draw near . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Senate put other business aside as it moved with unaccustomed speed and unanimity to pass -- 85 to 0 -- the largest peacetime defense budget in U.S. history . (Filtered Words: 0)
Less bull the more you can do with em . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , darn it all , why should we help a couple of spoiled snobs who had looked down their noses at us ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That's in the opposite direction '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Good-by , Winston '' , Mr. [FILTERED] said , giving a final set to his hat . (Filtered Words: 1)
I can look at furniture in one spot year in and year out and really feel for sure that's where it belongs . (Filtered Words: 0)
unwarranted they were in any case for , as he stood facing the fille de chambre , his ears were assailed by new sounds from the interior of the shower room . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was moving through a screen of hemlocks , in among the white birch and maples . (Filtered Words: 0)
) , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] were honored in odd quarters , and the whole Booth Tarkington , [FILTERED] ( sic ) , ) [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] atmosphere lay thick as Los Angeles smog (Filtered Words: 7)
San Francisco , March 17 ( AP ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Eh '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the worn teddy bear , a tiny suitcase that [FILTERED] carried , and the clothes she wore , were all she had . (Filtered Words: 1)
University of Tokyo (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no evidence of fibrosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think you had better come home '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
he felt the far , cool flash of unimportant pain , as [FILTERED] dabbed the wound with a corrosive antiseptic which stopped all bleeding immediately . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each failed catastrophically in an invasion of Russia and each brought ruin on the country that worshipped him . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the finest soft shoe tunes ever invented , `` Once In Love With Amy '' is also , of course , one of the most tantalizingly persistent of light love lyrics to come out of American musical comedy in our era . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arriving just in time to stop men from turning their planet into a radioactive wasteland , the Overlords unite earth into one world in which justice , order , and benevolence prevail and ignorance , poverty , and fear have ceased to exist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ease in any extra fullness evenly around . (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind him , his mates stirred without waking . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've had enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a member of The Fighting Seventh . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a way , we may be witnessing the same thing in the sales of automobiles today as the public no longer is willing to purchase any car coming on the market but is more insistent on compact cars free of the frills which were accepted in the Fifties . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mementoes of the Old West recall the days of Wyatt Earp in Dodge City , Nebraska , where present-day cowboys add a colorful human interest note to your vacation shooting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of them , in increasing panic , came running with water in their hats in a ludicrous effort . (Filtered Words: 0)
From it , spokes of order and degree led to the outward rim of the common man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Walk by the side of the palazzo and after two blocks along the [FILTERED] you will come to the Piazza Della Rotonda . (Filtered Words: 1)
The last column shows the rate of exchange that would have been observed at a relative intensity of 4 ( 14.7 cm. distance ) calculated on the assumptions that the incident light intensity is inversely proportional to the square of the distance of the lamp from the cell and that the rate is directly proportional to the incident light intensity . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The measure of combat efficiency in an indecisive campaign is a matter of personal choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you want to hear the paraphrase '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Others assisting (Filtered Words: 0)
the marksman has some probability p , perhaps 0.1 , of making a bull's-eye . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's informed them of everything you've ever written him . (Filtered Words: 0)
They should live in modest circumstances , avoiding all conspicuous consumption . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] or later , Dolores would crack . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since they could see me but I not them , their presence in the hall disturbed me . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have been desirable for the two communities to have differed only in respect to the variable being investigated : the degree of structure in teaching method . (Filtered Words: 0)
A train hooted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Vous voulez vos petits dejeuners tout de suite alors '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Third base '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If they give him advice when he asks it , or if they perform specified duties under his direction , the nature of the U. N. will not of necessity change . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I had the proof , all documented in a legal agreement which I would show her the moment I was free to do so . (Filtered Words: 0)
A revolving fund (Filtered Words: 0)
They cursed Him . (Filtered Words: 0)
You laughed and then your chest swelled and you felt you could cry for a little bit , and then a feeling hit you like a chill in your stomach and the goose bumps rippled along your arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
It all seemed -- if one could have peeked in at him through one of his windows -- as though this broken-nosed man with the muscular arms and wrestler's neck was merely the caretaker trying his hand at the boss's work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tolley had gone to live in California . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have a tremendous amount of talent -- but we lack cohesion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are the only poems that he rearranged as a group between their first appearance ( in Satires Of Circumstance ) and the publication of the Collected Poems . (Filtered Words: 0)
The laws of many states permit birth control only for medical reasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
It also definitely fashions conduct in the way explained above , and this means far more than in the choice of non-violent means . (Filtered Words: 0)
Volume 1 , was completed in 1941 and published in 1944 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fashion show , by [FILTERED] will have Mrs. [FILTERED] as commentator . (Filtered Words: 2)
This is particularly true in large centers of Jewish population like New York , Chicago , and Philadelphia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Far away , standing before a curtained window in the study room , was his father , hands tucked under his coattails , and staring into the dark church . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nowadays , more and more , all he needs is someone else's book . (Filtered Words: 0)
Insofar as its own governing documents are concerned , Emory University could now consider applications from prospective students , and others seeking applications from prospective students , and others seeking the opportunity to study or work at the university , irrespective of race , color or creed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] would be visiting her grandmother for only a few days , but even at seven she was a prudent soul ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
A dead armadillo , the sole occupant of the stage , symbolizes the crisis and destruction of the Old Order . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made a fool of you , Lester '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a great many of the dancers are more or less native . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he can be on the way to Memphis , your [FILTERED] can , and you discover you can stay alive and hate him and love him and want him even if it means you want him -- really want him -- dead . (Filtered Words: 1)
He avoided showing any surprise or annoyance when no one answered him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether it could be as disastrous for American labor as , say , [FILTERED] of the Teamsters , is a matter of conjecture . (Filtered Words: 1)
Oh he was smart . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then hang up fast and come walking on down to the Perrin address . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was succeeded by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was on the eve of a momentous U.N. session to come to grips with cold war issues . (Filtered Words: 0)
but this one was not nearly as long . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strictly speaking , this means that the probability for each possible outcome of the experiment can be computed by multiplying together the probabilities of the possible outcomes of the single binomial trials . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was 258 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sat in a sweat-saturated undershirt , cursing the excessive heat which clamped an uneasy stillness before sundown . (Filtered Words: 1)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a college of propaganda (Filtered Words: 0)
We note the use of rhetoric as a weapon , the manipulation of the masses by propaganda , the `` mobilization '' of effort and resources . (Filtered Words: 0)
Good solid B average with a sprinkling of A's in math and science . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of course , some of my color values do not match the old Master's and the perspective is faulty but I believe it to be a fair copy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Itching skin , considered `` just nerves '' , was eased by treating with whiskey and salt . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] was not easily excited or upset and said quite calmly : `` Let's go and see what it's like '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
By this time word had got around that an American doctor was on the premises . (Filtered Words: 0)
An old gentlemen next to me held a Boy Scout bugle to his lips and blasted away at every fourth step and during the interim shouted out , `` V for Victory '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Simms admired the raucous tales emanating from the backwoods , but he had himself social affiliations which would not allow him to approve them fully . (Filtered Words: 0)
and now ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And you'll notice that in both places , there are acres of charming young ladies who with little effort spice up any chow line . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt intense satisfaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never until in this work of S-D organization have I realized and felt the attitude and experience of a Teacher . (Filtered Words: 0)
One boy who rocked back and forth over his worn book had bright red hair and freckles . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Look , my friend '' , he said , `` in my life I learn , how is it the proverb says , better an ounce of prevention to a pound of cure . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wants to be `` brutally frank and say that these rebellions would be hopeless -- far , far more hopeless than was the Hungarian revolution of 1956 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No action has been taken , however , on such major problems as ending the fee system , penal reform , modification of the county unit system and in outright banning of fireworks sales . (Filtered Words: 0)
On such occasions he had not had the courage to look at the face above the hand , whatever face it might be . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I didn't really think it was as simple as that , nor did anyone else . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his report to the Attorney General , the hearing officer suggested that the petitioner be exempt only from combatant training and service . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Company of the Indies promised to send over a supply of Indian trading goods , and to price them more cheaply in terms of deerskins . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the chaos on my desk prevented my being in the U.N. gallery . (Filtered Words: 0)
He makes the momentous decision . (Filtered Words: 0)
His face was dark as the sky above it as he stood on the wing and waited for his pilot . (Filtered Words: 0)
An African knife and battle-ax are at this moment being sharpened by McKinley and Green . (Filtered Words: 0)
Styka grumbled about fate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The accelerated pace of metropolitan changes has accentuated the drive to conformity in congregations of the major denominations . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't work for the Government '' , the American said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or say a waiter brings you a bowl of soup with a dead fly in it -- all you got to do is bannnnnng , stooooomp your cane on the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had seen two of them and we would soon be in another city-wide , joyous celebration with romance in the air ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Check the temperature gage and be sure it is working . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lack of awareness usually springs from deep but disguised anxiety , often assuming the superficial guise of `` not knowing '' or `` not caring '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he told [FILTERED] himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
Include supplement containing 0.4 to 2 milligrams per pound to provide 2 milligrams per head per day . (Filtered Words: 0)
With this seven-word sentence -- though the speaker undoubtedly thought he was dealing only with the subject of food -- he was telling things about himself and , in the last two examples , revealing that he had departed from the customs of his culture . (Filtered Words: 0)
The estimates vary widely on the strength of the Chinese army . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's a big step toward a modern state . (Filtered Words: 0)
However much we may have to criticize liberal theology's constructive formulations , the theology we ourselves must strive to formulate can only go beyond liberalism , not behind it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was day , but in the thin atmosphere contrasts were sharp between light and shadow . (Filtered Words: 0)
The blue rug was suspiciously bright and new . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some new members will hesitate to ask questions audibly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] also recommended that the snow emergency route plan , under which parking is banned on key streets and cars are required to use snow tires or chains on them , should be `` strictly enforced '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Boonton (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1960 , there were 7287 entries in the Junior Classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
She ascribed her delight with both experiences to the effect they seemed to have of temporarily removing from her the controls which she felt so compulsively necessary to maintain even when it might seem appropriate to relax these controls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certain pianistic traits are common to all five Schnabelian renditions , most notably the `` Schnabel trill '' ( which differs from the conventional trill in that the two notes are struck simultaneously ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not unlike the order received by the sergeant of an army motor pool : `` Four trucks to Fort Mason gym , 7:30 tonight , for hauling girls to dance . (Filtered Words: 0)
More people were passing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Statistical average and all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Holiness without which no man will see God . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
With the other members of the patents committee -- Wilfred C. Leland , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] -- Hanch drafted a cross-licensing agreement whose essential feature of royalty-free licensing was his own contribution . (Filtered Words: 3)
In China it was a baby sitting on a railroad platform , smudged , blood-specked , with the village burning about him and shells exploding . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm studying anatomy with [FILTERED] '' , he replied . (Filtered Words: 1)
Indeed , it is in the field of transportation that Congress has most frequently granted employers exemption from the anti-trust laws ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Upper teeth completely covering the lowers when the back teeth close . (Filtered Words: 0)
The president , [FILTERED] , seemed an able administrator and the premier , Patrice Lumumba , a reasonable man . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] said : (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I know what I'm talking about in that department '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The large majority of the interviewees placed core families in the upper positions . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the first time an English Primate has done this since the 14th century . (Filtered Words: 0)
He might deny the latter ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The large amount of vegetable grindings from the grocery store in the shopping center created a suspended solids problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Player's real test came on the ninth hole , a downhill dogleg to the left measuring 420 yards . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , purchased by the A's from the Milwaukee Braves last fall , allowed no hits in his scoreless three-inning appearance , and merited the triumph . (Filtered Words: 1)
He's -- he's just there , that's all '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perfect , complete entities , if they move at all , do not move towards what they lack . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody had addressed her in broken English at any of those places , nobody had suggested that she wasn't American . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not surprisingly , Dr. [FILTERED] says , some recently enlightened wives are out to claim these capabilities . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the same time , the wallpaper strips themselves seem to be pushed into depth by the lines and patches of shading charcoaled upon them , and by their placing in relation to the block capitals ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Such was my state of mind that I did not question the possibility of this ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned away and opened his locker , and then he heard [FILTERED] say : `` You're yellow , Rossoff '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 2)
That halted the rush . (Filtered Words: 0)
They plot the open interest curves , rainfall curves , and they even divide Democratic congressmen by Republican congressmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The pattern '' , says Dr. [FILTERED] , psychologist at New York's Lincoln Institute for Psychotherapy , `` is for the husband to hover about anxiously and eagerly , virtually trembling in his hope that she will flash him the signal that tonight is the night '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
As he approached the first farmhouse , thunder sounded behind him again , closer now and louder , like a steadily advancing drum corps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Married a man named [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was Mr. [FILTERED] , bellowing out in the hall . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet he did drop his badinage with the ordinary country girl as much in deference to the Grafin as acknowledgement that here , indeed , was something special . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guests stared with horror at Madame Lalaurie and made speedy departures . (Filtered Words: 0)
People depend less on seeds for foods in Australia , New Zealand , and Argentina , where extensive grazing lands support sheep or cattle , and the consumption of meat is high . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the doctor is conscientious , he wants to study the patient . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then what was it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It's his expert opinion that the plant isn't well suited to what you have in mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the physical sciences , these achievements concern electricity , chemistry , and atomic physics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Levittown has applied science , business , and literature ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've been looking for them , and they're gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jails were filled to overflowing with political prisoners who had incurred his displeasure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The family requests that flowers be omitted . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is that elemental . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told once of how he switched his style of playing to jazz after listening to two old Armstrong records he bought in the Flea Market in Paris . (Filtered Words: 0)
Coyotes and hunting wolves sounded like signaling Indian scouts , the whinny of a restless pony made one's skin crawl . (Filtered Words: 0)
To insure uniformity in the meaning of national law , however , state interpretations are subject to Supreme Court review . (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctrine has never worked ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I could not keep my eyes away from the boy with the red hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Housekeeping is easier . (Filtered Words: 0)
another is a bubble of a bauble '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were married over the week-end , though he was easily sixty and she could not have been even thirty . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , head of Rhode Island Incinerator Service , Inc. , said four of the company's eight trucks were making collections with both newly hired and regular workers . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hundreds of men are required to pass the word to the button pushers and to push the buttons . (Filtered Words: 0)
The line of an eyebrow , the color of the skin , a ghazal from Hafiz , the purity of spring water , the long afternoon among the boughs which crowd the upper story of a pavilion -- these things are noticed , judged , and valued . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had hoped to be alone in the bombproof , but the soldier had followed him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead he brought with him the names of some people he had never met and of whom the medium knew nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] didn't think she'd take to window boxes . (Filtered Words: 1)
But the machine quack can cause far more than just suffering . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dad . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sits in the stands and he doesn't like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
( We abstract here from technological progress and assume that prices of all other products change proportionately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inter-american Press (Filtered Words: 0)
There are forty-seven special district governments in Rhode Island ( excluding two regional school districts , four housing authorities , and the Kent County Water Authority ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stevie envied him . (Filtered Words: 0)
sugar sprayed with a hiss that was loud in the silence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Approved September 22 , 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five miles . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- [FILTERED] of Muskegon , Mich. , world's seventh ranked lightweight , had little trouble in taking a unanimous decision over [FILTERED] of Tyler , Tex. , here Monday night . (Filtered Words: 2)
From behind her Means shot forward at a run . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oils , or liquid fats , from the seeds of flax and tung have long been the principal constituents of paints and varnishes for protecting and beautifying the surfaces of wood and metal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pansies have character . (Filtered Words: 0)
I stared at her , almost speechless . (Filtered Words: 0)
How in the world did one attach a pegboard to a stone wall ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Completing 12 of 15 passes for 174 yards , the Aggies had a total offense of 361 yards . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if he has time to go swimming , he had time to be with us '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Major decided that , rather than be led , the slugger could lead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dartmouth students ski everywhere in winter , starting with their own front door . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concerto's soloist , [FILTERED] , played with compensatory ease and economy , though without the consummate plasticity to which we had been treated on the previous evening by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
In short , as frequently happens in analyses , the individual feels threatened and defends himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Time went on and everybody got older . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oxnard , Calif. , will be the home of the Rev. [FILTERED] and his bride , the former Miss [FILTERED] , who were married Saturday at the Munger Place Methodist Church . (Filtered Words: 2)
His schedule calls for a noon speech Monday in [FILTERED] at the Emerald Empire Kiwanis Club . (Filtered Words: 1)
The participants were Professor [FILTERED] , professor of mathematics at King's College , London ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The charge was so farfetched that [FILTERED] paid little attention to it , and answered Pike in a rather bored way , wearily declaring that a `` new hand '' was pumping the bellows of the [FILTERED] organ , and concluding : `` In a controversy with an adversary so utterly destitute of moral principles , even a triumph would entitle the victor to no laurels . (Filtered Words: 2)
In the first year there should probably be considerable emphasis on teaching projects . (Filtered Words: 0)
he had been explaining all during the trip what he needed to make him feel like himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abstract (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you need that big bundle '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Never [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Other classes are included only by myself ( interrogatives , adverbs ) or only by Swadesh and Hoijer ( pronouns , demonstratives ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was also the one salient question to ask , and ask widely : Did you notice anything out of the way ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though it was known that the [FILTERED] in the north was now being directed by the young and energetic General [FILTERED] , the commander who would conduct the `` Little Blitz '' on London in 1944 , a major raid on [FILTERED] at this juncture of the war was not to be considered seriously . (Filtered Words: 3)
For you don't share him , not even with God . (Filtered Words: 0)
This boosted local telegraph business and Manchester basked in all the free advertising . (Filtered Words: 0)
I came up maybe fifty feet before I knew what was happening '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under pressure from parents , the majority of Brooklyn College girls major in education since that co-ordinates best with marriage plans -- limited graduate study requirement and convenient working hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
All the slaves joined in requesting that they be allowed to delay their departure until the end of the planting season , so that they could get in `` their own little produce '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When , therefore , it turned its attention to the concrete entities with which popular imagination had peopled the world of spirit , these entities soon lost whatever status they had enjoyed as actual elements of external reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Continuation cards (Filtered Words: 0)
And I ain't going back there on account of one lousy kid '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Teaching , research and study , according to highest standards , under Christian influence , are paramount in the Emory University policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
You wonder about the Christmas card with no name on it , and it comes to you that maybe it would have been better to have made somebody else happy if you couldn't be happy yourself , to give somebody else the one they wanted -- to give them you . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other we have the flag-wavers and the national sentimentalists who have been willing to use any patriotic , `` frontier western '' or colonial material willy-nilly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Supposing you or I were being accused in this manner , and yet we were doing our level best to carry on our work . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the volume is the molal volume , then Af is obtained on a molal basis which is the customary terminology of the chemists . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , the admitting physician in the VA hospital gets the patient as a new patient . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get the hell out of here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
lots of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
You've not seemed like them , but maybe you are . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , we wonder at the stand of the A.M.A. on the health problem confronting the aged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Macneff smiled and said , `` I am glad that your scriptural lessons have left such an impression '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of wanting to sock the poor bastard I found myself having a fellowfeeling for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
This may be of overriding importance in considering military objectives . (Filtered Words: 0)
There wasn't much light in the blue dark , but I could see her well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here we shall restrict discussion to those methods that appear sufficiently sensitive and precise for determining the concentration of TSH in blood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mouse deer played around the feet of the elephants , or fled when the mighty legs thrashed too close . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stared at the dipper , turning it over and over in his wide , calloused hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` positive state '' came into existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
if the angle of fire were too great the jutting buildings on either side would interfere . (Filtered Words: 0)
They find deep pessimism in them . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] suggests the economic evils of such a society on the first page of his novel in the description of [FILTERED]'s five little dead brothers `` who gave up trying to get a living exceedingly early in that universal struggle '' , who seemed to have `` all been born on their backs with their hands in their trousers-pockets , and had never taken them out in this state of existence '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
he was straight , something angry in his attitude , as if he might be waiting to report something . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gets up every morning at five o'clock , milks his family cow , attends to farm chores , and then takes a two-hour train trip to New York . (Filtered Words: 1)
One of the most exciting ways to end a Northeast vacation would be with a week in New York City . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1958 , the Birds were 3-10 on May 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hanging the responsible officials would not abolish the government , but would emphasize its accountability for the lives of its individual citizens , which would certainly alter it , and definitely for the better . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were all shouting at her as if she were the embodiment of the evil she brought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was in Africa on a mission of peace . (Filtered Words: 1)
10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
otherwise , you'll have to spend a few minutes to either attach a suitable spring clip somewhere on the press head or fit the key to a length of light chain and fasten to the bottom of the motor mount so that the key is out of the way when not in use . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe he felt the same way . (Filtered Words: 0)
He showed puny men attacked by splendidly tyrannical machines . (Filtered Words: 0)
then she murmured : `` You're very kind , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` There wasn't a bit of trouble '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The road maps of the region have changed since 1905 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hit (Filtered Words: 0)
With many company policies you get a fleet discount if you insure five or more rigs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though he was glad she got on well with his young folks , she ought to be welcome at the finest house in the land , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since broadcast frequencies are very limited in number , these objectives are to some extent inconsistent in that not all of them can be fully realized , and to the extent that each is realized , there is a corresponding reduction of the possibilities for fullest achievement of the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Waited for more ships , more lobster-backed infantry , and asked what was to be done with a war of rebellion ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It wouldn't -- wouldn't seem fair , somehow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could you comment on that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Some musicians were enthusiastic , some skeptical . (Filtered Words: 0)
The final group included folk songs from back home , stomped out , shouted and chanted with irresistible spirit and in cowboy costume . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the twentieth century its influence grew , as did that of the Protestantism of the nineteenth-century immigration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirty-five , I guess . (Filtered Words: 0)
In method as well as in theme this little anecdote with its details selected as much for expressiveness and allegory as for `` realism '' , anticipates a kind of musical composition , as well as a kind of fictional composition , in which , as [FILTERED] says , `` there shall be nothing unthematic '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Af layers are stacked normal to the ( 111 ) axis with the lower oxygens of one layer directly above the upper oxygens of the neighboring lower layer , in such a manner that the repeat is every three layers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anaconda : (Filtered Words: 0)
This conference was held despite Stavropoulos' assurance to Adolf Berle , who was leaving the same day for Puerto Rico , that nothing would be done until his return on January 22 , except that the Secretary General would probably order the list destroyed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten after nine . (Filtered Words: 0)
In four opening chapters reminiscent of Macaulay's famous third chapter , [FILTERED] surveys the state of England at the opening of the eighteenth century . (Filtered Words: 1)
Use of nomenclature , symbols , units , physical constants : (Filtered Words: 0)
So , in the last couple of years , abstract expressionism has tended toward romantic suggestion -- indications of landscape or living figures . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s eyes met [FILTERED]'s as they stood there in this strange marriage of destruction . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] and Calhoun came running from the post . (Filtered Words: 1)
All of us , that is , except me . (Filtered Words: 0)
In every war of the United States since the Civil War the South was more belligerent than the rest of the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
All contributed will be acknowledged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Limited interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] had only to signal from his doorway to summon aid from the ubiquitous bilingual children who played on the sidewalks of Mission Street . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nobody would even take his application . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you get the picture of the kind of fellow he was '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , to greet them with delight would convert what before was neutral into something good ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A most useful tool for wetting the surface without running down was made from a greenhouse `` mist spray '' nozzle welded to a hose connection , to be used at low water pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
A white wine , already at cool cellar temperature , may be adequately chilled in a bucket of ice and water or the freezing compartment of a refrigerator ( the former is far preferable ) in about fifteen minutes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] should also draw comfort from Sen. [FILTERED]'s recommendation that congressional methods of dealing with national security problems be improved . (Filtered Words: 2)
I take the central meaning here to be the contrast between the drab empty quality of life without literature and a life enriched by it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The pattern '' , says Dr. [FILTERED] , psychologist at New York's Lincoln Institute for Psychotherapy , `` is for the husband to hover about anxiously and eagerly , virtually trembling in his hope that she will flash him the signal that tonight is the night '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In all the above procedures , when the intermediate sera were diluted to 1 : 10 or 1 : 100 with 0.85% saline , the specific and nonspecific fluorescence were not appreciably reduced , whereas , a dilution of the intermediate sera to 1 : 500 or diluting the Af to 1 : 5 greatly reduced specific fluorescence . (Filtered Words: 0)
there is also hydrogen in wood and hydrogen in our bodies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leningrad's Kirov Ballet , famous for classic purity of technique , begins its first U.S. tour in New York ( through Sept. 30 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Across the bay the Palisades were heavy in green timber ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you examined these trends , forecast the effects , and planned your marketing strategy to compete effectively under changing circumstances ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He could move very quickly , she knew ( although he seldom found occasion to do so ) , but he was more wiry than truly strong . (Filtered Words: 0)
The resolution urges the governor to have a complete study of the Sunday sales laws made with an eye to their revision at the next session of the legislature . (Filtered Words: 0)
It changes and develops according to the text ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Isn't it wonderful ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't turn it off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There isn't much time . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is especially important if you live in a mild-winter zone . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are quite convinced that one of the main hopes for the future depends upon the informal contacts and exchanges of ideas between individuals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three methods for determining the dimensional restorability characteristics are established for those textiles which require restoration by ironing or wearing after laundering . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was prancing along the hall , heading for the next flight of stairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` By God , it's that damn [FILTERED] , the sneak '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
He liked to fancy himself as a chieftain and to dress for the part . (Filtered Words: 0)
To recite the particulars of recent Soviet successes is hardly reassuring . (Filtered Words: 0)
International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her scream split up the silence of the car , accompanied by the rattling of the freight , and then Cappy came off the floor , his legs driving him hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , too , must be placed Unitarianism and , less obviously from Christian inspiration , Emerson , Transcendentalism , and the idealism of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Does it put the label of un-American or subversive on everyone with whom it disagrees politically ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The backing from the white town was greater and there was little publicity . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who is [FILTERED] , anyway '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Branch Offices are located in other large cities . (Filtered Words: 0)
New Orleans had a notorious red-light district extending over twenty-eight city blocks , and the business-minded mayor of the city journeyed to Washington to present the case for `` the God-given right of men to be men '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can't see them yet , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The chinless [FILTERED] called . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here and there (Filtered Words: 0)
I have a distinct admiration for this man we honor today because of the humility with which he carries his greatness . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Impossible '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a few details of the system the lines are 1-1/4'' '' X-Tru-Coat , a product of Republic Steel Corp. , and all lines are welded . (Filtered Words: 0)
What we have here is in some ways more like an ordinary conversation . (Filtered Words: 0)
My heartiest congratulations go to their successors , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , who can be counted upon to sustain the illustrious tradition of the New York Times . (Filtered Words: 2)
When I told him someone had torn it out , he shouted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you estimated your sales manpower needs for the future ( both quantitatively and qualitatively ) ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The six-ton [FILTERED] began to whip and shake . (Filtered Words: 1)
The day before Election Day , to which we are entitled as a legal holiday , we were informed to report to our respective polls to work as `` workers of the party '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But none of these has been implemented . (Filtered Words: 0)
No antigen was detectable in certain dark spherical areas in most cells . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is also true that Braque was the consistent pioneer in the use of simulated textures as well as of typography ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When the young biologist , Dr. [FILTERED] , began to show interest in our daughter [FILTERED] , this induced a corresponding interest , on our part , in him . (Filtered Words: 2)
He left the rest of his things and returned to the lobby . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bern demands that the Lord's Supper be administered here as it used to be , with unleavened bread . (Filtered Words: 0)
Awkwardly with one hand Matsuo got the cap back on the water bottle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Merely having a mental image of some sort is not the all-important consideration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until professional planners meet this situation squarely and update the concepts of zoning in a manner acceptable to the courts , I hope we in East Greenwich can continue to shape our own destiny . (Filtered Words: 0)
He paused on the landing to steady his breathing and then bent to examine the single door by the light of the weak bulb overhead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an instrument is expected to be especially useful if it could be used to measure the elasticity of heavy pastes such as printing inks , paints , adhesives , molten plastics , and bread dough , for the elasticity is related to those various properties termed `` length '' , `` shortness '' , `` spinnability '' , etc. , which are usually judged by subjective methods at present . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will continue to be an objective of this division to encourage the acceptance of planning as a proper and continuing responsibility of local government . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inspector nodded , doubting this . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tolley had no idea of marrying that sneaky little Jenny ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
We'll play [FILTERED]'s Fifth Symphony in the original version , and [FILTERED]'s Seventh -- the least accessible , known , and played of [FILTERED]'s works . (Filtered Words: 3)
Having the deepest of maternal instincts , my heart fairly bled when I thought of the darling pink and white `` bundles from heaven '' I would have proudly given my husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] would have preferred death and bankruptcy to having his son stay with his wife's people without contributing to his and his family's upkeep , and besides that there were the things that had to be bought for the baby , milk and orange juice and vitamins and soap , just plain soap . (Filtered Words: 1)
A few minutes later , FBI agent [FILTERED] , talking fast , eased up the ramp to the plane , unarmed . (Filtered Words: 1)
The critics' campaign finally inspired the first major U.S. exhibit of [FILTERED]'s works . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'd have phoned sooner but I've been busy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other studies , loss of differentiation in previously established conditioned reflexes resulted from repeated convulsive ( metrazol ) treatments , suggesting a fundamental disturbance in the balance between excitatory and inhibitory cerebral processes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us work through an example , and the simpler and commoner the better . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drank a glass of water and gripped the sink with both hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
They crept down the muddy slope toward the waiting boats . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Before you try anything '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
But how could -- ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought of [FILTERED] , the nigger who had gone after his sister . (Filtered Words: 1)
My husband's hours away from home for the past years have been from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. the early part of the week , and as late as 8 or 9 on week-ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the adult world , there are a number of rather general and diffuse sources of ideological diffusion that further compound the adolescent's search for meaning during this particular identity crisis . (Filtered Words: 0)
A good formulation will keep the clothes clean and white after many washings ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bull tailin' '' was a game once pop'lar with the Mexican cowboys of Texas . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] give approximately 20 inches as the average length of a brood of thirty from the region of the Orinoco estuaries . (Filtered Words: 2)
The black [FILTERED] seemed to stare rigidly back at him and [FILTERED]'s eyes were caught by the [FILTERED]'s in fascination , and then [FILTERED] was shocked as , all at once , flames shot out from the sharp features of [FILTERED]'s face and there was a terrible metallic scraping sound , as if the large statue were about to burst from some pressure within it . (Filtered Words: 3)
In the first place our business is foreign policy , and it is the business of the Presidential leadership and his appointees in the Department to consider the domestic political aspects of a problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
The state's occupation tax is computed on gross sales . (Filtered Words: 0)
10% of them worried about their friends , neighbors , and relatives , most of whom were quite capable of taking care of themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Some better . (Filtered Words: 0)
Technical assistance to small business community (Filtered Words: 0)
In the center of his brilliant curls sat a small black skullcap . (Filtered Words: 0)
Willings undoubtedly had . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arm , shoulder , chest , upper and lower back strength will be aided with the Horse kick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Merger proposed (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the gradual unfolding and deepening of this contradiction which creates the inner dialectic of the evolution of the mystery story . (Filtered Words: 0)
He chuckled and gave the signal for the dance to start . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapter 8 , is entitled `` On Magnetism '' and in it are included such remarks as , `` One has always been tempted to compare the magnetic forces with the electrical forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
The chines go in the same way except that they are made of two pieces of two-inch wood for strength and easier bending . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , development will not lead to longrun stability . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hans got an axe . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw no life , but still stood there for a time peering at the unlovely hills , his gaze continually returning to Papa-san . (Filtered Words: 0)
For wasp stings onion juice , obtained by scraping an onion , gave quick relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would lie in it no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Desperately , Nick flashed one hand up , catching Poet's neck in the bend of his elbow . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he sank on his knees , they had allowed him to char without administering the stroke of mercy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of interest is a recent announcement by Du Pont's Polychemicals Dept. of a new methyl methacrylate monomer designated as Monocite H 100 , which was developed specifically for production of cast acrylic sheets for the sign and lighting industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
How old is your working force ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , and this has been calculated by observation , the universe is expanding -- that is , the galaxies are receding from each other at immense speeds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three were doubles , [FILTERED] getting a pair and Marv Breeding one . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Model 99 ( under $45 ) is a light-weight , streamlined (Filtered Words: 0)
His first conclusion , on behavior of individual items , is negative , whereas mine ( on Ath. and Yok. ) was partially positive . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had already quite forgotten about him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ain't so bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may want to include your own regular vacation period if you have one . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the anxiety it generates is misinterpreted as anxiety over private interest and threatened social status . (Filtered Words: 0)
Physiologist [FILTERED] flatly dismisses such appetite depressants as the amphetamines ( Benzedrine , Dexedrine ) as dangerous `` crutches for a weak will '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is awe-inspiring . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps this was related to the fact that all were in on it to some extent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` To get a marriage back where it belongs '' , comments Dr. [FILTERED] of the Lincoln Institute , `` the husband must take some very basic steps . (Filtered Words: 1)
Laban had more to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , states a [FILTERED] editorial , was `` efficient , pains-taking , self-effacing , loving , radiating the spirit of her Master . (Filtered Words: 2)
Chin up , Soapy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proprietorships should get the tax advantages now accruing to corporations , e.g. the chance to accumulate capital so vital for growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The triangles automatically revolve in a cycle which permits 9 sec. of viewing time for each poster subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
From that time to this my religious concern is that I might give effective help to the bringing in of God's kingdom on earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would authorize the Texas Education Agency to establish county-wide day schools for the deaf in counties of 300,000 or more population , require deaf children between 6 and 13 years of age to attend the day schools , permitting older ones to attend the residential Texas School for the Deaf here . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sky glowered down at them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thornburg arrived with the writers . (Filtered Words: 0)
She let him lead her around . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of the monologue the audience would applaud . (Filtered Words: 0)
And a good several feet around the pool should be neither greensward nor woods , but good hard pavement . (Filtered Words: 0)
But not having talked to the Angels , he had made a wrong turn in his reasoning somewhere along the line . (Filtered Words: 0)
A series of eight special tests were conducted at different rotor speeds to determine the oxygen transfer rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are more stems per item in Athabascan , which expresses the fact that the Athabascan languages have undergone somewhat more change in diverging from proto-Athabascan than the Yokuts languages from proto-Yokuts . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had come here in order to test himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Italian master [FILTERED] , no less sensitive , knows twice the ecstasy though he thinks of a car's adhesion to a wet two-lane road at 165 miles an hour as a matter best expressed in algebraic formulae . (Filtered Words: 1)
to this he glued and fitted other pieces of paper and four taut strings , thus creating a sequence of flat surfaces in real and sculptural space to which there clung only the vestige of a picture plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was obsessed by disease and poverty , by the melancholy of old age and the tyranny of lust . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cites with pleasure the comment of a lady , who exclaimed after a concert : `` Why , it's extremely interesting . (Filtered Words: 0)
In both cases the finger-post represents [FILTERED]'s heightened awareness of contrary magnetisms . (Filtered Words: 1)
In addition , dirt particles can be held onto a soiled surface by sticky substances or by the surface tension of liquids , including liquid greases . (Filtered Words: 0)
This happy , always smiling lad with the sunny disposition is our new Junior Mr. [FILTERED] [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
but jumping right up , he staggered in no particular direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
On other matters , the jury recommended that : ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'm General [FILTERED]'s horse , upside down '' , [FILTERED] said , sort of gaspingly , for her : even she had to breathe kind of funny when she was in that position . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED]'s potential followers were openly sullen and morose , missing muster without excuse , expressing in ominous tones their displeasure at the prisoners being kept in irons , communicating with the three by glance and signal . (Filtered Words: 1)
A warning (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm a good Baptist , and drinking '' (Filtered Words: 0)
pleasure domes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Transitional societies (Filtered Words: 0)
You identify yourself and ask him what's going on . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said quietly , gaining nerve , ready to ask any question at all , no matter how intimate , ready to be rebuffed , `` Then why did she leave Israel ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He would have to be given the opportunity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having arrived he blinked sleepily and friendlily at them , and lapsed back into the restful stupor from which he had emerged . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the internationalists have taken over the governing body of the bar , and when the lads met in St. Louis , it was not to grumble about the humidity but to vote unanimously that the United Nations was scarcely less than wonderful , despite an imperfection here and there . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was something on which K. himself seemed to have some doubts ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Skorich , however , is a strong advocate of a balanced attack -- split between running and passing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never concern for his wife's nerves , or the danger that the curled lip and big teeth might mark their own dear baby due in January . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in its engineers' frantic attempts to achieve maximum dynamic impact and earsplitting brilliance , the recording sounds as though it had been `` doctored for super-high fidelity '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
if the Government certifies that production may be possible from the property , the royalty obligation continues for the 10-year period usually specified in the contract or until the Government's contribution is repaid with interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Atomic energy (Filtered Words: 0)
Though , taken individually , the big rooms were , or seemed to be , square , the apartment as a whole formed a triangle . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mais , oui . (Filtered Words: 0)
With completion of filling , net-like anastomoses were noted to be present between these separately derived branches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such equipment has been installed at Hilo , Midway , Attu and Dutch Harbor . (Filtered Words: 0)
instead they divided the surface into many bands or covered it by all-over patterns into which freehand drawing began to creep . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cabin has several shelves for small items and storage under the bunks for water skiis , life jackets , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
To both the amateur and the commercial progandist the analyst lacks a soul , lacks appreciation with his endless probings and classifications . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's not too much to assume that you will have a more lasting interest in paper hats than will Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He really didn't know how to fly . (Filtered Words: 0)
An over-all concept will guide industry where available talents and facilities will yield greatest dividends . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since electrical stimulation of the posterior hypothalamus produces the effects of wakefulness while stimulation of the anterior hypothalamus induces sleep , it may be said that the reactivity of the whole organism is altered by a change in the autonomic reactivity of the hypothalamus . (Filtered Words: 0)
people who thought it was nice to be important , but not important to be nice ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the hemoglobin was 10.6 gm. . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pitcher wound up and the ball came in straight for [FILTERED]'s head . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was no mistaking that scream . (Filtered Words: 0)
I waved with discretion and moderation to the vague golden faces fading through rising dust and the distortions of the back window glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Australian asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
He skips around from jazz , to blues to boogie -- accompanying himself on piano and frequently pulling the customers in on the act . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the league commissioner , pointed out : (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Start in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pozzatti and I could not know then that we would experience this sort of treatment more often in Moscow than elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Annapolis , Jan. 7 (Filtered Words: 0)
By July 1 , six weeks from now , motel-keepers all over the nation will , by 6 p.m. , be switching on that bleak -- to motorists -- sign , `` No Vacancy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Closely related to this function is the fact that the religious system provides a body of ultimate ends for the society , which are compatible with the supreme eternal ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
The range is from 14 to 25 inches ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
To the average American , this must sound like an incredible tale from a Saturday night TV movie . (Filtered Words: 0)
If our sincerity is granted , and it is granted , the discrepancy can only be explained by the fact that we have come to believe hearsay and legend about ourselves in preference to an understanding gained by earnest self-examination . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reader will find it helpful to think of the special case when the primes are of degree 1 , and even more particularly , to think of the proof of Theorem 10 , a special case of this theorem . (Filtered Words: 0)
The air conditioning and ventilating systems of large buildings are subject to attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later on , they and the mother Psithyrus are fed by the Bombus workers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The notion of philosophy as [FILTERED] may fit well with authoritarian modes of political ideology , but it has been noted that the price of such an imperial notion of philosophy is the frustration and flagellation of the social sciences . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] has written that `` non-violence and good will of the victim act like the lack of physical opposition by the user of physical jiu-jitsu , to cause the attacker to lose his moral balance . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Commission shall , as soon as possible , and in the order of the making of such awards , certify to the Secretary of the Treasury and to the Secretary of State copies of the awards made in favor of the Government of the United States or of nationals of the United States under this Title . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
But this will not happen merely through the natural process of social life . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll take you out to dinner . (Filtered Words: 0)
In `` My Song's Young Virgin Date '' , for example , Thompson wrote : `` Yea , she that had my song's young virgin date Not now , alas , that noble singular she , I nobler hold , though marred from her once state , Than others in their best integrity . (Filtered Words: 0)
He strove to think of God and His eternal wrath ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On Sept. 6 , the [FILTERED] rescued the crew of a trawler they found drifting on a life raft after they had abandoned a sinking ship . (Filtered Words: 1)
Judge [FILTERED] , the vegetarian black snake ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
stem frequencies 4 , 3 , and 1 , 57% . (Filtered Words: 0)
Naive of us , maybe , but the results of our impulsive invitations to `` come over next summer and swim in our new pool '' were both unexpected and unsettling . (Filtered Words: 0)
otherwise , the cork dries and air enters to spoil it . (Filtered Words: 0)
His `` sure-sure '' was enthusiastic this time . (Filtered Words: 0)
I must , in fairness , take issue with his premise , primarily because the so-called scandals in labor unions were very much connected with business scandals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contrary to popular belief , they were not great technical innovators . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't know where Ma went . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our creditors do not forget us (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There wasn't a bit of trouble '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The need for monitoring became greater when radio was adopted for military signaling . (Filtered Words: 0)
One said , `` When I get a cold I buy a bottle of whiskey for it , and within a few hours it's gone '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] would be safe ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed out of the sums covered into any of the funds pursuant to subsection ( B ) of this section , and after making the deduction provided for in Section 7 ( B ) of this Title -- ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Handley married [FILTERED] and Red , of the red beard , married [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] stiffened in anger . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since they are all either rented or borrowed , the requested dates for their use have to be far in advance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They knew I was a good sharecrop farmer back in Carolina , but out West was a chance to build a real farm of our own . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have these positions , which compare directly : Af (Filtered Words: 0)
In order to focus clearly upon the operation of this one force , which we may call the effect of `` public-limit pricing '' on `` key '' wage bargains , we deliberately simplify the model by abstracting from other forces , such as union power , which may be relevant in an actual situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , neglecting the extreme outbursts , reflected solar radiation is not expected to cause sizable errors in the measurements of planetary radiation in the centimeter- and decimeter-wave-length range . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Comment '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
There she extracted two limp vellum sheets and wrote off the letters , one to Abel , one to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
More often , these offices are restricted to the gathering of empirical data . (Filtered Words: 0)
I pay my personal tribute to [FILTERED] , stalwart Texan and great American , not only because today he establishes a record of having served as Speaker of the House of Representatives more than twice as long as [FILTERED] , but because of the contributions he has made to the welfare of the people of the Nation during his almost half century of service as a Member of Congress . (Filtered Words: 2)
Costs of the effective energy produced by these sources is a major obstacle in the development of food-preservation processes . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] was a liar and a slanderer , he was also a very canny gentleman , for nothing that Pike could do would pry so much as a single word out of him . (Filtered Words: 1)
This can usually be found out at the nearest town hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Music lovers who are not familiar with this literature may hear an excellent example , played for RCA by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The George-Barden Act of 1946 raised the previous increases in annual authorizations to $29 million in addition to the $7 million under the Smith Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
One man dropped to his knee for better aim . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of Plainview , former chairman of the Texas Highway Commission , suggested a plan to fill by appointment future vacancies in the Legislature and Congress , eliminating the need for costly special elections . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the early spring of 1913 a few hundred thousand persons turned out to watch 5000 women parade . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the marksman , we study sets of five shots ( Af ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Gross stopped briefly , then went on . (Filtered Words: 0)
( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Idea is to let these countries earn their way as much as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
The highest position is known as a ' research scientist . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were disappointed by the physical and emotional hurt of premarital sexual intercourse . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , she had a number of them where money was concerned '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
He should have stayed here and watched [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Had the Communist-led [FILTERED] finally come this far ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
All students are invited to participate in any of the musical organizations for which they qualify . (Filtered Words: 0)
View takes in five counties , two bedrooms '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A plume of smoke rose from a Central Vermont locomotive which idled behind a string of gravel cars , and little figures that were workmen labored to set the ruptured roadbed to rights . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wouldn't want him to miss the message '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , the issues (Filtered Words: 0)
Areas should be large enough to include the attractions , have ample space for the use of facilities needed , and have room around the edges to protect the values of the area from encroachment by private developments . (Filtered Words: 0)
This circumstance in the patient's case plus the fact that his tactual capacity remained basically in sound working order constitutes its exceptional value for the problem at hand since the evidence presented by the authors is overwhelming that , when the patient closed his eyes , he had absolutely no spatial ( that is , third-dimensional ) awareness whatsoever . (Filtered Words: 0)
this level will be increased by condensed steam . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taking off his hat and signaling the driver with it , Mr. [FILTERED] stepped into the road , lifted the surprised turtle and consummated its road-crossing with what must have been a breath-taking suddenness . (Filtered Words: 1)
He turned and fled into the house and made his way up the marble stairs without once looking back . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smoothed the skirt , sat down , then stood up and went back to the windows . (Filtered Words: 0)
They poured water over their catcher's face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Capt. [FILTERED] of the Office of Harbor Defense was very worried . (Filtered Words: 1)
The board's last money raising event was a performance by [FILTERED] -- `` quite off-beat for this group '' , decided some of the members . (Filtered Words: 1)
Quietly he determined to foil her . (Filtered Words: 0)
He dumped me in solitary twice '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact that [FILTERED] was an extrovert , concerned primarily with what he saw , adds greatly to the value of his art as a human chronicle . (Filtered Words: 1)
He asked , keeping his voice casual . (Filtered Words: 0)
No single explanation is adequate to account for this . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finnegan woke up . (Filtered Words: 0)
The solutions were not arrived at by any theoreticians of the [FILTERED] stripe but by men of government -- lawyers , most of them -- and men of business . (Filtered Words: 1)
A few were doubtful about the merits of an exclusive section for married students . (Filtered Words: 0)
The missiles were to be armed with an underwater bomb . (Filtered Words: 0)
With few exceptions , the major denominations are rapidly losing their hold on the central city . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you have a boy friend '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I couldn't face Thelma after that night . (Filtered Words: 0)
They do not escape [FILTERED] : they merely encounter another , not-less-deadly variety . (Filtered Words: 1)
You see , I always make it look like an accident . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was wearing sneakers and shorts and an open-collared shirt , and in his hand he carried a little black bag . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exploratory mood (Filtered Words: 0)
sales should slightly exceed 1960 , however , and reach $1.9 billion . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , in effect , an oversize room conditioner equipped with prefab glass-fiber ducts to distribute the cooled , cleaned , dehumidified air where it is wanted . (Filtered Words: 0)
he sees a parallel also to the Jewish day of preparation for the Sabbath . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for states' rights , they have never counted in the thinking of my liberal friends except as irritations of a minor and immoral nature which exist now only as anachronisms . (Filtered Words: 0)
We used the latter equipped with a carborundum disk about (Filtered Words: 0)
He shouted like a hoarse old mastiff , his hair stiff and bristling . (Filtered Words: 0)
The filing of an original or amended declaration , otherwise due on January 15 , 1962 , is also waived , if you file your Form 1040 for 1961 and pay the full tax by January 31 , 1962 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I will die rich '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his letter mentioning [FILTERED] on January 24 , 1597/8 , Sturley asked [FILTERED] especially that `` theare might ( be ) bi Sir [FILTERED]. Grev. some meanes made to the Knightes of the Parliament for an ease and discharge of such taxes and subsedies wherewith our towne is like to be charged , and I assure u I am in great feare and doubte bi no meanes hable to paie . (Filtered Words: 3)
If any of us miss , they can pick up the pieces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreland sat brooding for a full minute , during which I made each of us a new drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ) (Filtered Words: 2)
It urged that the next Legislature `` provide enabling funds and re-set the effective date so that an orderly implementation of the law may be effected '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But have you told Mother you were going '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a salesman for something or other and must have been transferred . (Filtered Words: 0)
Palmer had started the round four strokes behind Player , and at one point in the afternoon had trailed by as many as six strokes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outside surface of the solid units shall be of an exterior grade of panel board such as plywood , plastic coated panel board , high density particle board , asbestos-cement board , or any other product locally obtainable upon recommendation of your building supply dealer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The curving benches are broken , chipped , tumbled , but still in place , as are the marble chairs , the seats of honor for the legislators . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Italians felt it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concierge called out to them as they were passing through the foyer . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are here because all our paths travel a blind course through a thick forest , seeking human dignity . (Filtered Words: 0)
and many are engineers who have been advanced from the divisions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , if you want to throw all caution to the winds and rent an Imperial or Cadillac limousine just for you and your bride , you'll have a memorable tour , but it won't be cheap , and it is not recommended unless you own a producing oil well or you've had a winner in the Irish Sweepstakes . (Filtered Words: 0)
His chief discovery was important -- the Great North ( later , the Hudson ) River -- but it produced no northwest passage . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This was not merely alleging errors , but was carried out by day-after-day allegations in memos , written charges of serious consequence . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned unsmilingly to Rachel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only Walter Lippman envisioned the possibility of our having `` outlived most of what we used to regard as the program of our national purposes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , governor of Red River , and [FILTERED] , a chief factor of the Hudson's Bay Company , ordered such `` sundry articles '' to a value of Ab4,500 . (Filtered Words: 2)
A troop of reporters brought up the rear . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a grunt , curiously inarticulate , like that of an animal in pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He hopes to melt off an additional eight pounds before the Flock breaks camp three weeks hence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Analysis means the evaluation of subparts , the comparative ratings of parts , the comprehension of the meaning of isolated elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Caution : (Filtered Words: 0)
By force , he took under his protection , or stole , 900,000 square miles of wilderness in Central Africa . (Filtered Words: 0)
In More's Utopia communism is not a means of separating out a warrior elite from the lumpish mass . (Filtered Words: 0)
A second bullet ricocheted off [FILTERED]'s belt buckle , leaving him unhurt but in some distress . (Filtered Words: 1)
Prokofieff's Classical Symphony was hailed as an ingenious work from a naturally gifted and well-trained musician still in his twenties . (Filtered Words: 0)
The official military establishment can only threaten to use its nuclear arms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was even more startled when he heard what [FILTERED] wanted . (Filtered Words: 1)
pattern D for lid fits over top diameter of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
General Power would participate in the decision making . (Filtered Words: 0)
He dropped his earlier and delightful hamming , which is about the only way to handle the old war horse called `` [FILTERED]'s Aunt '' , and let himself go with as appealing an `` Amy '' as anybody could ask . (Filtered Words: 1)
Moreover the centralization of our economy during the 1920s , the dislocations of the Depression , the common ethos of Materialism everywhere , all contributed in various ways to the face-lifting that replaced [FILTERED] and the Great Gatsby with the anonymous physiognomy of the Little People . (Filtered Words: 1)
Article 5 , consultation (Filtered Words: 0)
Carvey believes that reapportionment , which left many Democratic clubs split by these new district boundaries , actually will increase CDC membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] chuckled . (Filtered Words: 1)
Trachea clear of mucus and foreign objects . (Filtered Words: 0)
A blow to this phase of the Central's operations would have serious economic consequences not only to the railroad itself , but to the 40,000 people per day who are provided with efficient , reasonably priced transportation in and out of the city . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This is the first time in 100 years that a candidate for the presidency announced the result of an election in which he was defeated '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the South begins another school year , national and even world attention is directed at the region's slow progress toward racial equality in the public schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proprietorship (Filtered Words: 0)
They were sitting on their heels , rider-fashion , over by the still empty calf wagon . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was furious . (Filtered Words: 1)
These boys acknowledged an introduction to anybody by gently pressing one of his hands in both of theirs , while they gazed , misty-eyed with care , into the eyes of the person they were meeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other hitters bloomed with more or less vigor in the news and a few even dared to dream of matching [FILTERED] , who was still called [FILTERED] by all his friends , or [FILTERED] or Two-Head by those who dared to taunt him ( [FILTERED] was the name of the ball player he liked the least ) and who called most of the world `` Kid '' . (Filtered Words: 4)
There are many varieties of coolers and they serve many purposes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Starting in great force late in December , from a line stretching from East Prussia to Budapest , the Red armies had swept two hundred miles across Poland to the Oder , thirty miles from Berlin , and the Upper Danube region was being rapidly overrun , while the Western Allies had not yet occupied all of the left bank of the Rhine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though by no means an ideal procedure , a red wine may similarly be brought from the cellar to the dining room and opened twenty minutes or so before serving time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Foreign policy in its total context (Filtered Words: 0)
Dig '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His job simply consisted in registering new men . (Filtered Words: 0)
External determination of heading -- surveying technique . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it is as if the only stable relation left among the different parts of the picture is the ambivalent and ambiguous one that each has with the surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had certain psychic intuitions that this rebellion was not wholly what it appeared on the surface . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] and I have noticed some lapses since , though . (Filtered Words: 1)
This action was rationalized on the basis of a small survey which indicated that a high percentage of married freshmen women on our campus never become sophomores . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may find a conditioner rated by horsepower . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sputtered back to his feet and scrambled madly to pull his bags of seed grain forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet even that explosion did not mean much . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence the title of the book , referring to the soldiers and subjects of the king ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was always persuaded out . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had long black hair and a wispy beard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus , the guy says he is trying . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was built by [FILTERED] from plans submitted by [FILTERED] of Fayette County , Pennsylvania . (Filtered Words: 2)
The expedition that had discovered Ozagen had succeeded in correlating two thousand [FILTERED] words with an equal number of American words . (Filtered Words: 1)
They watched the tree until it twisted sharply on a bend . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dig '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A cow owned by an old woman trespassed on [FILTERED]'s land . (Filtered Words: 1)
Very few fried foods are used and the use of salt and pepper is discouraged . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where're you takin' me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A long book heavily weighted with military technicalities , in this edition it is neither so long nor so technical as it was originally . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was 1105 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The numerical aperture should be in general close to unity . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hadn't chosen medicine -- it had chosen me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
By subduing disparate lesser groups the nation has , to some degree at least , broadened the capacity for individual liberty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of 40 cities with populations of 300,000 and more , Mr. [FILTERED] carried 26 and Mr. [FILTERED] 14 . (Filtered Words: 2)
The vulture-like attendance of the Pocket family upon Miss [FILTERED] is summed up in the hypocritical gestures of Miss [FILTERED] , who puts her hand to her throat in a feigned spasm of grief-stricken choking , then lays it `` upon her heaving bosom '' with `` an unnatural fortitude of manner '' , and finally kisses it to Miss [FILTERED] in a parody of the lady's own mannerism toward Estella . (Filtered Words: 3)
The loss in growth of sawtimber because of damage by destructive agencies in the United States in 1952 was estimated to be about 44 billion board feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again I felt impelled to kneel , and reached back and pulled Via down . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , his voice betrayed uncertainty about their being here , and conveyed an appeal to whatever is reasonable , peace-loving , and dependable in everybody . (Filtered Words: 0)
According to the theory proposed , this is a consequence of the severe condition of perceived threat that persists unabated for the anxious child in an ambiguous sort of school environment . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the urge to obtain a list as free of geographical and cultural conditioning as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
From the outside , it seemed no more than a low drumlin , a lump on the dark earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't even pretended to be farming his spread . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guerrillas were racing toward him . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a lady there , in a nightdress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or it could have chosen to find -- by negotiation -- some way of stopping the tests without loss to national security . (Filtered Words: 0)
That would make him mad enough if he was sober . (Filtered Words: 0)
The length of the arrow indicates amount of slowing or acceleration at Completion over that at Onset , and the difference in months can be read roughly by referring the arrow to the age scale along the base of each figure , or more precisely by referring to the original data in the appropriate tables . (Filtered Words: 0)
The artist , unlike the philosopher , is not a removed observer aiming at neutral and rarified high levels of abstraction . (Filtered Words: 0)
When irregularity and variation prevent summarizing , information is written in complete detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He'll bring a bottle too , and I'll get another one or maybe two while I'm out . (Filtered Words: 0)
and when he woke up , his father was saying , `` Stop screaming , Quint . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last count , sixteen former Rhodes Scholars ( see box on page 13 ) had been appointed to the Administration , second in number only to its Harvard graduates . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the key to the suite is still missing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The armed forces of Taiwan are at a working strength of about 450,000 , though a reserve potential twice that high is contemplated . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Volstead laws , speed laws , divorce laws '' , he said , `` as they now stand , demoralize the individual , make liars and law breakers of us in one way or another , and tend to make our experiment in democracy absurd . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You may have seen me on TV '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ludie inquired every evening , pretending that he did not care . (Filtered Words: 0)
As soon as the fox has taken hold on most of the populace he imports more wharf rats , who , of course , say they are the aggrieved victims of an extermination campaign in the city . (Filtered Words: 0)
man has a second chance . (Filtered Words: 0)
A law is needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The night was so clear that [FILTERED] had no difficulty making out the silhouette . (Filtered Words: 1)
In California is located one of the most popular of the national parks -- Yosemite . (Filtered Words: 0)
When she succeeds , she usually manages to slip in unobtrusively , to deposit an egg on a completed loaf of beebread before the bumblebees seal the egg compartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
As used in this Act , the term ' saline water ' includes sea water , brackish water , and other mineralized or chemically charged water , and the term ' United States ' extends to and includes the District of Columbia , the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico , and the territories and possessions of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this purpose a degree of intellectual and emotional involvement is necessary ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The most infamous of all was launched by the explosion of the island of Krakatoa in 1883 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If the patient can perceive figure kinesthetically when he cannot perceive it visually , then , it would seem , the sense of touch has immediate contact with the spatial aspects of things in independence of visual representations , at least in regard to two dimensions , and , as we shall see , even this much spatial awareness on the part of unaided touch is denied by the authors . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why didn't he want you to get hitched '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Volume 1 ( ( Af ) of the seventh edition of Dana's System Of Mineralogy was published in 1944 and Volume 2 ( ( Af ) in 1951 by John Wiley & Sons , Inc. , New York , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In a brief chapter dealing with `` Various Other Diagnoses '' , he quotes isolated passages from some writers whose views seem to corroborate his own , and finds it `` most remarkable that a critical view of twentieth-century society was already held by a number of thinkers living in the nineteenth . (Filtered Words: 0)
And why that insistence ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
County judges , commissioners , engineers , assessors , and others who have lived in the area for a long time may have valuable knowledge regarding the site or opinions to offer from their varied professional experiences . (Filtered Words: 0)
of a more alive time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If they are here , then surely I have the right to be here '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am to go to Washington to serve with him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The secretary's greatest achievement is perhaps the rekindling of NATO realization that East-West friction , wherever it take place around the globe , is in essence the general conflict between two entirely different societies , and must be treated as such without regard to geographical distance or lack of apparent connection . (Filtered Words: 0)
They passed the marmalade , the bread , the black-market butter , back and forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
1184 copies of the R. I. Directory Of Manufacturers were distributed : 643 in-state and 541 out-of-state . (Filtered Words: 0)
An animal covered with splotches or spots of different colors was called a `` brindle '' or `` brockle '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
he sometimes called them `` an expiation '' , and he would not allow them to be published in periodicals . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Any luck '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Last year , we probably would have given him $700 for a comparable machine '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is his a literature of defeat , irrelevant to the social crises we face ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
rim-fire auto with a tubular magazine that holds 18 Long Rifles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the composer uses a favorite device of his , the intensification of the mood through key relationships . (Filtered Words: 0)
That such deficiencies existed within Ptolemy's theory was not discovered de novo by Copernicus . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sounds issuing from beyond -- winches whirring , men shouting -- indicated great activity and excited me . (Filtered Words: 0)
She munched little ginger cakes called mulatto's belly and kept her green , somewhat hypnotic eyes fixed on a light-colored male who was prancing wildly with a 5-foot king snake wrapped around his bronze neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't get it why this time I should pull such a stupid trick '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Without any officious and improper interference on the subject , the price of labor or the wages of mechanics will be regulated by the demand for the manufactured article and the value of that which is paid for it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There are reasons for some people not wanting to rent cars and going on the do-it-yourself plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Analyses (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They're stealin' the stock '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Ah , he thought , she's going through the chain of reasoning which says she might really just as well pick up my shorts too . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the Negroes landed at Boston a month later they were , of course , no longer slaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
They saw it before I did , even with my binoculars . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a straightforward denial of the spiritual world and a vigorous defense of pure materialism . (Filtered Words: 0)
With such a dream arising , at least in part , from the Protestant heritage of the United States and built into the foundations of the nation , it is not surprising that many efforts were made to give it concrete expression . (Filtered Words: 0)
The information provided by the electron paramagnetic effects is then discussed , and finally the nuclear effects are interpreted in terms of various motional-modified models of the Af bond in Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
But after the doctor's return that night Alex could see , from the high window in his own room , the now familiar figure crouched on a truly impressive heap of towels , apparently giving its egg-hatching powers one final chance before it was replaced in its office by a sure-enough hen . (Filtered Words: 0)
So they stayed quiet and hung not on what he said but on how he said it , not listening exactly , but rather , feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our understanding of the solar system has taught us to replace our former elaborate rituals with the appropriate action which , in this case , amounts to doing nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not simply giving a repetition of the program it gave during its New York engagement earlier this season , but has brought back many of the numbers that were on the bill when it paid us its first visit and won everybody's heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three methods for determining the dimensional restorability characteristics are established for those textiles which require restoration by ironing or wearing after laundering . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apples come from a farm in Vermont where they are not sprayed . (Filtered Words: 0)
They move only in accordance with what is in their natures . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was probably one of Kipling's tales of the British Army . (Filtered Words: 0)
For what we propose , however , a psychoanalyst is not necessary , even though one aim is to enable the reader to get beneath his own defenses -- his defenses of himself to himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
This leads one to conclude , as you have , that there is inevitably more prestige in a management position in the minds of our people '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Weakness in leadership . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sail was still unfurled , though there were a good many holes in it , as [FILTERED] had predicted would be the case by now . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , this difficulty is not too serious if it is realized that a surveying team can establish a true north base line with a few days' work . (Filtered Words: 0)
All could help the President make his decision . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cycle of disaster starts the moment they touch any belonging of ours , and dogs them unto the forty-fifth generation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The flood is not as great -- only 700 a week according to one apparently conservative account -- but it is symptomatic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plank the sides first , using glue and one-inch , No. 12 Stronghold nails at all battens , the stem and the transom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make them show their hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Emptied the bottle . (Filtered Words: 0)
we cover each of these with our blanket of peas and then at last we have octillion peas corresponding in number to the atoms in the body . (Filtered Words: 0)
For what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He paced forward unsteadily , leaning too far back , his head tilted oddly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even people . (Filtered Words: 0)
The value of place-names in the reconstruction of early English history had long been recognized . (Filtered Words: 0)
House throws wild (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Senators unanimously approved Thursday the bill of Sen. [FILTERED] of Dallas authorizing establishment of day schools for the deaf in Dallas and the four other largest counties . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Suppose that the minimal polynomial for T decomposes over F into a product of linear polynomials . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of the older experimental work on respiratory infections was accomplished by very artificial procedures . (Filtered Words: 0)
One afternoon during a cold , powdery snowstorm , Fogg took off for Concord from the St. John field . (Filtered Words: 0)
The road to a guaranteed-neutral , coup-proof Laos is today almost as difficult as warfare on that nation's terrain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Denials were of motions of dismissal , continuance , mistrial , separate trial , acquittal , striking of testimony and directed verdict . (Filtered Words: 0)
I looked at her in amazement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Educational policy in the United States has as an explicit goal the maximization of economic and cultural opportunity . (Filtered Words: 0)
During its flowering in the sixth to the eighth centuries , Mahayana offered a supernatural package to the Chinese which bears no resemblance to the highly digested philosophical Zen morsels offered to the modern Western reader . (Filtered Words: 0)
( cf. Rapoport , 1959 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
His hands were swinging at his sides , and he passed through the dingy market place with his back straight and , pivoting on his heel , he entered an old stone building . (Filtered Words: 0)
Logically , it should be moved downtown . (Filtered Words: 0)
The southward route was the classic run in California , and the most fashionable . (Filtered Words: 0)
He emphasized to the Presiding Elder the plan of giving up the old church and moving across the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
A shadowy couple who call themselves [FILTERED] , bookseller , and wife , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
But when these expectations are once too often ground into the dust , innocence can falter , since its strength is according to the strength of him who possesses it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last year the Congress discontinued its previously imposed minimum personnel strength limitations on the Army Reserve . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 34 arrows , denoting onset age plus completion age deviations , have been arrayed in an Onset sequence which begins with girl 18 who had the earliest Onset of the 34 girls . (Filtered Words: 0)
You should -- smack ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The Commission shall , as soon as possible , and in the order of the making of such awards , certify to the Secretary of the Treasury and to the Secretary of State copies of the awards made in favor of the Government of the United States or of nationals of the United States under this Title . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus' inert body would be passive , his eyes closed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gasoline and automobile tires were rationed commodities . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a business man I have to use the telephone constantly , from three to four hours a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunate for the music itself , it is not too frequent a visitor ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The marked distances are parallel to the respective yarns . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a concessionaire runs the cafeteria , keep an eye out for quality and price . (Filtered Words: 0)
and moreover , he had already begun to broaden and simplify the facet-planes of Analytical Cubism as far back as the end of 1910 . (Filtered Words: 0)
An hour before , with the children asleep and nothing but the strange darkness , he would have appreciated company . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' , [FILTERED] went on , `` [FILTERED] was an up-and-coming young man . (Filtered Words: 2)
Or are the eyebrows more like this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
How stupid to give his position away . (Filtered Words: 0)
A team feels something . (Filtered Words: 0)
Richardson glanced to sea and started slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
She has a pretty bad cold '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What factors condition the degree of realization at various times and places ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And the ussr existed as the revolutionary experiment in radical socialism , the ultimate exemplar . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second need is better field techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was going to be dangerous . (Filtered Words: 0)
The typical appearance of these various mechanisms is illustrated in Figs. 2 , 3 , and 4 , which are single frame enlargements of high speed movies taken during the course of the knife removal process . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , who kept reiterating her request that they `` please take a stand '' , said , `` We must have faith in somebody -- on the local level , and it wouldn't be possible for everyone to rush to a school to get their children '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Good . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ate breakfast in a sullen mood , but afterwards , when he walked out onto Virginia Street , he felt braced . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drop both hands to the floor and at the same time kick the right foot up in back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet , I responded , could not similar things be said about the art of the past ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] had told him to deliver his package in person . (Filtered Words: 1)
This year-to-year decline for Dallas County closely follows the national trend -- estimated sales of domestic cars in the U.S. for first three months of 1961 were about 1,212,000 or 80 per cent of the total in the first quarter a year earlier . (Filtered Words: 0)
What additional roles has the scientific understanding of the 19th and 20th centuries played ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As a matter of fact , we prize the diversity among our own people so much that we will not presume to speak for all other American artists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Placing missiles in submarines , on barges , railroads , highways , surface vessels and in the air provides them with passive protection by taking advantage of the gravest weakness of long-range ballistic missiles today -- the extreme difficulty of destroying a mobile or moving target with such weapons . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have done all this for the freedom of the individuals concerned and also for the states which have been threatened by Communist domination . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next day he was gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in the case of moving targets , and targets which have limited mobility , what will their location be when it is time to destroy them ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the frame are two sets of bars which interact with each other to prevent the operator from making dangerous moves . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Carwood didn't tell you that '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
I just want you to take a message to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The measured powder density of the Af used here was about Af , approximately one-third that of the crystal density ( Af ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
And both in their objectives of non-discrimination and of social progress they have had ranged against them the Southerners who are called Bourbons . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A shorter word is . (Filtered Words: 0)
The , (Filtered Words: 0)
To save time , some clarification seemed necessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fragrance and taste of any white wine will die a lingering death when it is allowed to warm or is exposed for long to the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until tangible and mutually enforceable arms reduction measures are worked out we will not weaken the means of defending our institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other trotted over and swooped at the tiny puddle . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the police arrived , they found [FILTERED] and the two lawyers sitting and staring silently . (Filtered Words: 1)
As things stand now , the local and the ecumenical tend to compete with each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
never seemed as if it could happen to you ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no question as to just what is available . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gilborn remembered Conrad's exact words . (Filtered Words: 0)
The answers to questions such as these certainly depend to some extent upon the educator's own social-class position and also upon his social history , as well as upon his personality and what he conceives his mission to be as an educator . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever satisfaction that might offer . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. John 3 : 3 , 5-7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Liberals and conservatives in both parties -- Democratic and Republican -- should divorce themselves and form two independent parties , [FILTERED] , nationally known labor-management expert , said here yesterday . (Filtered Words: 1)
Suppose what's-his-name got a sunburn ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Helva asked , politely . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fear of punishment just didn't bother him . (Filtered Words: 0)
His statistical record that year , when Texas won only one game and lost nine , was far from impressive : he carried the ball three times for a net gain of 10 yards , punted once for 39 yards and caught one pass for 13 yards . (Filtered Words: 0)
got [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Let's move '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She would sometimes even get a little hard on you , she took you so seriously . (Filtered Words: 0)
nothing remains the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
It also permits Fromm to do some dubious things with empirical findings . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked very different from Johnnie -- in fact , he looked sort of like me . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked , as he often did , and I had as often let him be on the tractor beside me . (Filtered Words: 0)
From where I sit it looks more like a nightmare . (Filtered Words: 0)
They've found some sort of new evidence , a bundle of clothes or something , and it must link the kid even stronger to the crime . (Filtered Words: 0)
To you , for instance , the word innocence , in this connotation , probably retained its Biblical , or should I say technical sense , and therefore I suppose I must make myself quite clear by saying that I lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before I was legally entitled , and in fact by oath required , to hand it over along with what other goods and bads I had . (Filtered Words: 0)
The study comprised 16 male patients , ranging in age from 27 to 72 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where do I go from here ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 Af but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the **yl point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lincoln was historian and economist enough to know that a substantial portion of this wealth had accumulated in the hands of the descendants of New Englanders engaged in the slave trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taxpayers residing or traveling in Alaska are also allowed this extension of time for filing , but those residing or traveling in Hawaii are not allowed this automatic extension . (Filtered Words: 0)
The usual U.S. norm would be : Af Middle pitches , slight pause ( juncture ) before mother , slight rise at the end . (Filtered Words: 0)
A notable example of this was the discussion of Christian unity by the Catholic Archbishop of Liverpool , Dr. [FILTERED] , and the Anglican Archbishop of York , Dr. [FILTERED] , recently appointed Archbishop of Canterbury . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] shook his head . (Filtered Words: 1)
The project is currently supported by Harvard University . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let this be denoted by Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blanche knew something must be causing Stanley's new , strange behavior but she never once connected it with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But the quest for such an index goes on ceaselessly , with all manner of investors and speculators participating , ranging from the sedate institutional type virtually to the proverbial shoe-string operator , all seeking doggedly , studiously , daily -- and often nightly -- for the enchanting index that will foretell the eternal secret : Which way will the market move -- up or down ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The President , in a special message to Congress , tied in with his aged care plan requests for large federal grants to finance medical and dental scholarships , build 20 new medical and 20 new dental schools , and expand child health care and general medical research . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a grunt , curiously inarticulate , like that of an animal in pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will forever be a baseball mystery how a team will suddenly start hitting after a distressing slump . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matsuo had faked death and was pitched on a stack of corpses , both the burned and the unburned , the latter decomposing rapidly under the tropical sun . (Filtered Words: 0)
He moved the flights over against one wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only the vain and incurably sentimental among us will lose sleep simply because foreign peoples are not as impressed by our strength as they ought to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great `` sea to the westwards '' was a dead end . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : lambs (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though I have always had a genius for `` throwing myself '' into every role and `` playing it for all it's worth '' , no actress can be expected to do her best work when her fortune , her reputation , her livelihood , her home and her nation itself are all imperilled . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it might give way shortly to another vexing issue -- that of finances in state government . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 360 degrees of horizon it obscured only a degree , no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
He added that he also stresses the works of these favorite masters on tour , especially [FILTERED]'s First and Fourth symphonies , and [FILTERED] der [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED]'s Sixth -- which is rarely played -- and Seventh . (Filtered Words: 4)
Wage-price policies of industry are the result of a complex of forces -- no single explanation has been found which applies to all cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There goes our grub an' ammunition '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no valley like this on your map . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other interpretations present the music as an essentially intimate creation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Press the side pieces of clay into cavity of mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this is not the real problem ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A portable electric heater is advisable for shelters in cold climates . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sorry , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
They are able to sit more patiently with what they have bought . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is on them alone that the future of their race depends , for all their relatives ( mothers , husbands , brothers , and unmated sisters ) have perished with the arrival of the cold weather . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` One of my boys '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Glaze with two coats of clear or transparent matt glaze . (Filtered Words: 0)
Halfway up the staircase she stopped and sat down . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked off to the crest of the Sierras , still white-topped ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There will be no women aboard the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Funny thing '' , Mr. [FILTERED] said , when they were seated , `` when I heard you ringing , I figured it was that guy down the block , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Lookout Mountain , Tennessee ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Just a few centuries ago the world of spirits was as populous and real as the world of material entities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contact (Filtered Words: 0)
Defends [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
I shall continue to urge the American people , in the interests of their own security , prosperity and peace , to make sure that their own part of this great project be amply and cheerfully supported . (Filtered Words: 0)
We would like to do that too '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American public must be presented with the facts concerning VA hospitalization . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the composer uses a favorite device of his , the intensification of the mood through key relationships . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Tell me more about them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was wounded , but fought on . (Filtered Words: 0)
The door swung open , and Jess said sourly , `` What the hell's the matter with you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
However , a major factor in binding dirt is the attraction between surfaces that goes under the name of Van der Waal's forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , an uncompromising Garrisonian ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Such systems are expensive and are oriented geographically . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See Chapter 10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wisely decided that it would be foolish to create a disturbance during the coming roundup , particularly since the Mexicans were on their guard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
They piled into the waiting cars , motors roared , the cars sped off . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hydroxazine hydrochloride . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was said that the [FILTERED] plotted to take over the entire [FILTERED] newspaper empire one day by means of various coups : the destruction of editors who tried to halt his course , the unfrocking of publishers whose mistakes of judgment might be magnified in secret reports to Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Why not put a cafe in each so the tourists would not have to travel too far to eat ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Rexroth uses many of his early poems when he reads to jazz , including many of his Chinese and Japanese translations ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
These were the ones Keith sought out -- the loners , the ones who killed for the joy of it , like himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The air smelled warmish and foul . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s rifle cracked . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is a killer sub -- that is , a hunter of enemy subs . (Filtered Words: 0)
For it is the family that , in China , has always provided social security for the indigent , the sick , the down-and-out members of the clan . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1952 , it will be remembered , the G.O.P. without positive program campaigned on the popular disillusionment with liberal leadership and won overwhelmingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the first month , rates are considerably less , averaging only about $60 a month for most 4- and 5-passenger models . (Filtered Words: 0)
A baby was burned to death and two other children were seriously injured last night in a fire which damaged their one-room Anne Arundel county home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Catherwood , an architect in New York , had been forgotten , like [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] reconstructed their lives as one reconstructs , for a museum , a dinosaur from two or three petrified bones . (Filtered Words: 2)
Doyle cannot undertake to reply to inquiries . (Filtered Words: 0)
he wasn't going to allow himself to be led meekly to the slaughter . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt more cheerful , as if I had had a part in bringing her through to a greater tolerance of herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , however , is sufficient to show that more or less non-violent resistance and economic conflict ( if both sides are strong enough ) can be war of all against all no less than if other means are used . (Filtered Words: 0)
So sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
In her first song she waved away one encroaching photographer who dared approach the throne unbidden and thereafter the boys with the cameras had to unsheathe their 300 mm. lenses and shoot at extreme range . (Filtered Words: 0)
A careful search failed to show occlusion of any of the mesenteric vessels . (Filtered Words: 0)
So simple , in fact , that it might even work -- although [FILTERED] , now , in her new frame of mind , was careful not to pretend too much assurance . (Filtered Words: 1)
But he got ahead in business : on leave from his job to an important Washington assignment during the war ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What time was it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
From all this we can now see that two streams of development run through the history of twentieth-century American folklore . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the light of those events , there appeared to be a real danger that Premier [FILTERED] might overreach himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
They dug up a speech he had made two years earlier as a Congressman , decrying the more than two hundred statues , monuments , and memorials which `` dot the Washington landscape as patriotic societies and zealous friends are constantly hatching new plans '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Madden explained that he was thinking of an application sent directly to Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He intimated that they weren't doing the country much good in the Cold War . (Filtered Words: 0)
With respect to items such as these the provisions of section 381(c) , viewed in historical perspective , suggest a rule requiring survival , whether the items are beneficial or detrimental to the surviving corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
but all too many observers have been misled by this fact into minimizing the degree of change which took place in the early first millennium . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , executive director of the New Hampshire State Planning and Development Commission , and [FILTERED] of General Electric Company . (Filtered Words: 2)
Failing to find what was wanted , as was most likely , check out other guests , with special -- but not exclusive -- attention to those with rooms on the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Belgians also placed great emphasis on education . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had a hard voice , too , this time . (Filtered Words: 1)
He will not curb his instinctual desires but release the energy within him that makes him feel truly and fully alive , even if it is only for this brief moment before the apocalypse of annihilation explodes on earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside his window bloomed a beautiful summer day . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said he wanted very much to listen . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he had any worries , it was only the small ones , about Mother in New York , and his daughter Edwina and what she might be doing at this hour , with her Aunt Asia , in Philadelphia . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know it's not part of the bargain , and your elders might not like it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These publications replaced the U. S. Naval Medical Bulletin , published continuously from 1907 through 1959 , as well as the Navy's Hospital Corps Quarterly and the Bulletin of the U. S. Army Medical Department , published from 1922 to 1949 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the laws of the various states , in general , specify the situs of property , i.e. , residence or domicile of the owner , or location of the property , the exceptions regarding boats , airplanes , mobile homes , etc. , seem to add to the uncertainty of the proper origination point for assessment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't waste any $.10-a-minute time on green lumber to save $.03 a stud (Filtered Words: 0)
For a moment she thought of answering with the truth but she knew there were men who shied away from virginity , who demanded some degree of education in body as well as mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Defends [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
In itself there is nothing wrong with this form of `` participation '' : the only difficulty on the Catholic campus is that those faculty members who are in a position to implement policy , i.e. , members of the religious community which owns and administers the institution , have their own eating arrangements . (Filtered Words: 0)
The remedies have been many and varied -- attempts to teach management techniques -- either in plant , at special schools , or in university `` crash '' courses -- provision of management-trained assistants or associates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clean greenware . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] held nothing but their fingers . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` [FILTERED] ( sore ankles ) should be ready . (Filtered Words: 1)
Avoiding runaway technology can be done only by assuring a humane society ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Shoals of tourists went by her in national groups -- English school girls in blue uniforms , German boys with cameras attached , smartly dressed Americans looking in shop windows . (Filtered Words: 0)
reagents . (Filtered Words: 0)
And as the waves flow back and forth and merge with the waves from the neighboring atoms , you can put on a magic hearing aid and you hear music . (Filtered Words: 0)
Methyl polysiloxanes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its people are agreeable friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We must keep the bloodstream of New Jersey clean '' , the former Superior Court judge said . (Filtered Words: 0)
They can hire a horse and go ski-joring behind him , or move out to Oak Hill , where there's a lift . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite the 45-degree weather the game was clicked off in 1:48 , thanks to only three bases on balls and some good infield play . (Filtered Words: 0)
On April 17 , 1610 , the sturdy little three-masted bark , Discovery , weighed anchor in St. Katherine's Pool , London , and floated down the Thames toward the sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
I admire the English lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's time you began to think on God , Stephen . (Filtered Words: 0)
How many women had longed for the privilege that was hers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first piece is glued and screwed to the frames and transom and the piece butted between frames one and two . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turning quickly toward Elaine , Nick saw that she , too , stood in shocked surprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
The smaller the particle the further it will travel downwind before settling out . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I fear explanations explanatory of things explained '' , he said , leaving the biter bit -- and bitter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The double-step type (Filtered Words: 0)
If communications work , his decision would be instantly known in all command posts that would originate the actual go order . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dance (Filtered Words: 0)
He may call himself a anaprapath , a physiotherapist , an electrotherapist , a naturopath , a sanipractor , a medical cultist , a masseur , a `` doctor '' -- or what have you . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to imitate an opponent when he has made the mistake of his life would be a new high in statesmanlike folly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The birds were really awake now in a colloquy of music , and light was beginning to creep across the room , touching sill and door , table and chair and all of Doaty's flowers in their artificial blossom and leaf . (Filtered Words: 0)
Antisubmarine warfare does not involve clashes between large opposing forces , with the decision a result of a single battle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take into account the difference in city and county taxes , insurance rates , utility rates , and the cost of travel to work . (Filtered Words: 0)
With respect to items such as these the provisions of section 381(c) , viewed in historical perspective , suggest a rule requiring survival , whether the items are beneficial or detrimental to the surviving corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
She gave a little pout and said , `` I don't get off work until eleven o'clock . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is rubbing him with snow . (Filtered Words: 1)
the hemoglobin was 10.6 gm. . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a vast difference between the community of reconciliation which the New Testament describes and the community of congeniality found in the average church building . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many small bones protruded crazily from the shreds of flesh . (Filtered Words: 0)
It resembled nothing I'd ever seen before . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take away [FILTERED] statue . (Filtered Words: 1)
He saw the land with a stranger's eyes , all the old familiarness gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , short of fleeing to Warrenton , Virginia , or Rockville , Maryland , white people may have to live with Negroes . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one said a word . (Filtered Words: 0)
While the method of interviewing a small number of companies was appealing because of the opportunity it might have furnished to probe fully the reasons and circumstances of a company's practices and opinions , it also involved the risk of paying undue attention to the unique and peculiar problems of just a few individual companies . (Filtered Words: 0)
But everyone I met had sought cover first and asked questions later . (Filtered Words: 0)
Princess [FILTERED] , Prince Souvanna Phouma's young daughter , read the Princes' statement . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] and I had been innocent in our love , and that was the way I wanted to keep it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Backstage was tomblike by contrast . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I made you what you are '' , Gavin whispered . (Filtered Words: 0)
far from it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Deliberately , she ignored the yelp . (Filtered Words: 0)
The titles he could read easily through the criss-crossed wires : works on theology , astral physics , history , biology , political science . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many spectators will be occupying seats and vantage points bordering Lafayette Square , opposite the White House . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alec waited a moment , on guard . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is still the sometimes complex problem of helping campers choose the best equipment for their individual needs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten minutes early . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Springfield's in tomorrow '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
or to Lancaster , Pa. , the center of the Pennsylvania Dutch country ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hope you don't mind '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Threat of closing the cannery is a recent one . (Filtered Words: 0)
To be on the safe side I never let [FILTERED] get out of my sight day or night . (Filtered Words: 1)
Students have been using electric computers and high speed movie cameras during the study . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone shouted at him , `` Well ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But I would never have thought of it myself '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had returned to the pension a week ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the volume standpoint , the total market represented by the sign industry is impressive . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only performance which was too soft for me was that of [FILTERED] , but since someone had to become the victim of despoilers , just to emphasize that such things do happen at these fracases , I suppose this was the attitude the part called for . (Filtered Words: 1)
The tortured reasoning that unions use to deny their ambition to exercise monopoly power over the supply and price of labor is one of the things that create a legal profession . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are the only poems that he rearranged as a group between their first appearance ( in Satires Of Circumstance ) and the publication of the Collected Poems . (Filtered Words: 0)
This caution has been particularly noticeable in a tendency of retailers and distributors to shift the inventory burden back on the supplier , and the fact stocks at retail are low in many lines has escaped attention because of the presence of higher stocks at the manufacturing level . (Filtered Words: 0)
they instinctively struggle to keep open a road to the future in their hearts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The kernels of brazil nuts , cashews , coconuts , filberts , hazelnuts , hickory nuts , pecans , walnuts , and pine nuts are predominantly oily . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] already has surpassed his rushing total for his brilliant sophomore season , when he netted 271 yards on 55 carries ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] hesitated a moment . (Filtered Words: 1)
Brain ships were , of course , long past the experimental stages . (Filtered Words: 0)
The government has recognized the dilemma and is beginning to devise some moral education for the schools -- but the teachers often have no firm conviction and are confused . (Filtered Words: 0)
Escalation unto death (Filtered Words: 0)
) 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Esther looked at me . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the policy officer will know that action can almost never be secret and that in general the effectiveness of policy will be conditioned by the readiness of the country to sustain it . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the fourth dimension is a physical concept and not purely metaphysical , through what medium does it extend ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then she jumped to her feet , the elastic phone cord uncoiling like a black snake . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is true that this distinction between style and idea often approaches the arbitrary since in the end we must admit that style and content frequently influence or interpenetrate one another and sometimes appear as expressions of the same insight . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd started a fire and put coffee on , and now was busy at the work board of his chuck wagon . (Filtered Words: 0)
As I slid in beside him he said , `` Some heap , hey ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World -- the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated -- the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America -- the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , [FILTERED] , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , [FILTERED] -- the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art -- the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . (Filtered Words: 2)
They were disappointed by the physical and emotional hurt of premarital sexual intercourse . (Filtered Words: 0)
There would be side-conclusions to be drawn , of course ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But to continue to divorce advanced students from reality is inexcusable . (Filtered Words: 0)
At a nod of his head they let go , turning to cup their ears against the icy slipstream . (Filtered Words: 0)
Editor's note : Reprints of `` Confrontation '' will be included among the material to be distributed to members of the Peace Corps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , with all these qualifications and exceptions , the current dystopian phenomenon remains impressive for its criticism that science and technology , instead of bringing utopia , may well enslave , dehumanize , and even destroy men . (Filtered Words: 0)
Colors of cattle came in for their special names . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was marked by controversy , anonymous midnight phone calls and veiled threats of violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Helva turned her vision back to magnification and surveyed her copy critically . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt no conflict between what I was doing and my strict religious upbringing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The idea of the march pleased her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cady appeared slightly mollified . (Filtered Words: 0)
A suggestion Hypothesis also seems inadequate as an explanation for those who shifted their reactions after they were informed of the possibilities of `` normal '' reactions different from those which they gave . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You'll just have to risk it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] insisted that cavalry could not successfully break up hostile railways , yet Garrard's Covington raid and Rousseau's Opelika raid cut two-thirds of the rail lines he had to break and [FILTERED] lived in mortal fear of what [FILTERED] might do to his communications . (Filtered Words: 2)
The first few days [FILTERED] set his plane down on Towne field back of the State House when the wind was right , and used Wilson flat above [FILTERED] when it wasn't . (Filtered Words: 2)
Nevertheless , she continued to move upward . (Filtered Words: 0)
Compilation of mailing lists (Filtered Words: 0)
And there is only one way for a man to conquer his fears in such a world . (Filtered Words: 0)
I dissent . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm no hero . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What do you want to do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The anti-trust laws inform a business that it must compete , but along completely undefined lines ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When the Congo received its independence in 1960 there were , among its 13.5 million people , exactly 14 university graduates . (Filtered Words: 0)
The work for Commonweal was more satisfying than work for Commentary `` because of the staff's tiptoeing fear of making a booboo '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a work is divided into several large segments , a last-minute drawing of random numbers may determine the order of the segments for any particular performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I had my big job with the double headlights and yards of chrome , the gas people were happy to see me . (Filtered Words: 0)
He selected as Comptroller of Defense , not a veteran accountant , but a former Rhodes Scholar , [FILTERED] , who is author of a study on The Economics Of Defense In The Nuclear Age . (Filtered Words: 1)
They raced and maneuvered for war , swinging their horses in single file and then abreast like cavalry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is ticket chairman and Mrs. [FILTERED] is in charge of publicity . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED]'s excursions into contemporary history were rarely happy ones . (Filtered Words: 1)
What's its name ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I thought that was pretty humorous , but I didn't laugh . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , of course , that label `` controversial '' applied only because he was carrying out the mandate given him by the world organization he headed rather than following the dictates of the Soviet Union . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stranger ignored him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Secretion (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly there would be less anxiety , fewer accidents ( it is the clumsy child who sustains the worst injuries ) , and higher scholastic averages , since alert children work better . (Filtered Words: 0)
The problem must be faced squarely . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Star's Pride-Venus Hanover ) has gone in 2:33 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
In this one sentence , he unwittingly revealed the basic philosophy of the nutrition and psychological programs in operation at the school . (Filtered Words: 0)
A knife would do . (Filtered Words: 0)
very old red wine is often decanted so that the puckering , bitter elements which have settled to the bottom will not be mingled with the wine itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED]'s invitation to the Spanish-born master said , `` We feel your performance as one of the world's greatest artists would lend distinction to the entertainment of our guests '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
( See Source of Data , below , for per capita income data to be used in this step . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be , of course , that such objectives can be pursued consisently with a policy designed to overthrow Communism ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But he came toward me sedately enough , showed me around the counter , offered me a seat inside his office , then walked to a file cabinet and got out my application . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concern they felt for me was such as I shall never forget and for which I will always be grateful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , N is inversely proportional to the radius cubed and in fair agreement with the inverse 7/2 power derived from 1958 Alpha and 1959 Eta data . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish to make Jesus an authentic Jew . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its scope is as broad as the question : What does it mean to live in modern society ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There will be romance and flirtation . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gentleman is a police officer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turn to the right along a narrow street to the tiny [FILTERED] , then proceed along the Via Dei Funari to the Piazza Mattei . (Filtered Words: 1)
The courtyard is magnificently decorated . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I shall call your father ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This has been the aim of the director of the shooting development program , the New York staff of the Sportsmen's Service Bureau , and the SAAMI shooting preserve field consultants since the start of the program in 1954 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she was . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not go through the fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had left after the scuffle ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It began in the morning , and very quickly the hemorrhage was a massive one . (Filtered Words: 0)
In More's Utopia communism is not a means of separating out a warrior elite from the lumpish mass . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh '' , said Mr. [FILTERED] , `` that's fine , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
and for the next nine days , the impact rate was less than Af ( Nazarova , 1960 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hengesbach has been living in Grand Ledge since his house and barn were burned down after his release in 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence , if what is in question is whether in a given theology myth is or is not completely rejected , it is unimportant whether only a little bit of myth or a considerable quantity is accepted ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We decided to leave the third one intact for tomorrow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boils have always been a source of much trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
The survivors emerge on some nice , sunny day in March or April , when the temperature is close to 50-degrees and there is not too much wind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty shrugged slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ideas need to be tested , and not merely by argument and debate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The paper affords excellent practice for students interested in the field of journalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was a contrast even more decisive than a hunger for fact between the Trial in Jerusalem and those in Moscow and New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few days later it was learned that General Howe was planning an attack upon the American camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fools '' , he bayed , `` what do you think you are doing '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] meaning (Filtered Words: 1)
There were tools about but they were neatly kept . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Once , when the editor was just out of the hospital from a gallstone operation , Mrs. [FILTERED] and the mother of the bride went out to his house and fought it out beside his bed . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Look at those bastards '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Detroit ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
yet they supported the [FILTERED] administration which will cost a small state like ours approximately five million dollars ( matched incidentally by a federal grant ) to initiate . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was no implication made that their initial reaction ( absence of an arm-elevation ) was less preferred than the presence of levitation . (Filtered Words: 0)
This bold self-assertion , after decades of humble subservience , is indeed a twentieth-century phenomenon , an abrupt change in the Southern way of existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has surrendered any claims of description in favor of psychological accounts of nothingness , as in [FILTERED]'s system ( 1929 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is every reason to recognize that in the very last years of his life , as we shall see , [FILTERED] did take the drug in carefully rationed doses to ease the pains of his illness , but the exact date at which this began has never been determined . (Filtered Words: 1)
He heard cries from behind him , but he could make out no words . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] ejaculated `` Howsabout my buying us all a nice cold Co-cola , Ma'am '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
He went on to personal bequests , a list of names largely unknown to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
But can we any longer afford the luxury of such smug indigation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
More : On the free world side . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw a dozen or so other outriggers moored there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The horse continued to snort . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , both of Houston , and [FILTERED] of Beaumont seated guests . (Filtered Words: 3)
Ahead there was a stirring of sudden movement at a crossroads . (Filtered Words: 0)
Family Service has helped hundreds of families in this area . (Filtered Words: 0)
All went home happy except the Newport police , who feared that the throng departing at 6:35 might meet head-on the night crowd drawing nigh , and those deprived of their happy hour at the cocktail bar . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may want to include your own regular vacation period if you have one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Search as he might , he could find no place where the Bible spoke of a moment when [FILTERED] could have been alone with Jesus . (Filtered Words: 1)
Without warning , without giving her a chance to prepare for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
When in one letter Jessica informed me that her father did not like the idea of her going out alone on New Year's Eve , I knew for a moment an immense relief ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The students crowded around asking questions , slapping me on the back , and generally being friendly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude . (Filtered Words: 0)
But how little love we give him . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the announcement of a `` special achievement award '' to [FILTERED] ( ( Bill ) Shea , the awards list was completed yesterday for Sunday night's thirty-eighth annual dinner and show of the New York Chapter , Baseball Writers' Association of America , at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel . (Filtered Words: 1)
In fact , a cash purchase of a corporation's stock followed by liquidation might also be an effective way to transfer a claim for refund if the [FILTERED]-Diamond doctrine is not applied to eliminate the intermediate step . (Filtered Words: 1)
The scarred , disfigured wrists of Mr. [FILTERED]' housekeeper are the tell-tale marks of her sinister past , for her master , coolly exhibiting them to his dinner guests , makes a point of the `` force of grip there is in these hands '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He held his arms close to his sides and made himself as small as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Picturing the south (Filtered Words: 0)
In the stands he is lonely and lost , no matter how many are about him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The velocity value used is also open to some question ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Suspicion wasn't new to him at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
His adventurous spirit had waned ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Since 1949 , the St. Louis club has been below on May 1 just four times . (Filtered Words: 0)
organization : (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked the government for two hundred soldiers , who were to be specifically assigned to arrest English traders and disloyal Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
The writer took a class of college students to the state hospital for the mentally ill in St. Joseph , Missouri . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] , your report says that ' our function is investigative and advisory and does not in any way derogate from or prejudice Mr. [FILTERED]'s rights as a staff member . (Filtered Words: 2)
Accordingly , girls 31 , 29 , 33 , 21 , 26 , 13 , 3 , 4 , 14 , 32 , 24 , 25 , 34 , 23 , 6 , 15 , 22 , and 16 may be said to have the `` same schedule '' at Onset and Completion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Birds chirped and chattered in the trees and the sun , all dewy-eyed and soft , caressed her shoulders warmly from time to time . (Filtered Words: 0)
As to our action , let us align ourselves with the purpose expressed by Jesus in the Lord's Prayer : `` Thy kingdom come , Thy will be done , on earth as it is in heaven '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Respondents' opinions regarding negotiated bidding ( Part F of the questionnaire ) 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A `` wet herd '' was a herd of cattle made up entirely of cows , while `` wet stuff '' referred to cows givin' milk . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the point of view of the applicants , less time was wasted in being evaluated -- and they got a meal out of it as well as some insights into their performances . (Filtered Words: 0)
He disliked [FILTERED] on sight , conservative clothes and haircut , smile a shade too earnestly boyish for a man who must be well into his thirties , handclasp too consciously quick and firm . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] had telephoned most of her neighbors in advance , and most of them were ready for her . (Filtered Words: 1)
That day they loafed around , just getting the feel of the city . (Filtered Words: 0)
A blower is essential for the double-wall shelter and for the underground shelters . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't want to be like that , mean and bitter . (Filtered Words: 0)
after the war back to the heir apparency of the steel company . (Filtered Words: 0)
But what is equally impressive is the delicacy and wonderful lyric quality of both the band and [FILTERED]'s baritone sax in a fragile ballad like [FILTERED]'s arrangement of `` Django's Castle '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Key to the puzzles (Filtered Words: 0)
Some clarets do not come into their own until they are ten or fifteen years of age , or even more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now when [FILTERED] has completed four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No. 1 , the professor allows him about a five-minute rest period before starting him on four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No. 2 . (Filtered Words: 1)
See Chapter 38 . (Filtered Words: 0)
With her sharp tongue she'd have cut his pompousness to ribbons . (Filtered Words: 0)
the hoaxes (Filtered Words: 0)
The contraction therefore partakes of the character of a phase transition . (Filtered Words: 0)
If she chose , and in that final decision discarded , what , above all , all of us value , life itself , must she not have risen to her fullest height , and transcending her murky self , felt at last the passion of a great moral decision ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Some 45 frequencies are assigned for use primarily by dominant Class 1 , -- A or Class 1 , -- B clear-channel stations , designed to operate with adequate power and to provide service -- both groundwave and ( at night ) skywave -- over large areas and at great distances , being protected against interference to the degree necessary to achieve this objective . (Filtered Words: 0)
Above all read in [FILTERED] The Last Cannibal Show the old man of the [FILTERED] tribe ( not cannibals ) in central Australia gave to the white man his choicest possession , while the tears streamed down his face . (Filtered Words: 2)
And [FILTERED] was more than three miles away , down an old dirt road that the rain had turned into a quagmire . (Filtered Words: 1)
During the last years of [FILTERED] administration , a red scare developed in our country . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now we grow closer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems clear , from the counter-balanced shape of the series of arrows in Figure 5 that there was about an equal number of early and late Onsets and Completions for the 34 girls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite these facts the question `` : : (Filtered Words: 0)
We face , indeed , what may be a turning point in history , and we must act decisively and wisely . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no sign of Mrs. [FILTERED] at her house on [FILTERED] , Ridgefield , Connecticut . (Filtered Words: 2)
and myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Laurel is gone , my men are gone , [FILTERED] is dead -- and you come to me , to help me . (Filtered Words: 1)
After years of digging , nights and weekends , he put together the big , profusely illustrated book , Of Garryowen And Glory , which is probably the most complete history of any military unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unlike cities and towns , however , they do not have to submit any financial statements to the state Bureau of Audits . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What else could I do ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
After a year in a studio on Sheridan Square , having married an American girl who was a native of Virginia , Helion moved to a village in the Blue Ridge mountains , where he produced some of the most imposing of his abstract canvases . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had caught her coming out of the shack . (Filtered Words: 0)
I grunted , sipping . (Filtered Words: 0)
and finally , the best part of all , simply sit at the plank table in the kitchen with a bottle of wine and the newspapers , reading the ads as well as the news , registering nothing on her mind but letting her soul suspend itself above all wishing and desire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brains and beauty , high position in both the social and intellectual worlds , athlete , fabled lover -- if ever the world was any man's oyster it was his . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey swung and caught the man just to the left of his mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vehicle purchase , assignment , and use policies (Filtered Words: 0)
The couple was married Aug. 2 , 1913 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fresh on his mind were events of the past day when his whole regiment was destroyed in the hills . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked suddenly . (Filtered Words: 0)
In some cases , however , domination of the sex act by one partner can be temporary , triggered by a passing but urgent emotional need . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You Mr. [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
She was forty-nine at this time , a lanky woman of breeding with an austere , narrow face which had the distinction of a steeple or some architecture that had been designed long ago for a stubborn sort of prayer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fads , facts (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I said Quint . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first was a list of fourteen manufacturing companies located in the state of Washington which were personally known to the research team to be active in defense work . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was fantastic to turn from the seven men in shackles to the wardroom , where a class of apprentices awaited him . (Filtered Words: 0)
She glanced around the clearing , taking in the wagon and the load of supplies and trappings scattered over the ground , the two kids , the whiteface bull that was chewing its cud just within the far reaches of the firelight . (Filtered Words: 0)
such composers as Monteverdi , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , with the same goal in mind , had developed styles of recitative sensitively attuned to their own languages . (Filtered Words: 2)
Undertaken by 32 American scholars , under the chairmanship of Rev. Dr. [FILTERED] , former dean of Yale University Divinity School , their studies resulted in the publishing of the Revised Standard Version , 1946-52 . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You're missing the point '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has been on previous Newport programs and was one of the sensations of last year's afternoon concerts . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the point of view of syntactic analysis the head word in the statement is the predicator has broken , and from the point of view of meaning it would seem that the trouble centers in the breaking ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That is not true . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they have 4 to 6 leaves and are thrifty little plants , it's time to set them out where they are to remain . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
How differently Prokofieff's life unfolded . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Associations sponsor many traditional campus events and provide students with opportunities to form new friendships , to broaden their interests , and to engage in worthwhile service projects . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] hardly looked at him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The aimless milling about of what had been a well-trained , well-organized crew struck [FILTERED] with horror . (Filtered Words: 1)
This may be of overriding importance in considering military objectives . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They're a-coming ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
As Broadway itself becomes increasingly weighted down by trite , heavy-handed , commercially successful musicals and inspirational problem dramas , the American theatre is going through an inexorable renaissance in that nebulous area known as `` off-Broadway '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had used his rumpled shorts as the very image of his childishness , his lack of control , his general male looseness , while she remained cool , airy , and untouched , the charming teacher who disciplined an unruly body . (Filtered Words: 0)
The blast damaged , but did not destroy the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
The photochemical exchange occurs with a quantum yield of the order of unity in the liquid phase at 65-degrees using light absorbed only by the Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contrast trim provides other touches of color . (Filtered Words: 0)
The slit breeches had to go . (Filtered Words: 0)
Go back where you can bring no harm , or I will go and get the old man from his bed so he can see your shame '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The roof of the command post began to buckle . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it is to this problem that the Republic ultimately returns . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned back from the stairway and looked at her . (Filtered Words: 1)
What was perhaps more important than his concept of the nature of history and the historical method were those forces which shaped the direction of his thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
This restates the already widely known facts in terms of prosodies . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you will pardon , I think it would be better if not . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] looked at the pair of them . (Filtered Words: 1)
They were even better than those of Tokyo -- more spectacular and more imaginative . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simple elongation has been treated in detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Looming over all , Papa-san leered down at him , threatening a hundred hidden malevolencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes a burst of aggressiveness will sweep over a man -- or his wife -- because he or she feels age creeping up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Greg slammed his throttle to the fire wall and rammed up the RPM , and the engine responded as if it had been waiting . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , `` Hi '' , to her cats , and added that proper cats met their humans at the door . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the end we ran into Communist artillery fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now listen to that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The expense and time involved are astronomical . (Filtered Words: 0)
In town no one paid much attention to an occasional shot ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The best protection would be on the ground floor in the central part of the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bomb Berlin ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Whenever he laughed it was all he was doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was mean : quietly mean , and bitterly , unfunnily sarcastic . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was established in a couple of buildings in the shopping district , with only a few professors , but all eminent men , and a few hundred eager students housed in nearby dwellings . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It always comes in threes '' , she sighed heavily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mono-unsaturated fats have room for two more hydrogens on each molecule , and the poly-unsaturated fat molecule has room for at least four hydrogens . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've been that far half a dozen times . (Filtered Words: 0)
Agents that are known to cause frequent infections among laboratory workers such as those causing Q fever , tularemia , brucellosis , glanders , coccidioidomycosis , etc. , belong in this category . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only when that term is ended and he is a private citizen again can he be permitted the freedom and the courage to discount the dangers of his death . (Filtered Words: 0)
Planning division (Filtered Words: 0)
When he came to Baltimore , he was leaving a team which was supposed to win the National League pennant , and he was joining what seemed to be a second division American League club . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our lifeboat was filling rapidly and despite what I had heard of the inhabitants of Eromonga , I was glad to see a long and graceful outrigger manned by three bronzed girls glide out of a lagoon into the open sea and toward our craft . (Filtered Words: 0)
The highly important Dyer patents on the sliding gear transmission were held by the A.L.A.M. pool . (Filtered Words: 0)
Figures seemed to crouch in the surrounding dark ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His face was flushed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now it would have another death . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than 36 other big Navy ships are no less than a day's sailing time away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why are you trying to worry me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There are more stems per item in Athabascan , which expresses the fact that the Athabascan languages have undergone somewhat more change in diverging from proto-Athabascan than the Yokuts languages from proto-Yokuts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wasn't the report official enough ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The enterprising program is heard Saturday afternoons on radio station [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It ran , this apocalyptic beast , on two thin legs , and its wings -- were they feathered arms ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Remove all other loose pieces and file the edges of the basic frame smooth . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it would only be for a couple of weeks -- until they get straightened out '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fifteen minutes , then ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The great ultimate ends of religion have served as magnificent beacon lights that lured people toward them with an almost irresistible force , mobilizing energies and inducing sacrifices ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Distribution of virus antigen (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no confirmation of such massive assaults from independent sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
To overcome this unfair judging , the A.K.C. requires that a licensed Handler be present to judge the Class . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was copious in his praise of those that served food that was good to eat . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nor crazy relatives . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is this site available ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His conception proved workable but slower and it enabled his enemy to make clean , deft , well organized retreats with small materiel losses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unemployed older workers who have no expectation of securing employment in the occupation in which they are skilled should be able to secure counseling and retraining in an occupation with a future . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gives a wide flare to the pecs , causing them to flow dramatically upward into deltoids and dramatically downward into the serratus and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
B (Filtered Words: 0)
Toys he has can be made to act as substitutes for family temptations such as refrigerator and gas stove . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are four rather obvious ways to reduce or eliminate the vulnerability of aircraft on the ground : (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd be an idiot to let them stay he thought , but he couldn't send them on , either . (Filtered Words: 0)
It isn't like you . (Filtered Words: 0)
9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They started on the 4th hole , a 220-yard par-3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each year these shows have increased in entries . (Filtered Words: 0)
The crowd of 32,589 had only two chances to applaud . (Filtered Words: 0)
Skopas expressed no curiosity over the case , offered no expression of sympathy , made no move to escort McFeely to the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
One young man , exhilarated to the point of insanity by liquor and the excitement of the moment , performed a perfect swan dive out of the stands at the Yale Bowl during the Yale-Army football game , landed squarely on his head on the concrete ramp below , and died at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
This possibility is anything but reassuring . (Filtered Words: 0)
Knead on lightly floured board and roll out to form a Af-inch rectangle . (Filtered Words: 0)
I tried to quiet Nadine because the children were there . (Filtered Words: 0)
the sounds made by these organs were , therefore , dissimilar . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great black leopards . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gals can sun themselves in the roomy aft cockpit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scientists assume that cholesterol ( from the Greek chole , meaning bile , and sterios , meaning solid ) is somehow necessary for the formation of brain cells , since it accounts for about 2% of the brain's total solid weight . (Filtered Words: 0)
As [FILTERED] has remarked : `` The critical methods of the nineteenth century shattered most of this picturesque narrative . (Filtered Words: 1)
Seigner , however , is a fine actor and probably the busiest man in the company ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This was my second day in Vientiane , the administrative capital of Laos , and my thoughts were none too brave . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I truly smelled blood , death , heaps of corpses everywhere '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jess stiffened . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gave it the name of Protestant philosophy of Progress . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Uh-huh . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is the former Miss [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
When the phone rang he answered it . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They supplemented their income by small government assistance , by tutoring and economizing wherever they could . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let me quote him even more fully , for his analysis is important to my theme . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had a hard voice , too , this time . (Filtered Words: 1)
I had had no wedding ceremony , no witnesses , no certificate of marriage , but I had all the joy that goes with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] can ride in the forward cockpit where the helmsman has a clear view . (Filtered Words: 1)
He clutched the staff , and his dark eyes blinked apologetically . (Filtered Words: 0)
He succeeded almost too well , because once she rose as if to charge , and he half wheeled his horse -- he was within fifty feet -- but she sank back . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd have to sell out my business to pay her off with her share . (Filtered Words: 0)
His collaboration with Washington , begun when he was the general's aide during the Revolution , was resumed when he entered the first Cabinet as Secretary of the Treasury . (Filtered Words: 0)
The consequence of this is that the girls at Brooklyn College outnumber the boys and do somewhat better academically . (Filtered Words: 0)
He concluded that the anaconda's maximum length is 12 or 13 ( perhaps 14 ) meters , which would approximate from 39 to 42 feet ( 14 meters is slightly less than 46 feet ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to the penalties provided in Title 18 , United States Code , Section 1001 , any person guilty of any act , as provided therein , with respect to any matter under this Title , shall forfeit all rights under this Title , and , if payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had come to Chicago from New York early in September with a dramatic production called Ask [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
These have to do with property rights , municipal official attitudes and a host of others . (Filtered Words: 0)
You're up against it anyhow . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know where he is , right near here . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll probably attack at dawn '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Can't let you go way from me again '' He closed his eyes , ashamed of his tears . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he had left , I could never remember whether he had poked them in their middles , laughingly , with a thick index finger or whether he was merely so much the sort of person who did this that one assumed the action , not bothering to look . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] were the last to leave . (Filtered Words: 2)
But after all , why should they ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As one approach to doing this , Figures 3 and 4 have be constructed from the mean ages and the individual onset and completion ages for boy 34 and girl 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
About 40,000,000 people participated in boating in 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cross-section of a normal lower human leg is shown in [FILTERED]. 8 with the various parts labeled . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet during the same period there were 1,080,062 additions . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A serious problem accompanying the technical-ladder approach is the difficulty of clearly defining responsibilities and standards of performance for each level . (Filtered Words: 0)
The probable answer is that it will do so just as long as Russia can exercise a veto in favor of chaos and until young African nations wake up to the truth that out of false pride they are visiting ruin on Central Africa . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` We Democrats must resolve our issues on the test of what is right and just , and not what is expedient at the time '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If , however , we are seeking the optimal R-stage policy for a given feed state , only one search for a maximum is required at the final step . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are some clubs which claim they learned something about pitching to him last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The soil is common to all men . (Filtered Words: 0)
The notion of philosophy as [FILTERED] may fit well with authoritarian modes of political ideology , but it has been noted that the price of such an imperial notion of philosophy is the frustration and flagellation of the social sciences . (Filtered Words: 1)
Washington , Aug. 4 (Filtered Words: 0)
better to give an asinine answer than none at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
She saw me and sat down beside me , three feet away . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the average situation about one-third of those visited make commitments to Christ and the Church . (Filtered Words: 0)
Processing urethanes (Filtered Words: 0)
They had come not to admire but to observe . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't much care if she were there or not . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wore a long double-breasted coat of a heavy material , dark trousers , and black boots with buckles . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can't leave the party ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And in its engineers' frantic attempts to achieve maximum dynamic impact and earsplitting brilliance , the recording sounds as though it had been `` doctored for super-high fidelity '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , when one has asked whatever became of old [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] when one has inquired who it was [FILTERED] married and where it is they now live when questions are asked and answered about families and children , and old professors when the game and its probable outcome has been exhausted that does it . (Filtered Words: 3)
Tap the `` A '' pieces 2-56 . (Filtered Words: 0)
That courtyard picture with the same initials '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Traffic was pretty heavy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The governor wrote Miss Grant that he has been concerned for some time `` with the continuous problem which confronts our local and state law enforcement officers as a result of the laws regulating Sunday sales '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then there was the General kissing his wife . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girlish voice was nearly a whisper . (Filtered Words: 0)
If I ever committed suicide , she thought , I would dive straight down from here -- and no one would find me for days . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wasn't sure there were such people anywhere in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was kneeling to tie his shoelaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
It does show one feature of the system that has not been previously described . (Filtered Words: 0)
Paint continuous lane stripes and install overhead directional lights as on our bridges . (Filtered Words: 0)
This nondrying oil , however , is now more in demand than ever before as a fine lubricant , as a constituent of fluids for hydraulically operated equipment , and as a source of chemicals to make plastics . (Filtered Words: 0)
See illustration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both sides agreed that the theater must stand a moral test , but they could not agree on whether the poets were a good or a bad influence . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it was the custom of that alert colony to take over the property of persons asking for protection , this was an act roughly equivalent to throwing open the door to a pack of wolves and saying `` Come and get it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last couple of years the Bears management got the business from the `` Living Room Athletic Club '' when games were cut off . (Filtered Words: 0)
I remembered , too , the jesting voice of a classmate , [FILTERED] : `` But how do they reproduce , Dr. [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
You're beautiful , beautiful , beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have no reason to fear failure , but we must be extraordinarily patient '' , the assistant secretary said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Treasury arrives at substantially the same conclusion , but skirts the problem of section 203 of the United States Code . (Filtered Words: 0)
The games were over , this was life . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The true way to immortality lay through obedience , but man did not believe this . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the wall of this square there are delightful bas-reliefs of musical instruments . (Filtered Words: 0)
The student newspaper , The Emory Wheel , as early as the fall of 1954 called for desegregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
These area reports will be followed , according to present plans , by a summary report , which will include a detailed statement on methods . (Filtered Words: 0)
Emission spectra indicated Af calcium and all other impurities much lower . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would not carry a brief case . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not to assume that his work was without merit , but the validity of his assumptions concerning the meaning of history must always be considered against this background of an unprofessional approach . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mobile forces are required to localize and attack detected targets , since the systems are not capable of pinpointing a target . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who had ruled the town with his six-shooter for the last six months , certainly had no intention of relinquishing his profitable dictatorship . (Filtered Words: 1)
Photos of Conference Rooms and the General Assembly Hall can be made when these rooms are not being used for meetings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proof (Filtered Words: 0)
Halfway across the house , he could have smelled her morning perfume . (Filtered Words: 0)
One doctor made a careful survey of his patients and the reasons for their troubles , and he reported that 40% of them worried about things that never happened ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Did he know something that made him feel sad and sorry for her ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The day-watch platoon commander , Lt. Rinker , was calling out the beat assignments , but [FILTERED] couldn't make the names mean anything . (Filtered Words: 1)
a tiny cake of ice . (Filtered Words: 0)
I mean I've got to -- to see to the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Lived alone here for three years , before any man came . (Filtered Words: 0)
To an extent , the two even look alike . (Filtered Words: 0)
The CTCA distributed a khaki-bound songbook that provided the impetus for spirited renditions of the selections found therein , plus a number of others whose lyrics were more earthy -- from `` Johnny Get Your Gun '' to `` Keep The Home Fires Burning '' to `` Mademoiselle From Armentieres '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is the point '' , [FILTERED] reports the Pakistanis as asking , `` in demanding an Islamic state and society if no one , not even the doctors of the sacred law themselves , can say clearly and succinctly what the nature of such a state and society is '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
However , it seems axiomatic that the government has an obligation `` to exercise its mandate reasonably , equitably and with full regard for the disruptions which it inevitably causes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] , seeming with effort to shake himself from lethargy , spoke . (Filtered Words: 1)
Figs. 7 and 8 give all pertinent dimensions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The interesting thing about Mr. [FILTERED]'s approach , and the approach of the contributors to The Agreeable Autocracies ( Oceana Publications , 1961 ) to the situation of American civilization , is that it is concerned with comprehending the psychological relationships which are having a decisive effect on American life . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I guess it helps '' , I said , paying no attention to his ribbing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matthew 18 : 21-22 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not even certain the shot had been fired from either hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
What we need is to get back to the group , to learning and apprenticeship , to the cafe and the school '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his minor way [FILTERED] was perhaps more typical of his era than [FILTERED] was , for he was but one of many young men who laid waste their talents in these Scott Fitzgerald days for the sake of earning space in the newspapers . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` How The Kooks Crumble '' features an amusingly accurate take-off on sneaky announcers who attempt to homogenize radio-TV commercials , and `` The Watchers Of The Night '' is a veritable waking nightmare . (Filtered Words: 0)
According to Friends , the unit was organized by [FILTERED] , a former World War 2 , commando who is vice president and general manager of the telephone company . (Filtered Words: 1)
The death of [FILTERED] , oldest of the [FILTERED] brothers , famed operators of baseball , football and race track concessions , revived again the story of one of the greatest business successes in history . (Filtered Words: 2)
This , together with a derby hat and horn-rim eyeglasses , gave me the appearance of a Russian nihilist . (Filtered Words: 0)
The steady roll of the drums had sounded behind him as he walked between the endless ranks of the men he had commanded , and each man about-faced and turned his back as the officer approached . (Filtered Words: 0)
The making of distinctions , like the perception of the great distinctions made , is an inordinately difficult business . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] felt capable of capturing the affection of the children , anxious even , since she and Bobbie had had none of their own . (Filtered Words: 1)
I will simply kill you first . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hell you say '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The county , though , seems more interested in those people who don't even try , those who sit and draw welfare checks and line up for surplus food '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This covered , wooden bridge is so closely identified with the first action in the early morning of June 3 , 1861 , and with subsequent troop movements of both armies in the Philippi area that it has become a part and parcel of the war story . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a thousand things to see to . (Filtered Words: 0)
The names on the mailboxes meant nothing to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
We found in Gonzales v. United States , supra , that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a registrant . (Filtered Words: 0)
School teachers , all too unprepared for the job they must do , will need demonstrators . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Because maybe I won't have to wear it always . (Filtered Words: 0)
The consequence of this is that the girls at Brooklyn College outnumber the boys and do somewhat better academically . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside St. Sophia I walked through the flower garden in front of it , with the Blue Mosque ahead on my left . (Filtered Words: 0)
By October the little colony about Fort Douglas ( present-day Winnipeg ) numbered 100 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In brief , the human replaces amplifier Af in Figs. 7-1 and 7-2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
If A is the major axis of an ellipsoid and B and C are the other two axes , the radius of curvature in the ab plane at the end of the axis Af , and the difference in pressure along the A and B axes is Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
others never seem able to enter fully into the life of the classroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just put yourself in Felix's place for a moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The recent history of the Dominican Republic is an almost classical study of the way in which even a professedly benevolent dictatorship tends to become oppressive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Limited interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
You still have your paper hat and you're wearing it , but then , it is an extraordinary paper hat and , in addition to anything else you may be , you are also the sculptor who created that most peculiar dame out in the back yard . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was very stimulating . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lord nodded agreeably . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mary is cheery and gay when her husband comes home in the evenings , and the children's bed-time is frequently preceeded by a session of happy , family rough-housing . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked , in a way that seemed oddly sophisticated , considerate , and yet perhaps partly scornful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Put aircraft in `` bomb-proof '' hangars when they are on the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's leavin . (Filtered Words: 0)
He smiled at her sincerity . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the young people should not even be permitted to see comedies till they are old enough to drink strong wine and sit at the public tables . (Filtered Words: 0)
His music shows a sensuality coupled with an eerie quality that suggest somehow a blood-kinship with Dappertutto in Offenbach's [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The children had to play away from the house ( in the barn loft or the pasture behind the barn ) , to maintain a proper quietness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only once were stalked ciliates found in the mixed liquor . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a foreign car you must wear a cap -- it has a leather band in the back . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has the power to do so but for the most part has left the matter for solution by judges on a case-by-case basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` God's name , what are you to rob the dead with the fight going on '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He really didn't take the offer seriously , but he began to feel uneasy . (Filtered Words: 0)
By dealing with common landscape in an uncommon way , [FILTERED] has found a particular niche in American landscape art . (Filtered Words: 1)
The property included a one-story brick manufacturing building on 8,293 square feet of land . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gap between the ecumenical perspective and the parish perspective appears most starkly in a church in any of our comfortable suburbs . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can get into an argument about fallout shelters at the drop of a beer stein in clubs and pubs these nights . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] continued his pinpoint pitching Monday night as the Bears made it two straight over Indianapolis , 5-3 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Statistically this has represented a loss to the nation , although one must admit that in an individual case the decision in retrospect may have been a wise one . (Filtered Words: 0)
A randomization of `` ups '' and `` downs '' is more likely than ordered `` ups '' and `` downs '' in position ( 3 ) since the hydrogen atoms are well separated and so the position of one could hardly affect the position of another , and also since ordered `` up '' and `` down '' implies a larger unit cell , for which no evidence exists . (Filtered Words: 0)
the serum glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase was 10 units per ml. per min. . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were said to be `` on their heads '' when grazin' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Trevelyan accepts Italian nationalism with little analysis , he is unduly critical of papal and French policy , and he is more than generous in assessing British policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
A deft , hilarious satire on very high French society involving a statesman with two enviable possessions , a lovely young bride and a head containing such weighty thoughts that he has occasionally to remove it for greater comfort . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 . (Filtered Words: 0)
How long has it been since you reviewed the objectives of your benefit and service program ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was sure of this . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was only one possible answer , but [FILTERED]'s horrified mind refused to believe it until he had fed the radar plots of the skiff's course into the computer . (Filtered Words: 1)
The skyline , the bridges , Broadway , and the Staten Island ferry are only a few of the spots to put on your `` must '' list for New York City . (Filtered Words: 0)
( there are no ) literary movements , `` there are only writers doing their work . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You know '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
People talk about `` the law of the land '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sighed and pulled the wet sweatshirt over his head . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a hardy undertaking , and [FILTERED]'s was indeed `` a voice crying in the wilderness '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Robinson doubles again (Filtered Words: 0)
Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only real problem is to devise a plan whereby the owners of the above-water land can develop their property without the public losing its underwater land and the right to its development for public use and enjoyment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though they saw the old-style chemical rockets lift up from the field beyond [FILTERED]'s cabin , they did not make plans to hide among the frozen crop of transmuted flesh . (Filtered Words: 1)
They killed Big Charlie , dumped his body in my rose garden two nights ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't think you've been quite honest , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
and now ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Here are some of the newer items currently available : (Filtered Words: 0)
Our companion was a huge , plain-spoken American sculptor who had been a sixteen-year-old rifleman all across France in 1944 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here and there on work table or pedestal stood a shape with a sheet or a tarpaulin draped over it . (Filtered Words: 0)
On this issue , the President received a detailed report from his U.N. Ambassador [FILTERED] , who had just returned from Paris , and Mr. [FILTERED] asked [FILTERED] to search for a face-saving way -- for both Paris and Tunis -- out of the imbroglio . (Filtered Words: 3)
Mine warfare has in the past been directed against surface targets . (Filtered Words: 0)
That which is born of the flesh is flesh ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A shot or two went wild before Cobb felt something tug at his foot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Particularly was this true as laissez-faire capitalism became the dominant credo of Western society . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Speak to me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But even when the police are honest , they do not trust the private eye . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other crucial matters required constant supervision : labor and all noncombatant troops , whose morale was vital , too ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If you use a fiscal year , a year ending on the last day of any month other than December , your return is due on or before the 15th day of the 4th month after the close of your tax year . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll show you '' , Hearst replied , grinning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then came this decision , which sped the process of gaining equality ( or perhaps hindered it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If Russian pupils have to take these languages , how come American students have a choice whether or not to take a language , but have to face so many exceptions ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Gilborn remembered Conrad's exact words . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three lists of companies were made and used in the study . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Your father didn't mean it , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thereafter he was classified 1-o . (Filtered Words: 0)
he tells stories of the Thousand and One Nights , and conjures up before us the bazaars of Damascus . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just go the hell on '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and he has served our country well as a scientific statesman on international commissions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some persons consider the work on a farm recreational . (Filtered Words: 0)
Present status of irradiation preservation of foods (Filtered Words: 0)
Later in the century the dream again found expression in the lines of [FILTERED] ( 1859-1929 ) , daughter and granddaughter of New England Congregational ministers , in her widely sung hymn , written in 1893 , `` America The Beautiful '' , with the words `` O beautiful for pilgrim feet whose stern impassioned stress a thoroughfare for freedom beat across the wilderness . (Filtered Words: 1)
His name's [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Precise pressure-volume-temperature measurements on corrosive gases are dependent on a sensitive yet rugged pressure transducer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Commonly used electronic devices which are found in practically every hospital are closed-circuit TV and audio systems for internal paging and instruction , along with radiation counters , timers , and similar devices . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hub considered . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the meal , he and his guests went out to inspect the rig ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Moscow radio from the Literary [FILTERED] in English to England : (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You're not to mention my name . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hiding out like this won't get him anything , except more trouble , or a bullet '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A number of considerations suggest that this occurs early in the process . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three thermocouples were placed at different locations in the aluminum disk surrounding the anode holder to determine its temperature . (Filtered Words: 0)
only a fool would think otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spread article on flat surface to required width before measuring length at center . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The man was bent over with his hand on his stomach '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
But each mile westward , she had hated him the deeper . (Filtered Words: 0)
The linguistic and paralinguistic signals of misery are all present in the voice chart for this sentence ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and she walked easily now , and more slowly , until she could see the dark glisten of water beneath her . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that time the second half of the Christian Youth Crusade against Communism will be staged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , he was being queer and careful , pawing about in the drawer and holding the bottle like a snake at the length of his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
As such , one cannot fully understand the thought of the pre-Han and Han periods without knowing the meanings inherent in [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
They adopted a program by which Louisiana was divided into five districts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The announcement that the city would sue for recovery on the performance bond was made by City Solicitor [FILTERED] at a press conference following a meeting in the morning with Wagner and other officials of the city and the PTC as well as representatives of an engineering firm that was pulled off the El project before its completion in 1959 . (Filtered Words: 1)
He came with his son . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Them's the purtiest babes you ever did see , but [FILTERED] gets mighty lonesome . (Filtered Words: 1)
Well , she had not come back to Great Island to be understood , praised or condemned . (Filtered Words: 0)
each succeeding day brought new acts of violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
So [FILTERED] gave up asking , and accepted her reprieve . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fat , hey ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Paint continuous lane stripes and install overhead directional lights as on our bridges . (Filtered Words: 0)
The spectacular Mays , who reaches a decade in the big leagues come May 25 , joined six other sluggers who walloped four home runs in a span of nine innings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once again , there was a negative shake . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the speed and power of the body beautiful he saw before him , Ol' Case wanted No. 7 to be not only the best homerun hitter , but also the best bunter , base-runner and outfielder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now a family man with three children , Fiedler lives in a quiet residential area near the Lockheed plant at Sunnyvale . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could not bring myself to answer that `` some of my best friends are non-propagating mules '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That will fetch the gang and tell the Colonel where we are '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a captain , he said , in the army , and on the train to New York his purse and all his money had been stolen , and would I lend him twenty-five dollars to be given him at the General Delivery window ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey watched him coming with a vision as clean as the glare on the metal sides of the trailer . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had done all the things she had promised herself she would do , but she had not thought of this . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wouldn't matter to a fool like you . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of mankind . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now he wondered if it was worth it , having a screwball for company . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some persons consider the work on a farm recreational . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first piece is glued and screwed to the frames and transom and the piece butted between frames one and two . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- I , too , congratulate the American Legion , of which I am proud to have been a member for more than 40 years , on the recent state convention . (Filtered Words: 0)
Six Bucks over . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] found the rabbi in the room of study , a gentle old man with a white beard and luminous grey eyes , robed in black gabardine with a skullcap on his head . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hold edges together , right side up . (Filtered Words: 0)
They think of themselves as trustees for the entire society and try to serve the entire society . (Filtered Words: 0)
She hadn't seen him since . (Filtered Words: 0)
The left front wheel landed 100 feet away . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had touched her face , truly a noble and pure face , only with a lip salve which made her lips glisten but no redder than usual . (Filtered Words: 0)
If only the latter were true . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they stood about his tent , chaffing each other , exchanging their obscenities , cursing command or weather , he had studied their faces . (Filtered Words: 0)
the aggressive disbelief of those who are romantically lost in a semantic jungle of the word `` Revolution '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When I went to college they begged you to come . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is expected to know about what is going on among the representatives of other agencies who are stationed in his country . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Blanche's defense , it must be said she was unaware of the newborn hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
it can be changed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He went down the steps to the galley and sleeping quarters ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Past , yes , but important . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] brushed at his eyes with his free hand and started down the steps . (Filtered Words: 1)
One of the largest crowds in the club's history turned out to pay tribute to Mrs. [FILTERED] and her service . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Is '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt for my wallet . (Filtered Words: 0)
As Kennan shows , the judgment of the Allied governments about what was happening in Russia was warped by the obsession of defeating Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was that what had given way in me ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But in looking at [FILTERED] against his background in Mississippi and the South , it is important not to lose the broader perspective . (Filtered Words: 1)
Washington , Feb. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
Loss of initiative (Filtered Words: 0)
He said [FILTERED] was a holy man ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The troops must have more than the common quantity of liquor , and perhaps there will be some little drunkenness among them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rep. [FILTERED] of Seminole , sponsor of the poll idea , said that further delay in the committee can kill the bill . (Filtered Words: 1)
In my day the first requirement for a cop was to look like the law , big and tough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shape of the area is also related to the use attractions and needs of the development . (Filtered Words: 0)
and now ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In that moment of vision Adam heard the voice within himself saying : I must not hate him , I must not hate him or I shall die . (Filtered Words: 0)
For in a world as yet unacquainted with the horrors of the mushroom cloud , poison gas was still regarded as the ultimate in hideous weapons . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any needy family living in San Francisco can obtain toys by writing to Christmas Toys , 676 Howard street , San Francisco 5 , and listing the parent's name and address and the age and sex of each child in the family between the ages of 1 and 12 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Harmful drinks (Filtered Words: 0)
The Prosecutor in his opening remarks did refer to `` the germ of anti-Semitism '' among the Germans which [FILTERED] `` stimulated and transformed '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
If Nikita buys a small plot in some modest rural cemetery , everyone will understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Less severe thermal treatment as by blanching or scalding serves to inactivate enzymes . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can't '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
A note making the request was handed to U.S. Ambassador [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A maximum of $600 per year per student would enable many to take training away from home . (Filtered Words: 0)
His words were mostly to himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I knowingly abuse their confidence . (Filtered Words: 0)
When we consider the electronic industry potential for human betterment , the prospect is staggering . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Ill. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Though no longer able to turn out his protoplasmic pen-and-ink sketches ( several old favorites are scattered through the present volume ) [FILTERED] has retained unimpaired his vision of humor as a thing of simple , unaffected humanness . (Filtered Words: 1)
As far as he could see there was no hole to climb through it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Douglass prepared his sample of Af by thermal decomposition of aqueous chromic acid at 300 - 325-degrees-C . (Filtered Words: 0)
Money for its construction will be sought later on but in the meantime the State Hospital board can accept gifts and donations of a site . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have now a quiet city , fewer automobiles , less congestion , and fewer retail customers shopping in center city . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hemorrhage was in the prostate region ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She was mighty good to you past times , an' this'll fetch her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , the six figures of the [FILTERED] you heisted -- four Siamese heads , a black obsidian statuette in the earth-touching position , and a large brass figure of the Dying [FILTERED] on a teakwood base . (Filtered Words: 1)
Was it because she had shown panic ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a man here in town . (Filtered Words: 0)
The world's best golfer , shooting below par , came to the last hole of the opening round of the Los Angeles open with every intention of delivering a final crusher . (Filtered Words: 0)
About 40 per cent of the manufacturing is done at the Dallas plant by more than 200 employes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went on to use objects -- hoops , poles , capes -- which he employed as extensions of the body of the dancer , who moved with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's Mrs. [FILTERED] again '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] will give a dinner on Friday at their home in Beverly Hills to honor Mrs. [FILTERED] , chairman of the Music Center Building Fund Committee , and Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
At the workshop , Mrs. [FILTERED] will discuss `` the board and the staff , librarian-board relationships , personnel policies , how good is our librarian and staff , how good am I as a library board member and how good is our library '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
You may find a conditioner rated by horsepower . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alexander shifted his gaze to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
As Sir [FILTERED] ( how often had he had to play that part , who did not believe a word of it ) , he raised his arm and declaimed : `` Where is my honour now '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Tests have shown that such a device , with a fresh battery , will furnish light continuously for at least 10 days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Man's great superiority over these evolutionary forbears is in the development of his imagination . (Filtered Words: 0)
Resolved that , while we most decidedly disapprove the methods he adopted to accomplish his objects , yet in his willingness to die in aid of the great cause of human freedom , we still recognize the qualities of a noble nature and the exercise of a spirit which true men have always admired and which history never fails to honor . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's your decision '' , said [FILTERED] , holding her face very still , trying to contain the bitterness of her voice as she enunciated her words too distinctly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Miss [FILTERED] is too great an artist to need them . (Filtered Words: 1)
At this time of crisis in our Nation's commuter railroads , a new threat to the continued operations of the New York Central has appeared in the form of the Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad's proposal for control of the Baltimore & Ohio railroads . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You seen him yet '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a main flavoring for halvah , the candy of the Middle East . (Filtered Words: 0)
In southern Europe , between the Israeli Republics and the Icelandic-speaking peoples of northern Europe , was a thin but long stretch of territory called March . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also likes Hampton Hanover ( Titan Hanover-Bertie Hanover ) 2:37 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A gentleman of the old school , Mr. [FILTERED] possessed intellectual power , ample means , and withal , was a devoted Christian . (Filtered Words: 1)
About halfway back Pops groped against a wall and stopped , pulled away two loosely nailed wide boards at one end , and went through . (Filtered Words: 0)
His [FILTERED] observes the golden mean . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each aspired to be a god in human form , but with each it was a different kind of god . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , the apparent stiffening of the industry's attitude in the recent steel strike has a direct explanation in terms of the model here presented . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt nothing further need be said about the servant girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , you could wish for some passion , now and then , but when you look around the world and see the little volcanos of current history which partisan social passions have wrought , you are glad that in these pamphlets there is at least some civilized calm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Special information and guidance about the possible difficulties are still of great value . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only the amethystine python and the anaconda must be excluded for lack or paucity of data . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some churches require more . (Filtered Words: 0)
As far as he could see there was no hole to climb through it . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew it as surely as everybody in Westfield -- that Lucille was a husband stealer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our presidential campaigns provide much debate and argument . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when the situation was so complicated that even Nogaret , one of the principal actors in the drama , could misinterpret the pope's motives , it is possible that Othon and his companions , equally baffled , attributed their difficulties to a more immediate cause . (Filtered Words: 0)
The anaerobic conditions in the existing oxidation pond necessitated examination of other methods for supplying additional oxygen than by sodium nitrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Booby traps to fill the head with chunks of metal . (Filtered Words: 0)
We already have courses covering those problems , and so on . (Filtered Words: 0)
High Standard has introduced a (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus was invented the single thread sewing machine , which Mr. [FILTERED] in partnership with Mr. [FILTERED] decided to bring to Brown & Sharpe with the proposal that the small company undertake its manufacture . (Filtered Words: 2)
He could feel a pulse pounding against the bandages . (Filtered Words: 0)
And even if they stay in resorts part of the time , they might , if the right salesman gets them in tow , develop a yearning to spice the usual vacation fare with a camping trip into the wide open spaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
She didn't turn away from the window . (Filtered Words: 0)
At 12:50 p.m. a ramp was rolled up to the plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout `` The Making Of A President '' Mr. [FILTERED] shows wonderfully well how the pressures pile up on candidates , how decisions have constantly to be made , how fatigue and illness and nervous strain wear candidates down , how subordinates play key roles . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] is opposed in his re-election bid by [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
`` Everybody knows I'm just a harmless , deaf old man who takes to drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] lifted her head and followed the retreating figure , her eyes resting nearly closed on the unself-conscious rise and fall of the rounded hips . (Filtered Words: 1)
Two committees pondered 375 possible [FILTERED] successors , including [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Harvard's [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
Many [FILTERED] in bathtubs . (Filtered Words: 1)
The suggestion is naive . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gasped . (Filtered Words: 1)
In Laos , the picture was almost equally bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
His face was fuller ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She wore grey every day , and white every evening . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is nothing in the Act requiring the hearing officer's report to be likewise turned over to the registrant . (Filtered Words: 0)
they instinctively struggle to keep open a road to the future in their hearts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sound of his head striking the solid wood was an ultimate , sudden-end sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and the Anniston pitcher were pulled away before they even came together . (Filtered Words: 1)
You get ready '' (Filtered Words: 0)
They came out and held their games and races . (Filtered Words: 0)
We first show that the function is single-valued in some neighborhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
At a ceremony in the reception room of Mayor [FILTERED] , the Eagles were honored for winning the championship . (Filtered Words: 1)
The next day I visited International Christian College which has developed since the war under the leadership of people who were interned and who know Japan well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can you visualize being stranded with him on a desert island for years and years and still find him fascinating ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He rose from the chair , took off his coat . (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't see ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude went on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet such is the dramatic power of his writing that the audience is nevertheless left in the grip of the terrible power and potency of that which came over Salem . (Filtered Words: 0)
This rate of increase does not signify anything in itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
He showered , shaved , dressed and went down to the dining room for breakfast . (Filtered Words: 0)
It realized that to admit them was to jeopardize form . (Filtered Words: 0)
The physician led the horses to the stable after a cursory glance at the cringing slave . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result has been neglect , fumbling efforts , or superficial treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know where the car is . (Filtered Words: 0)
For exactly three unpaired electrons the coefficient would be 3.10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hesperus '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
for every grown man ( except a few who were always suspected of being shy on virility ) knew at least the fundamentals of baseball , just as every male American in this era liked to imagine ( or pretend ) that he could fight with his fists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's forget the rules '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the past twenty years the ratio of state-owned automobiles per state employees has varied from 1 to 22 then to 1 to 23 now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twenty thousand world citizens at Stuttgart had signed a petition inviting me to visit their town . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let me illustrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it seems that pressures against him are coming from somewhere -- in the first place from China , but perhaps also from that `` China Lobby '' which , I was assured in Moscow nearly two years ago , exists on the quiet inside the party . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cyclist , a sufficiently commonplace young fellow , is not named but identified simply as `` Life '' -- that and a license number , which Piepsam uses in addressing him . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] A Case Of Conscience ( 1958 ) describes a world hiding from its own weapons of destruction in underground shelters ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
But [FILTERED] was boiling mad now . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] station wagon . (Filtered Words: 1)
He felt trapped in that pattern , in the repetition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mementoes of the Old West recall the days of Wyatt Earp in Dodge City , Nebraska , where present-day cowboys add a colorful human interest note to your vacation shooting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Looming over all , Papa-san leered down at him , threatening a hundred hidden malevolencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
even Christ was baptized by this method . (Filtered Words: 0)
As early as 1928 , however , the [FILTERED] style began to change . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] opposes any widespread relief from a High Court depletion ruling . (Filtered Words: 1)
The savings are not as great , however , as is sometime supposed . (Filtered Words: 0)
As one of them expressed it , `` It has done me a world of good to listen to the naive questions and comments of these not-yet-married people . (Filtered Words: 0)
after completing the payments prescribed by paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) of this subsection , to make payments , from time to time in ratable proportions , on account of the unpaid principal of all awards in the principal amount of more than $1,000 , according to the proportions which the unpaid principal of such awards bear to the total amount in the fund available for distribution at the time such payments are made ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hoag said , `` I didn't send for you , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hardy was not Hardy very often . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' 353 U. S. , at 607 . (Filtered Words: 0)
If A is the major axis of an ellipsoid and B and C are the other two axes , the radius of curvature in the ab plane at the end of the axis Af , and the difference in pressure along the A and B axes is Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's -- cold '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This conception was taken up by the early Church Fathers and by canon lawyers and theologians in the Middle Ages ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She went on : (Filtered Words: 0)
Prokofieff's outlook as a composer-pianist-conductor in America was , indeed , brilliant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Naive of us , maybe , but the results of our impulsive invitations to `` come over next summer and swim in our new pool '' were both unexpected and unsettling . (Filtered Words: 0)
the bridegroom's parents , the Barrett Wendells , who are returning from a winter holiday in Sarasota , Fla. , for the occasion ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought of the tons and tons of flammable fluid beneath his feet and shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
The materials for a double-wall shelter would cost about $700 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dill had come up also . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I appreciate beauty '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take your time with your drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can find it in the papers '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I stalled him off . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Palfrey ever had any doubts about the wickedness of slavery , they were put aside after he received an inventory of the slave property he had inherited . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let Q be a nonsingular quadric surface bearing reguli Af and Af , and let **zg be a Af curve of order K on Q . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fear and relief mingled in his churning emotions . (Filtered Words: 0)
His steps were short and stiff , and , with his head thrown back , his progress was a supercilious strut . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of the releases , however , are recorded at a gratifyingly high level , with resultant masking of any surface noise . (Filtered Words: 0)
The contract called for overhauling of 102 joints . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no idea how much time Budd would give him . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is unceasing pressure , but its sources are immediate . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . (Filtered Words: 0)
It all seemed -- if one could have peeked in at him through one of his windows -- as though this broken-nosed man with the muscular arms and wrestler's neck was merely the caretaker trying his hand at the boss's work . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Arranging for ministerial graduates to spend from 6-12 months as apprentices in well-established churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` On the side toward the horizon -- the southern hemisphere -- it is spring ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As an independent American I considered all who were not for us , and you amongst the rest , as against us , yet be assured that [FILTERED] never ceased to be the friend of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Rector said . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
The upshot of the evening was that I got the address of Pendleton's studio -- or rather , of the studio in which he gave his classes , for he didn't work there himself -- and joined the life class , which met every Tuesday and Thursday from ten to twelve in the morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
His energy was prodigious ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I always imagined I would probably end up marrying a minister or somebody like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beat me to death in front of a hundred people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm lay in his bunk and listened to the sounds of the night on Yancey-6 138 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But as he discovers shortly , on returning among intellectuals obsessed by le culte du moi , his experience of action had also taught him a more positive lesson . (Filtered Words: 0)
These droplets appear to be ellipsoids , and it is mathematically convenient to assume that they are . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately it spared us from the usual spate of silly resolutions which in the past have made Georgia look like anything but `` the empire state of the South '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the data used are from Groth's Chemische [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A spouse employed by a corporation her husband controls , for example , may be entitled to distributions under the company's pension plan as well as to her own Social Security coverage . (Filtered Words: 0)
The play of novel lighting effects also entered into these compositions , whose controlled power and varied activity made them well worth meditating . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inspector nodded , doubting this . (Filtered Words: 0)
the later works were conceived to affirm a way of life for fellow citizens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not to repel injury and uphold and improve pax-ordo means not simply to accept the misshapen order and injustice that challenges it at the moment , but also to start down the steep slope along which justice can find no place whereon to stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would have to climb back down to the street and signal a cop . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Please '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
But by now O'Banion's political pull was beginning to be effective . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Really , Winston . (Filtered Words: 0)
Public relations strategists everywhere , watching the reaction of the German press , the liberal press , the lunatic-fringe press , listening to their neighbors , studying interviews with men and women on the street , cried out : Too much , too much -- the mind of the audience is becoming dulled , the horrors are losing their effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lucky Freight ( Knight Dream-Lusty Helen ) , 2:31.3-:35.3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once in a while they said what a shame it was , with [FILTERED] dying , but they all agreed she wouldn't have wanted it any other way . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I learned that now '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not developing an awareness of the new kind of missionary strategy that is called for as young churches emerge in Asia and Africa . (Filtered Words: 0)
) days at least from instant retaliation -- will defy the Party . (Filtered Words: 0)
But at least it's reassuring to see some teenagers who don't profess to know all the answers and are thinking about their problems instead . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well now , [FILTERED] , you don't have to snap at me '' , Eugenia said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pope Pius the Sixth , at Rome , in April , 1778 , wrote the following : `` The faithful should be excited to the reading of the Holy Scriptures : For these are the most abundant sources which ought to be left open to everyone , to draw from them purity of morals and of doctrine , to eradicate errors which are so widely disseminated in these corrupt times '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mines . (Filtered Words: 0)
and an administrative organization to take the routine load away from department managers and project engineers as much as possible , thus allowing them more time for strictly technical work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wisely , the [FILTERED] has brought [FILTERED]'s `` Tartuffe '' on its tour and has left `` The School For Wives '' at home . (Filtered Words: 2)
I have little information on the anaconda's rate of growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Illinois about 13 per cent of the schools have programs , and in Pennsylvania 11 per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Captain Jan must you go inside [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
And Nadine insisted that her sitters be reliable ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The statements may be highly prejudicial to my client '' , Bellows told the court . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was not sure what effect it would have , but that was really beside the point when you got right down to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sort out the next move . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , however , has created yet another problem for himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I guess he spent the morning getting himself all organized , then headed for home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exactly 2 times ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Kyoto is the ancient capital of Japan and still its cultural center . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Mustangs don't play this week . (Filtered Words: 0)
The socialist environment , it was stated , had cross-fertilized these two extreme seeds and was about to produce a new plant and fruit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , if you want to throw all caution to the winds and rent an Imperial or Cadillac limousine just for you and your bride , you'll have a memorable tour , but it won't be cheap , and it is not recommended unless you own a producing oil well or you've had a winner in the Irish Sweepstakes . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a marked tendency for religions , once firmly established , to resist change , not only in their own doctrines and policies and practices , but also in secular affairs having religious relevance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shade trees , too , are a big help , so keep them if you can . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , an admirable Georgian whose delightful correspondence is preserved in the Georgia Department of Archives and History , liked to tease his wife in his letters . (Filtered Words: 1)
Looking back I saw a gray-haired man getting out of his halted car and trying to read our license number . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't think anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Didn't you have an old pair of painting overalls in the garage ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Faith Constable had accomplished much in a quarter of a century . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , the wallpaper strips themselves seem to be pushed into depth by the lines and patches of shading charcoaled upon them , and by their placing in relation to the block capitals ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And the election of President [FILTERED] has attracted new attention to the ethical climate of his home state . (Filtered Words: 1)
The boy jerked away . (Filtered Words: 0)
And there are now many millions of workers for whom the factory with the big parking lot , which can be reached by driving across or against the usual pattern of rush hour traffic and grille-route bus lines , is actually more convenient than the walk-to factory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blockade , in the view of military and civilian experts , could restore teeth to the Monroe Doctrine . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is evidence that it will be happily received by Gov. [FILTERED] and the other constitutional incumbents . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` They won't talk about who gave the information . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time that religion binds the individual helpfully to the supernatural and gives him cosmic peace and a sense of supreme fulfillment , it also has great therapeutic value for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
To be different is to invite shame and doubt ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But it's understandable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same can be said about the half-hearted Cuban invasion mounted by the administration last April , which , we trust , is not symptomatic of the methods to be invoked in holding off the felonious Khrushchev . (Filtered Words: 0)
General [FILTERED] was fresh from a long series of bridge burnings , including the long bridge at Fairmont , and , after seeing a great drove of horses and cattle he had collected safely across the bridge , he sent his men to work piling combustibles in and around it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Time marches on ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
They also called upon [FILTERED] with a request for a look at her passport . (Filtered Words: 1)
Under their rule , earth becomes a technological utopia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hoped-for legislative action on adjustment of the county unit system stands less chance than ever . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a rare fit of anger and spite , I `` farmed out '' my own husband to a small and most undistinguished studio to make one picture as a form of punishment . (Filtered Words: 0)
A visitor to the beautiful little building inquired , `` Do you belong to this church , Mr. [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The [FILTERED] brothers were experienced bridge builders , and against the competition of other , and better known , bridge designers and builders they had constructed nine of the covered , wooden bridges on the [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] a dozen years before , as well as many other bridges for several counties . (Filtered Words: 3)
And there are some positive results , though the final findings will not be known for a long time -- and then further research can be formulated . (Filtered Words: 0)
What more could be asked for a Trial intended to warn the world against anti-Semitism than this opportunity to expose the exact link between the respectable Anti-Semite and the concentration-camp brute ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It usually means a confused and disgruntled tax-paying public for a period of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
So once again Shann had to argue with him about this . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked at each of them in turn , [FILTERED] last of all . (Filtered Words: 1)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
Adam looked at the pot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , as we increase the number of desegregated school districts and schools themselves , how can we achieve this action through school board action ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The feeling was that he would sense an inner core of toughness and determination in the President and that plain talk by Mr. [FILTERED] would give him pause . (Filtered Words: 1)
He licked his lips again . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw the child-face grimace as the head was cut ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Purchasing practices . (Filtered Words: 0)
Repeated attempts to withdraw steroids entirely were unsuccessful because increased muscle weakness resulted , as well as fever , malaise , anorexia , anxiety , and an exacerbation of the anemia . (Filtered Words: 0)
When she returned to life in the big house she felt shriveled of all emotion save dedication to duty . (Filtered Words: 0)
She started to brush the dirt and bits of leaves off her clothes . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some roads , troubles . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You sound like an old woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1707 an earthquake in Japan generated waves so huge that they piled into the Inland Sea ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the earlier sessions there was plentiful discussion on the natural law , which Dr. [FILTERED] of Georgetown University , advanced as the basis for widely acceptable ethical judgments on foreign policy . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I never saw that '' , said [FILTERED] , `` but I '' -- (Filtered Words: 1)
they expired amid indescribable fantods , imploring the Blessed One to forgive their desecration . (Filtered Words: 0)
How much will it cost to do any necessary modernizing and redecorating ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But it didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
Factors responsible for the spoilage of foods (Filtered Words: 0)
He was filled with the spirit of the Fighting Seventh . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' Despite Company threats , duly carried through , to cut off supplies of powder , ball , and thread for fishing nets , about 350 persons stayed in the village . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every night when he wanted a drink of water , didn't he practice being fearless by not turning on the bathroom light ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It seemed as if they were all under a spell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Participation loans are those made jointly by the SBA and banks or other private lending institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
This subject , who has been undergoing psychoanalytic psychotherapy for five years , did not give a positive Kohnstamm reaction under any of the four standardized conditions used in this experiment while sober . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some way '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
set production ( excluding those destined for the export market ) also ran ahead in the early months , but was curtailed after the usual vacation shutdowns in the face of growing evidence that some of the early production plans had been overly optimistic . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is exposited by this observation is not the inherent prejudices of Englishmen but the Anglophobia of Brooks Adams . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were chasing a rain cloud . (Filtered Words: 0)
It still stands as a monument to the engineering skills of the last century and still serves in the gasoline age to carry heavy traffic on U.S. Route 250 -- the old Beverly and Fairmont Turnpike . (Filtered Words: 0)
He doesn't want her to look frowningly at him , or speak to him angrily . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new regime in Turkey is intentionally less Muslim than its predecessor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leaving her house one late afternoon , Mrs. [FILTERED] stopped to admire the October light . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Don't forget to turn it off and close the door good so it'll latch '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A reason for such wide variation in the pulmonary morphology is entirely lacking at present . (Filtered Words: 0)
The parish lives for itself rather than for the community or the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
I cite it as evidence that he did not develop through new styles as he grew older ( as Yeats did ) , but that he simply learned to use better what he already had . (Filtered Words: 0)
But why gymnastics at all ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I have held your papers of manumission since I married Mr. [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
But he left the doors to his office open so he could hear the music . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Urged in 1954 (Filtered Words: 0)
Although federal and city narcotic agents sometimes worked together , Sokol continued , rivalries developed when they were `` aiming at the same criminals '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The winging spread of blue had gone on , calling harshly , into the wood . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Got a lot to tend to , but I'll get back quick as I can '' , he assured her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mass scale used in Table 5-1 was derived on the assumption that the motion of the glowing trail is related to the momentum transfer to the trail by the meteorite , permitting the calculation of the mass if the velocity is known ( [FILTERED] and Whipple , 1958 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , the possible absence of a center of symmetry not only moves the hydrogen atom off Af , but also allows the oxygen atoms to become nonequivalent , with Af at Af and Af at Af ( space group Af ) , where Af represents the oxygens on one side of the Af layers and Af those on the other side . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took a deep breath , and the plunge . (Filtered Words: 0)
The voice came from behind him , and Wilson turned . (Filtered Words: 0)
their rock paths led down to the Hudson . (Filtered Words: 0)
Third , we can offer technical help in the formulation of programs for development which are adapted to the country's objectives and resources . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plane suggested another preparation of Af which we used here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
and now , therefore , do I , [FILTERED] , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode Island and [FILTERED] , proclaim Monday , May 22nd , 1961 , as National Maritime Day , reminding our citizens that American Merchant ships and American seamen are ready at all times to serve our Nation in the cause of freedom and justice . (Filtered Words: 2)
What's that ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What are we going to do with these '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] roared twice and two men dropped , writhing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Would early retirement of non-productive , disabled employees reduce the number of make-work jobs ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the last analysis , though , Wilson had little cause to complain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not necessarily to be off all by ourselves , but away from the crowds and common happenstance . (Filtered Words: 0)
It grew bitterly cold toward the end of November , contributing to the miseries of countless numbers of people . (Filtered Words: 0)
there is no trick involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Already the jonquils were blooming in a flock by the front gate , and the periwinkles were coming on , blue by the porch steps . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
The New England conscience became desensitized . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bend handle ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without warning , without giving her a chance to prepare for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
My answer is in the negative because I believe that total capital demands during the Sixties will continue to press against available supplies , and interest rates will generally tend to be firm at high levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind him billowed a small pungent cloud of smoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are huge areas which have been swept by winds for so many centuries that there is no soil left , but only deep bare ridges fifty or sixty yards apart with ravines between them thirty or forty feet deep and the only thing that moves is a scuttling layer of sand . (Filtered Words: 0)
For any pencil in a plane containing a Af-fold secant of **zg has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in Af lines , namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of **zg and the multiple secant , plus an additional component to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil . (Filtered Words: 0)
Services will be at 30 p.m. Monday at Holman & Son Funeral Home , with interment in [FILTERED] cemetery . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Look at those bastards '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Franklin ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] scanned the skies , the boards , and the skies again . (Filtered Words: 1)
It's not too much to assume that you will have a more lasting interest in paper hats than will Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'll beat it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first time he was harnessed he stood like a gentle old mare ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The time would have been shortly after the murder of Mrs. [FILTERED] and they noticed nothing unusual in his behavior . (Filtered Words: 1)
The power source was a commercial D. C. rectifier . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] excellent chapter on Great Expectations has lately illustrated how fruitfully that novel can be read from such a perspective . (Filtered Words: 1)
The league workers search out the pros and cons of the most complex issues and make them available to the public . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cheer here for [FILTERED] , state treasurer , who will meet with the probate advisory board of the Chicago Bar association , for suggestions on how to handle the opening of safety deposit boxes after somebody dies . (Filtered Words: 1)
Second , if there is ever a perfect time to pull the rug out from under him , it's on maneuvers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The teachers of Mr. [FILTERED]'s school gave me a small gift to thank me for coming . (Filtered Words: 1)
Possible upshots : The company could be denied a deduction for its pension payments , or those payments for the wife and other employes could be ruled taxable to them in the year made . (Filtered Words: 0)
but a Jewish heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
The matter may seem a small thing to some people , I know , but it's a very good start on the road to Totalitarianism The Commission has posted signs in Washington Square saying : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] folded the tissue paper carefully . (Filtered Words: 1)
But the realization has been growing that these are not the complete answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ludie took his slingshot and climbed to the rooftop to shoot at crows . (Filtered Words: 0)
A friend of my father's came to dinner . (Filtered Words: 0)
He waved his arm around at the furnishings . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] folded the tissue paper carefully . (Filtered Words: 1)
call it retarded . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made his way to his host's bedroom where he carefully brushed himself off , neatly arranged his hair , and painstakingly selected his hat from the many on the bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
An interregnum ensues in which not men but ideas compete for existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'll understand -- you might give him sort of a tactful nudge . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the terraces -- eighteen in all -- broad flights of steps descend into the water or onto still more terraces barely above the level of the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
List the kind and quantity of things the farm can be expected to produce in an average year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Biological warfare (Filtered Words: 0)
He may call himself a anaprapath , a physiotherapist , an electrotherapist , a naturopath , a sanipractor , a medical cultist , a masseur , a `` doctor '' -- or what have you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Enough trading stamps were collected to buy a 12-passenger station wagon . (Filtered Words: 0)
C (Filtered Words: 0)
It made [FILTERED] wonder . (Filtered Words: 1)
If I am not to be Mrs. [FILTERED] I am nothing '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since they were hunting for national defense contracts , [FILTERED] , a man of surprising resources , entered the combination as a silent partner because of his political connections . (Filtered Words: 1)
If we go all gooey over this newest [FILTERED] ( until he proves he isn't ) we've got rocks in our heads . (Filtered Words: 1)
When one powerful nation strives to emulate the success of another , it is only natural . (Filtered Words: 0)
rim-fires . (Filtered Words: 0)
Orlick slouches about the forge `` like Cain '' with `` his hands in his pockets '' , and when he shouts abuse at Mrs. [FILTERED] for objecting to his holiday , she claps her hands in a tantrum , beats them `` upon her bosom and upon her knees '' , and clenches them in her husband's hair . (Filtered Words: 1)
Too often a beginning bodybuilder has to do his training secretly either because his parents don't want sonny-boy to `` lift all those old barbell things '' because `` you'll stunt your growth '' or because childish taunts from his schoolmates , like `` Hey lookit Mr. [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
We served our national interests , and by so doing we saved the Guatemalan people the ultimate in human misery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Passage of the sales tax measure would also give [FILTERED] the means to effect a transition . (Filtered Words: 1)
while they move through the pageantry of the ancient incest myth and cover themselves through not-knowing , they reveal the unconscious motive in seeking each other and in the last scene make an extraordinary confession of guilt in the twentieth-century manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dead , dead as a brass door nail , and I sometimes feel like the Sexton , for I'm about the last to be even interested . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Guests stared with horror at Madame Lalaurie and made speedy departures . (Filtered Words: 0)
More often , though , he is so accustomed to submitting to authority on the job without argument that he lives by the same rule at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , any measures taken in peacetime which will decrease force requirements in war will contribute greatly to success when hostilities occur . (Filtered Words: 0)
The change may require different products , pricing , packaging , warehousing , salesmanship , advertising and executive attention -- practically every link in the marketing network may have to be adjusted . (Filtered Words: 0)
whenever [FILTERED] saw her , she tried , without noise or fuss , to give her the warmth she had never had from Myra . (Filtered Words: 1)
The congregation is first and foremost an economic peer group ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Not his poor mother's fault . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter who the candidate for marriage selected by the gapt (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the Czarship had not affected my own sense of social values , but Mother had attained a reflected glory through it , which had opened the doors of Los Angeles-Pasadena Society to her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last two were a red and a black chow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Undoubtedly even the old Southern stalwart Richmond has felt the new wind : [FILTERED] mentions in his latest novel an avenue named for [FILTERED] , a Civil War general , now renamed , in typical California fashion , `` Buena Vista Terrace '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
He did not care . (Filtered Words: 0)
Naval procedure , he thought , had its moments of grim humor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also given are several laboratory wash procedures in general use . (Filtered Words: 0)
He returned to his cell in the county jail , where he has been held since his arrest last July , without a word to his court-appointed attorney , [FILTERED] , or his guard . (Filtered Words: 1)
When he felt the side of his head , his fingers came away covered with blood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , driving the horse and sulky borrowed from [FILTERED] , he felt as if every bone was topped by burning oil and that every muscle was ready to dissolve into jelly and leave his big body helpless and unable to move . (Filtered Words: 1)
One arm represented our bombers and missiles , the other arm `` theirs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no ready answer , as much from surprise as from the fit of coughing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
And women were not expected to know that the pitcher was trying not to let the batter hit the ball . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another reason gymnastic study is valuable is that it can be started very early in life . (Filtered Words: 0)
there was a contorted ugliness now ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That's all I know about it and that's all I care '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I suspect that the old [FILTERED] was referring to change made under military occupation -- the sort of change which Tacitus was talking about when he said , `` They make a desert , and call it peace '' ( `` Solitudinem faciunt , pacem appellant '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No offense intended '' , he said gently . (Filtered Words: 0)
By Nov. 8 , 1958 , weakness , specifically involving the pelvic and thigh musculature , was pronounced , and a common complaint was `` difficulty in stepping up on to curbs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
More profound and more disturbing , however , is the moral isolation of [FILTERED] [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Several other examples : central and satellite (Filtered Words: 0)
for navigation aids to give accurate bearings to ships and aircraft ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
they have both sung these parts here before . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inevitably this means some compromise . (Filtered Words: 0)
and Dr. [FILTERED] , reader in applied mathematics at the Imperial College of Science and Technology , London . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] Blue Angel is the first top local club to import that crazy new dance , the Twist . (Filtered Words: 1)
When I first came across [FILTERED] pronouncement , `` the remedy for the ills of life is palliative rather than radical '' , it seemed to me to sum up the profoundest of political and social truths . (Filtered Words: 1)
while projecting from beneath the couch were a pair of feet which , as Fate would have it , belonged to District Attorney Welch . (Filtered Words: 0)
an amusing character pas de cinq called `` Gossiping Women '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That's why I only put towels on his chest and belly . (Filtered Words: 0)
That done , I told [FILTERED] to take her patient back to bed and again put her out of my mind . (Filtered Words: 1)
but the phenomena observed had such a degree of analogy to those depending on electrical distribution that one could not find the slightest difference . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contact (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirty years' experience let him know , even at this early stage , that Black was his man . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is through them that we have become aware of the divine humanity in man , and therefore , that most people are noble , helpful and good . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] arrived with his family surgeon , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Historical existence is a created good . (Filtered Words: 0)
The place was quiet . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A bullet '' , she answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew that German long-range bombers had been returning to the attack in Italy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Milk and sops '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Adam looked at the pot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parker meant business . (Filtered Words: 0)
We need joint chiefs of a political general staff '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last they saw Calcutta , largest city of Bengal and the Caravan's destination . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can communicate in your own way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Helva's hum then had a curious vibrancy , a warm , dulcet quality even in its aimless chromatic wanderings . (Filtered Words: 0)
This torque causes the entire system to rotate about the **yf axis , since the response to Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
My hotel rooms on the trip were arranged by [FILTERED] and the Japan Travel Bureau and were more elegant than I would have chosen , but it was fun for once to be elegant -- I did explain to the students , however , that this was not my usual style , for their salaries are very small , and it seemed out of place for me to be housed so well . (Filtered Words: 1)
And Zen Buddhism , though it is extremely difficult to understand how these internal contradictions are reconciled , helps them in their struggle to achieve personal salvation through sexual release . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result of the observations is Af where the phase angle , Q , is measured in degrees from new moon and the probable errors include absolute as well as relative errors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conrad's words had intellectual meaning for him only . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was glad to have it there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moderate radiation doses of from 100,000 to 200,000 rads can extend the shelf life ( at 35 F ) of fresh beef from 5 days to 5 or 6 weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purpose of this fourth voyage was clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's a peculiar way to think '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Varlaam is loud , rowdy , uninhibited in his pleasures and impatient with anyone who is not the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something hard grazed his knuckles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] did not at all like the look on [FILTERED]'s regular-featured , almost girlishly good-looking face -- or indeed anything about [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
The big shock everybody had when they found ol [FILTERED] and those others done for . (Filtered Words: 1)
You're the one I was talking to about a monthly rental . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were no words to say this but there was no need . (Filtered Words: 0)
League regularly stands on the side of right (Filtered Words: 0)
The DIOCS , DTF , and DUF statements are used when required by the Input/Output Control System . (Filtered Words: 0)
For an experiment to qualify as a binomial experiment , it must have four properties : ( 1 ) there must be a fixed number of trials , ( 2 ) each trial must result in a `` success '' or a `` failure '' ( a binomial trial ) , ( 3 ) all trials must have identical probabilities of success , ( 4 ) the trials must be independent of each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Likewise , and equally fascinating , is the news that such unlikely synonyms as `` pratakku '' , `` sweathruna '' , and the tongue-twister `` nnuolapertar-it-vuh-karti-birifw- '' all originated in the same village in Bathar-on-Walli Province and are all used to express sentiments concerning British `` imperialism '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is truly odd and ironic that the most handsome and impressive film yet made from Miguel De Cervantes' `` Don Quixote '' is the brilliant Russian spectacle , done in wide screen and color , which opened yesterday at the Fifty-fifth Street and Sixty-eighth Street Playhouses . (Filtered Words: 0)
We want no part in such discussions , because we think them largely futile ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Noticing my disappointment he attempted to salvage what scraps and shreds of authority he felt might still be clinging to his person . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hatless , in an overcoat of rough blue wool , I was given a proud farewell by my mother and father , and I set out into the strangely still streets of Brooklyn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others call it `` alienation '' , and mean by that no simple economic experience ( as [FILTERED] does ) but a deep spiritual sense of dislocation . (Filtered Words: 1)
When 51st Street was reached , [FILTERED] related , he stopped the bus and told the youths he was going to call the CTA supervisor . (Filtered Words: 1)
stifled her lungs so that her breath came in harsh gasps ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dolce Vita get-together boasted a strip tease ( carried as far as a black slip ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It assumes that things are as they seem when they seem best , and when they seem worst it overlooks them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because he interprets the primitive state of man as one of mere potentiality or capacity and believes that Adam and Eve were created as children , Irenaeus often seems inclined to extenuate their disobedience as being `` due , no doubt , to carelessness , but still wicked '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In each case , lines of the bundles are transformed by involutions within the pencils they determine with the multiple secant . (Filtered Words: 0)
For both [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] artistic mimesis , in contrast to the power of dialectic , is relatively incapable of expressing the character of fundamental reality . (Filtered Words: 2)
Some are failing to achieve as much as their ability would permit ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The importance of Rousseau's twist has not always been clear to us , however . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently , Jouvet and Ledoux attempted just these dissimilar approaches in the role of Arnolphe in `` The School For Wives '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was on the verge of tears . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was worth trying . (Filtered Words: 0)
) . (Filtered Words: 0)
It made him a little sick , and he let go of her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty said , `` That's all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes I was aware of people moving about in the darkness . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the nadir of that circuit is death . (Filtered Words: 0)
economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is precisely what happened when the Puerto Ricans arrived in their thousands -- and the bitterness thus caused is , as I write , being fought out all up and down those streets . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] had unmasked him , revealing he had never been a bishop , but was an Anabaptist , afraid to state his faith , because he knew [FILTERED] had written a book against their belief that the soul slept after death . (Filtered Words: 2)
Doaty would never have left her house to a godless woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] broke under the devastating fire , wheeled and retreated . (Filtered Words: 1)
We can soon tell '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He won the Masters , the United States Open and a record $80,738 in prize money . (Filtered Words: 0)
I must remember to warn the girl next to you in Larkspur . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is eminently successful according to all conventional standards . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pretty little twittering WACS said he had the look of eagles -- and [FILTERED] , hating the cliche , had to admit that in this case it applied . (Filtered Words: 1)
It appeals to those who were frustrated in the outcome of the Hungarian situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The uniform fiscal year promotes more careful budgeting and strengthens control over expenditures . (Filtered Words: 0)
and he asked me in perfect innocence , `` Why don't all the Negroes in the South move North '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of his being well liked there were a few people who were very careful about Alfred . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She married our baby boy , [FILTERED] , this summer '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was like a recurrent , annoying dream , but now the dream was beginning to take on overtones of a nightmare . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thank you for the article by [FILTERED] on the public apathy to impudence . (Filtered Words: 1)
He ran for the sick room , found his pistol was broken , and threw it away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our camp was in the center of a wide valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had brushed my teeth , showered , shaved and dressed by the time a waiter wheeled in breakfast . (Filtered Words: 0)
explanation of matching formula . (Filtered Words: 0)
No longer is the United States the only major industrial country capable of providing substantial amounts of the resources so urgently needed in the newly developed countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were strays of every kind -- university students and journalists , Village hangers-on and barflies , taxi drivers and editors and unknown poets , as well as friends like [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and Nathan , [FILTERED] and Hugh Walpole and [FILTERED] , Laurence Stallings , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , Arthur Hopkins , the Woodwards . (Filtered Words: 7)
It was nine o'clock in the morning : the hour which , like a spade turning clods of earth , exposed to the day a myriad of busy creatures that had lain dormant in the quiet night . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the vertex is at Af , and if the interior of C is on the left as one moves in the direction of increasing t , then every such corner can be found from the curve obtained by rotating C clockwise through 90-degrees about the vertex . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's when my evening commences '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The conclusion upon this record is inescapable that such likelihood was proved as to this acquisition . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw Little Billy rise and fire almost point blank and an Indian's face became shattered flesh and bone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cut off excess screw lengths and file flush with either frame or nut . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said he could do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
After only eighteen years of non-interference , there were already indications of melioration , though `` in a slight degree '' , to be sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is no spectator-type experience ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This time [FILTERED] smiled pleasantly at the little head which had grown out of [FILTERED]'s thigh -- a sleeping child's head , covered with light hair on top and with dainty eyebrows over the resting eyes . (Filtered Words: 2)
The arrangement with Argiento was working well , except that sometimes [FILTERED] could not figure who was master and who apprentice . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was jailed and banished . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cattle would drift day and night in a blizzard till it was over . (Filtered Words: 0)
( F ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Foreign aid programs were revamped to give greater emphasis to economic aid and to encourage political reform in recipient nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] , NBS Director , opened the 5-day session with introductory remarks , following which a total of twenty-six papers were given throughout the week by NBS scientists , from both the Washington and Boulder Laboratories . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the Dominican Republic achieves free , democratic government , it will be due in large part to the U.S. show of force that enabled President [FILTERED] to prevent a threatened restoration of Trujillo dictatorship . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sighting a line from the bridge to a small field directly to the side , I pitched the tent that evening on the stateless `` line '' , digging a small trench around it as best I could with a toy spade donated by a neighborhood child . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's my spare bedroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although there is no question but that the process of washing fabrics involves a number of phenomena which are related together in an extremely complicated way and that these phenomena and their interrelations are not well understood at the present , this section attempts to present briefly an up-to-date picture of the physical chemistry of washing either fabrics or hard surfaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
He can't object to that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This question might be settled by comparing the measurement of the actual circumference with the dimensions noted , presumably in Brumidi's hand , above the various sections of his long preparatory drawing , which has been kept . (Filtered Words: 0)
On a misty Sunday morning last month , a small band of militant anti-Communists called the Minutemen held maneuvers in a foggy field about fifteen miles east of here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked the lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s The Walnut Trees Of Altenburg was written in the early years of the second World War , during a period of enforced leisure when he was taken prisoner by the Germans after the fall of France . (Filtered Words: 1)
If anything may be predicted in the quicksilver world of retailing , it seems likely that the suburban branch will come to dominate children's clothing ( taking the kid downtown is too much of a production ) , household gadgetry and the discount business in big-ticket items . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Armed Forces Medical Publication Agency (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a secret . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has frequently refused to move from white lunch counters , refused to obey local laws which he considers unjust , while in other cases he has appealed to federal laws . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , as he always did in the Stadium , played right field to avoid having the sun in his eyes , and [FILTERED] , a rather mediocre hitter who played shortstop for the St. Louis Cardinals , knocked a ball with all his might into the sharp angle formed by the permanent stands and the wooden bleachers , where [FILTERED] could not reach it . (Filtered Words: 3)
Unfortunately , the purely synthetic problem is the rule . (Filtered Words: 0)
the Commission on Race and Housing concluded that `` there is no reason to believe that real estate men are either more or less racially prejudiced , on the whole , than any other segment of the American population '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something had to be done about the furnace , the fuel bills , the washing machine , the doctor and dentist bills , about making money stretch for food , for the mortgage , for taxes , for shoes , for half soles , for overshoes , for clothes , for the new leaks in the roof , for gas and light bills ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Their United States tax returns are due April 16 , 1962 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before deriving this formula , we explain what we mean by `` problems of this kind '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted to show the town what happened to anyone who tried to start trouble '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The view is always toward the past ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Diane loved to dance in the nude , something she was to demonstrate time and again . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Sunday they refused to attend church . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the symbolic name or actual address of an index word or electronic switch appears or is included in the operand of an XRELEASE or SRELEASE statement ( see page 101 ) , the specified index word or electronic switch will again be made available , regardless of the method by which it was reserved . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his novel The House Of The Dead , Dostoevsky tells of his experiences in a Siberian prison camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
One serves society by conducting a business from which a certain number of employees draw their means of subsistence ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hanging the responsible officials would not abolish the government , but would emphasize its accountability for the lives of its individual citizens , which would certainly alter it , and definitely for the better . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mines . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She was mighty good to you past times , an' this'll fetch her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Go on home '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If A-Z could buy Ticonderoga cheaply and use their presses and dies and other equipment , if [FILTERED] could hit precisely the right promotion note , if the money hurdle was not insurmountable . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` (Filtered Words: 0)
Idea is to let these countries earn their way as much as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
They care no more for politics , says Mr. [FILTERED] , than they do for a symphony . (Filtered Words: 1)
The provisions are also designed to avoid disruption in State programs already in operation , which might otherwise result from the allotment of funds on the basis of wealth and population alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll try . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is adept at skeet shooting , trout fishing , Afro-Cuban and Oriental dancing and Southwestern archaeology . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then she said , `` Allons '' , and we got up and went to my hotel without another word . (Filtered Words: 0)
If doubtful about a steak , boldly cut it in half . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had no slicker . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then we drove on , until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields , bouncing across their squat earth walls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then trim the excess . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are , for example , approximately 25,000,000 people in this country with no public library service and about 50,000,000 with inadequate service . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's a little contest [FILTERED] and I have '' , she would begin gaily , carrying the anecdote through a frothy and deceptive course . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her mother also was a person of superior mind and broad interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A real ' nothing ' torso '' , says [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Any time , [FILTERED] '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 1)
For you , readers , are an all-important part of the spiritual experiment that is [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
That kind of poverty was regarded as the exclusive property of the East , which created depressions with their stock markets and their congested populations and their greedy centralization of industries , protected by discriminatory freight rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
His policies had resolved the conflicts that threatened to ignite the cold war and workable solutions were beginning to take shape . (Filtered Words: 0)
Weakness in leadership . (Filtered Words: 0)
You definitely hear some of the instruments close up and others farther back , with the difference in placement apparently more distinct than would result from the nearer instruments merely being louder than the ones farther back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather it is rooted in a difference of response to the threat of social disintegration . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked at the luminous dial of his wrist watch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shea's efforts figure prominently in the new stadium . (Filtered Words: 0)
His duty was to his sovereign and to his nation , and an extension to peoples beyond the territorial boundaries was not to be contemplated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe she will then come to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two of these are in or near Dallas and the others away from the vicinity . (Filtered Words: 0)
He and [FILTERED] settled down to being social leaders , and [FILTERED] managed to look a little more beautiful each year . (Filtered Words: 2)
Not Pedersen's kid neither . (Filtered Words: 0)
Garth brought one out . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , dignified , composed , `` superbly eloquent '' , Mr. [FILTERED] always knew everything about everybody . (Filtered Words: 2)
During the period of about 4 hours around sunset , skywave transmission conditions are building up until full nighttime conditions prevail ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can speak both kinds of Latin , smart aleck '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She's so beautiful , and I do like to keep her looking nice '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] took over with his well disciplined group , a sextet consisting of vibes , guitar , bass , drums , [FILTERED]'s piano and a bongo drummer . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` What else '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the light from the bedside table his father looked so worried that the promise spilled out . (Filtered Words: 0)
It appears possible to set a lower limit of about Af for the activation energy of the abstraction of a chlorine atom from a carbon tetrachloride molecule by a chlorine atom to form Af radical . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The Germans in the fourth century were a very simple race , who comprehended little of natural laws , and who therefore referred phenomena they did not understand to supernatural intervention . (Filtered Words: 0)
The architectural feature , the caryatides upholding the portico , famous around the world as the Porch of the [FILTERED] , was referred to airily by Mando as the Girls' Place . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] will arrive in December also . (Filtered Words: 1)
This was the hut of Simms Purdew , the hero . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the interpretation of these significant investigations , it should be remembered that reciprocal relations exist in the hypothalamus with respect to autonomic and somatic functions which are closely associated with the emotions . (Filtered Words: 0)
To avoid suspicion of bigotry , let the hand of vengeance be stayed until the meat-wagon has picked up the twenty-five thousandth corpse ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s older brother is [FILTERED] , a talented artist and , for the past half-century , one of the world's eminent photographers . (Filtered Words: 2)
It would to me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This carbine ( under $140 , about $15 more for a deluxe grade ) has an 18-1/2-inch barrel and was obviously inspired by the popularity of last year's Model 760 pump with a short-barrel . (Filtered Words: 0)
For if I knew the secret of letting this power in my body change directly into electricity , I could rent myself out to the electric companies and with just the power in my body I could light all the lights and run all the factories in the entire United States for some days . (Filtered Words: 0)
You're going to listen '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who conducted Bonn's [FILTERED] on the following evening , made one more conscious of the process of interpretation . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` We ask the people what they want , and they supply the labor . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew Red and [FILTERED] well . (Filtered Words: 1)
Where in Europe was he going now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What have we to show by way of counter-successes ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know something about Eromonga . (Filtered Words: 0)
The transaction presumably would have qualified under section 368(a)(1) as a contractual reorganization , followed by a section 332 liquidation , but not under section 368(a)(1) as a statutory merger of consolidation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He held the razor well out to one side . (Filtered Words: 0)
To raise the added objection that men require certainty on psychological grounds , answers to ultimate questions having an irrational rather than scientific basis , is in a real sense to undermine the objection itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Growth of the six giants (Filtered Words: 0)
since [FILTERED] had always put most of [FILTERED]'s money on her own back , [FILTERED] suspected that no more than a few of that long row would be needed . (Filtered Words: 3)
But there hadn't been enough time to build it for keeps . (Filtered Words: 0)
The name fell with lazy affectionate remembrance from her lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
International Champion of the year (Filtered Words: 0)
It lay with its head on its paws and only its eyes moving , watching us carefully . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first bridge known to have been covered wholly or in part , -- and perhaps the most interesting one , connected [FILTERED] ( now [FILTERED]port ) with Salisbury Point . (Filtered Words: 1)
It has a fast pace , excellent music , expert direction , and not only a good comedian , but an appealing person in his own right , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
They talked and wrote much about the elemental functions of the body . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its early morning patrons were coachmen , who fortified themselves for the day with that delicacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He bit out the words . (Filtered Words: 0)
Introduction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Caucusing , the liberals decided to go after Colmer , which actually was the more drastic course , since seniority in the House is next to godliness . (Filtered Words: 0)
But no other two phonologic systems are as difficult to disentangle as are tone and intonation in some languages . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You have every right to be '' , I replied gravely in the Manu dialect , but my attention was fixed on [FILTERED] , the biggest and strongest of us . (Filtered Words: 1)
That experience holds a lesson for us all in regard to birth control today . (Filtered Words: 0)
They passed the marmalade , the bread , the black-market butter , back and forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Graceful as his fencing and dancing lessons had taught him to be in addition to the natural grace of his slight , wiry frame , he cut enough of a figure to have evoked a nickname in the college , to which he himself referred in Prolusion 6 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
Ordinary [FILTERED] , armed with a pistol , stood by at the polls to insure order . (Filtered Words: 1)
The only day they `` have a chance to compete with large supermarkets is on Sunday '' , the council's resolution said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Supermatic Trophy ( prices begin at less than $135 and depend on grade and optional features ) is a 12-gauge auto . (Filtered Words: 0)
The work week of attendants who are on duty 65 hours and more per week should be reduced . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Blanche's defense , it must be said she was unaware of the newborn hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a snakestrike motion he grasped the hair , and , twisting , pulled the marine over on his back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sir -- Your editorial , `` Housing Speedup '' , is certainly not the answer to our slum problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
The high cost of land , supplies , and labor make it difficult to farm profitably on a part-time basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
By 1898 , rustling losses had been driven down to the lowest level ever seen in Wyoming . (Filtered Words: 0)
She turned and began to walk toward the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fury and Caper worked in 2:35 and did it with ease . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] , Professor of Assyrian at the University of Pennsylvania , dreamed that a Babylonian priest , associated with the king [FILTERED] , ( 1300 B.C. ) escorted him to the treasure chamber of the temple of [FILTERED] , gave him six novel points of information about a certain broken relic , and corrected an error in its identification . (Filtered Words: 3)
He didn't look like what I thought of as an old man , and his lively and erudite speech made him seem even younger . (Filtered Words: 0)
The intimal surface of the aorta was covered with confluent , yellow-brown , hard , friable plaques along its entire course , and there was a marked narrowing of the orifices of the large major visceral arteries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Panels with outdated copy are returned to the sign shop so a new message can be applied . (Filtered Words: 0)
Profile cutting machines are available which can split foam to any desired thickness and produce sine , triangle , trapezoid , and other profiles in variable heights , dimensions , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strong hands move first ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Classic mythology and Christianity are such architectures of the imagination . (Filtered Words: 0)
Start out fresh , the two of us , like nothin had ever happened '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Queried about the impasse , Allied Arts said : `` Better cancel the Kirov for the time being . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] still has to use rotenone with potatoes grown on the least fertile fields , but he has watched the insect damage decrease steadily and hopes that continued use of compost and leaf mulch will allow him to do without it in the future . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] scrambled to her feet , Stevie agilely retaining his seat . (Filtered Words: 1)
The protein-bound iodine was 6.6 mg. , and the radioactive iodine uptake over the thyroid gland was 46% in 24 hours , with a conversion ratio of 12% . (Filtered Words: 0)
I nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the Bascom was mortally wounded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet adequate compensation -- and particularly merely adequate compensation is no substitute for those intangibles which cause a man to sacrifice part of his earning potential by taking up college teaching in the first place . (Filtered Words: 0)
This picture of extreme self-reliant individuation is difficult to reconcile with such Zendo formulas as : `` O you , demons and other spiritual beings , I now offer this to you , and may this food fill up the ten quarters of the world and all the demons and other spiritual beings be fed therewith . (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional symbols of status are granted , such as reserved parking , distinctive badge passes authorizing special privileges , and a difference in the treatment of financial progress through merit . (Filtered Words: 0)
He laughed and laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He , and Mrs. [FILTERED] , too , had never permitted themselves the luxury of joys that dug into the bone marrow of the spirit . (Filtered Words: 1)
His trading goods came from Canada to the Forks of Red River and from Selkirk's settlement he brought them south in carts . (Filtered Words: 0)
At first each child should do a kick-up by himself so that the teacher can determine those ready to work alone , and those who need help . (Filtered Words: 0)
perhaps that is the [FILTERED]'s equivalent for thrusting this play's characters into our own time . (Filtered Words: 1)
In spite of this , the very large radio reflectors and improved amplifying techniques which are now becoming available should make it possible to observe the radio emission of most of the planets in a few years . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nevertheless , you were its agent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four parties are given a year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shingles were cured by gentian , an old drug , used in combinations . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] silica-glass , another natural glass , is composed of nearly pure silica and has the same trace germanium content as sands in the area . (Filtered Words: 1)
The voice issued from the cavern of the hall below . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thank you for the article by [FILTERED] on the public apathy to impudence . (Filtered Words: 1)
And how right she was . (Filtered Words: 0)
With them , you can carry steaks and hamburgers at refrigerator temperatures , and also get your frozen food for stews and chowders , to the marina or picnic , in A-1 condition . (Filtered Words: 0)
I purposely refrained from adding the usual distinction of saying that he was from the State of Texas . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the strategy of blockade , therefore , that is suddenly at the center of attention of administration officials , Members of Congress , officers in the Pentagon . (Filtered Words: 0)
They may then adjust their positions and movements to avoid too much pressure on the urethra and the anterior wall of the vagina ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For further information , contact Small Business Administration Regional Offices in Atlanta , Ga. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There was , of course , no real need to rearrange everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
rather than teach where teaching was not wanted , they would wash their hands of the mess . (Filtered Words: 0)
A story goes that a certain Herr Feuchtwanger of St. Louis , around 1883 served his sausages ( grilled ) and mustard to his fancy customers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The present proceeding is concerned with the standard broadcast ( AM ) band , from 540 kc. to 1600 kc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although they journeyed westerly as far as Germantown , beyond the Erie roundhouse and the machine shop , and along the Delaware and [FILTERED] , and northward to Brooklyn , below Point Peter , he could see the church spire wherever he looked back . (Filtered Words: 1)
Jump off is tomorrow night when the Packs meet St. Louis in their season home opener . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was aware that when our eyes met we both quickly averted them . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED]'s brother-in-law , [FILTERED] , moved into the dead man's home , the anonymous letter writer took no chances on [FILTERED] taking up where [FILTERED] had left off and wasted no time on a first notice : (Filtered Words: 4)
Austin , Texas (Filtered Words: 0)
See illustration . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is not prepared for it -- naturally , nobody is -- and , what is possibly much more to the point , he is exposed , as few white people are , to the anguish of the black people around him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm telling you , if these corpses ever knew the trouble they put us to , they'd think twice before letting themselves get knocked off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was in the kitchen , as she was watching the kettle , waiting for the water to boil , that he had grabbed for her . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What boat '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll work hard Tuesday , Wednesday and Thursday '' , [FILTERED] said , `` and probably will have a good scrimmage Friday . (Filtered Words: 1)
The idea of the proof is this . (Filtered Words: 0)
By and large , [FILTERED] adaptation of [FILTERED] film , `` The Quiet Man '' , provides the entertainment it set out to , and we have a lively musical show if not a superlative one . (Filtered Words: 2)
He left in a storm for Pocasset , December 4 , 1638 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Officials estimated the annual tax boost for the medical plan would amount to 1.5 billion dollars and that medical benefits paid out would run 1 billion or more in the first year , 1963 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interviewing , checking references , training the salesmen , having them go with more experienced salesmen was expensive -- and the rate of attrition due to resignations or unsatisfactory performance was too high . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over these voluntary agencies , in 1917-18 , the CTCA served as a co-ordinating body in carrying out what Survey called `` the most stupendous piece of social work in modern times '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This delightful tropical fruit has become well-known in the past thirty years because modern transportation methods have made it possible to ship avocados anywhere in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the husband drops the case and returns to his wife , both seem sorry they brought the matter up in the first place . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` On the basis of the facts '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They polished the windshield . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the policy has been chosen , the state of the product can be obtained from the state of the feed by repeated application of the transformation ( 1 ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And let it do its own lawmaking and not leave that to federal judges . (Filtered Words: 0)
in Medfield , perhaps twenty-five less , not all of it paid by [FILTERED] , who could charge off one room on his expense account . (Filtered Words: 1)
There , along the east bank of the Southern Bug , opposite the hamlet of Zhitzhakli a few miles north of the Black Sea , he arrived at General [FILTERED] of the Russian Army . (Filtered Words: 1)
The cubist generation before World War 1 , , and , on a lower level , the surrealists of the period between the wars , both assumed an accepted universe of discourse , in which , to quote [FILTERED] , it was possible to make definite advances , exactly as in the sciences . (Filtered Words: 1)
The market was not far and , once there , the doctor's sense of immediacy left him and he fell into a state of harmony with the birds around him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chinese influence (Filtered Words: 0)
Small antelope were generally grassed with one shot , and the Magnum carbine also bagged reedbuck , kob and wart hog with deadly efficiency ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
cells in the X-region and Y region are reserved as information cells for text forms . (Filtered Words: 0)
she sprinkled common sugar directly on the injury and then bound it loosely with cotton cloth , over which she poured turpentine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why don't you try that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But they deny the values of the city -- the crowded , competitive , tolerant city , the `` melting pot '' which gave off so many of the most admirable American qualities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although economic and personal circumstances vary widely among those now choosing apartments , [FILTERED] , vice president of a hardware manufacturing company , pointed out recently that many apartment seekers seem to have one characteristic in common : a desire for greater convenience and freedom from the problems involved in maintaining a house . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is generally and initially suspicious of any federal project , unless it happens to benefit his Gulf Coast constituents . (Filtered Words: 0)
Livestock must be tended every day , routinely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indication : The long-term trend of turnpike traffic is upward . (Filtered Words: 0)
The future would happen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
So I went to Boston . (Filtered Words: 0)
You're going to need your woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sake . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , this would require a lengthening of the season from thirteen to fourteen weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the greatest obstacles to the achievement of this goal is the lack of trained men and women with the skill to teach the young and assist in the operation of development projects -- men and women with the capacity to cope with the demands of swiftly evolving economics , and with the dedication to put that capacity to work in the villages , the mountains , the towns and the factories of dozens of struggling nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
High-gain , photoelectronic image intensification is applied under conditions of low incident light levels whenever the integration time required by a sensor or recording instrument exceeds the limits of practicability . (Filtered Words: 0)
The deductions allowed in determining Adjusted Gross Income put all taxpayers on a comparable basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Failing this , he would pull alongside at the first opportunity and shake his fist threateningly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was , in fact , showing signs of reviving . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd win hands down . (Filtered Words: 0)
They faced a rather small audience , as quite a few subscribers apparently had decided to forego the pleasures of the afternoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he relaxed that day , Martin realized how tense he had been these past weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where is he '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
An agreeable ease suffused [FILTERED] and the passengers of the tallyho , from which there issued clouds of smoke . (Filtered Words: 1)
Is the consent of the governed a numerical majority ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I guess I better get ready to go '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten after nine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously [FILTERED]'s early years were influenced by his close friend [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Is not the present world crisis a race between things we have created which can now destroy us and between populations of sufficient wisdom and character to forestall the tragedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the `` tide is well on the turn '' , as the London Catholic weekly Universe has written . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was I sure , he asked , that I knew what I was applying for ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The aborigine is not deceived ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The father , by accident or perhaps to show , as he said , `` we mean business '' , took the and fired a slug between the legs of Second Officer [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
So , now what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The K factor , a term used to denote the rate of heat transmission through a material ( B.t.u./sq. ft. of material/hr./*0F./in. of thickness ) ranges from 0.24 to 0.28 for flexible urethane foams and from 0.12 to 0.16 for rigid urethane foams , depending upon the formulation , density , cell size , and nature of blowing agents used . (Filtered Words: 0)
( We do , however , recommend those patented covers to prevent both people and junk -- flora and fauna generally -- from accidentally wintering in the pool . (Filtered Words: 0)
They've got a big vulture from [FILTERED] at the zoo here , with a wife for him , too , very rare birds , both of them , the only Vulturidae of their species outside Africa . (Filtered Words: 1)
As the time for independence approached there were in the Congo no fewer than 120 political parties , or approximately eight for each university graduate . (Filtered Words: 0)
She also builds one or two waxen cups which she fills with honey . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our man stopped dead and glowered at Felix . (Filtered Words: 0)
One is the primary purpose for which marriage exists , namely , the continuance of the race through the gift and heritage of children ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
this aspect of the total picture has been commented upon often enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Papa pointed a scornful finger at the splashing youth : `` Idle recreation '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] after graduation from Brown University and two years of graduate study , accepted a position at the Harvard Observatory . (Filtered Words: 1)
If we break the minister to our bit , we are buying back our own sins . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Some suspensions break up before they are near to the direction of shear , and some become asymptotic to it without breakup . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Kezziah , for Miss Kizzie '' , he suggested . (Filtered Words: 0)
They went into the sun together and paraded grandly in their war clothes , painting their faces with the sacred attis dug far off in the cave of skeletons . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] would hear about it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] made important additions to the arts in screw machine design by drastically improving the means for revolving the turret , by introducing automatic feeding devices for the stock , and reversible tap and die holders . (Filtered Words: 1)
Zinc cadmium sulfide in particles of 2 microns in size were disseminated . (Filtered Words: 0)
So far as the existing body of formal principle and procedure is concerned , categorical novelties are not to be anticipated in Jewish-Gentile relationships ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and to Mrs. [FILTERED] , regional director of The National Conference of Christians and Jews , who asked them to serve as a committee for the fund . (Filtered Words: 1)
This joke was not funny to [FILTERED] , and she blushed , as she always did ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
What's your name , anyway ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I speak of `` the largest possible measure '' because any person who supposes that these conditions can be universally and perfectly achieved -- ever -- reckons without the inherent imperfectability of himself and his fellow human beings , and is therefore a dangerous man to have around . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those named in the Greek paper were manufacturing reasons to steal aft under pretence of some call of duty , so as to be near [FILTERED] , watching an opportunity to communicate with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
But to me innocence is far less tangible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hudson , presiding , heard Juet's defense , then called for testimony from crew members . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , even the most successful executive lives in a two-room apartment while ordinary people rent space in the stairwells of office buildings in which to sleep at night ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The Local Church and Its Program (Filtered Words: 0)
While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i.e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unanimity on Interama is not surprising . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not like Boxell . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are predominantly middle- and upper-class people , and undoubtedly share the values and attitudes of those classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is one approach . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like the recent Scheherazade from London ( High Fidelity , Sept. 1961 ) , it is successful because emphasis has been placed on good musical and engineering practices rather than on creating sensational effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
The replies from each individual town are not given in detail because the questions asked the personal opinion of the several assessors and are not necessarily the established policy of the town in each case . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guttural language from the ghetto stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked gently . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I haven't made up my mind yet '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hanford College , Little Ivy League , had no room for football players with low grades . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And I think you had better leave '' , replied [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
About five minutes later he jumped up , Slate said , and struck the two policemen again . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt good . (Filtered Words: 0)
They could walk , ride on a bus or be driven . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you are dreaming of a blue , shimmering pool right outside your living room windows , close your eyes firmly and fill in the picture with lots and lots of children , damp towels , squashed tubes of suntan oil and semi-inflated plastic toys . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pitch it out . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , he did not think about [FILTERED] at all until he entered his living room and closed the door behind him . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the whole they maintain much the same high standard , but they are much more difficult to discuss in detail because of their wider variety of subject matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly the most provocative plays are all imported originals -- A Taste Of Honey , by Britain's young ( 19 when she wrote it ) [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Until professional planners meet this situation squarely and update the concepts of zoning in a manner acceptable to the courts , I hope we in East Greenwich can continue to shape our own destiny . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seemed too much trouble even to reach for the switch ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It began invariably in low tones , almost conversational , and then gradually worked up to high , shrill appeals to God and man . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was the pursuer as clearly as was Venus in [FILTERED]'s poem . (Filtered Words: 1)
So successful has been this program , worked out by white and Negro civic leaders , that further extensions are expected in the next few months . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You wouldn't want me to say yes without making sure his intentions are honorable , would you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The inner ( anode ) sphere is pierced , elongated into a cup , and terminated by the phosphor screen . (Filtered Words: 0)
For answers to such questions we must turn to the anthropologists , the biologists , the historians , the psychologists , and the sociologists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Waddell muttered something about taking a look around and climbed up to the flying bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nuclear war is already being fought , except that the bombs are not being dropped on enemy targets -- not yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had done all I was going to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] lifted his hand for silence . (Filtered Words: 1)
Examples (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , for the case of squares inscribed in plane curves , we remove the restriction to convexity and give certain other results . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
And then the questions came , eager , interested questions , and many compliments on his having overcome his infirmity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of [FILTERED] the philosopher Whitehead said the Earth's first visitors to Mars should be persons likely to make a good impression , and when he was asked , `` Whom would you send '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Jumping Jerusalem ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Not for a moment do we forget that our own fate is firmly fastened to that of these countries ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I raised my eyes to look at her in the mirror . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not possible to reconstruct fully the arrangements whereby these honors lists were then made up or even how the names that they contained assumed the order in which we find them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The letters of the common soldiers are rich in humor . (Filtered Words: 0)
And although these insights into the nature of art may be in themselves insufficient for a thoroughgoing philosophy of art , their peculiar authenticity in this day and age requires that they be taken seriously and gives promise that from their very substance , new and valid chapters in the philosophy of art may be written . (Filtered Words: 0)
tree branches snapped as she pushed them ruthlessly away from her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Speaking recently in Miami , Governor Rockefeller said that `` to assure the sufficiency of our own weapons in the face of the recent Soviet tests , we are now clearly compelled to conduct our own nuclear tests '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also met [FILTERED] ( born [FILTERED] in Woburn , Mass. ) who was then serving the Elector of Bavaria , and the physicist Ritter ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Wilson stared at her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Extraordinary precautions were taken so that no stranger be allowed in the city and no citizen within the enclosure surrounding the scaffold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , when your 6-inch torrent of water is released , it may cause a lot of comment as it passes through or by neighboring properties . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sake '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's the truth '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This resulted in revisions of the King James Bible in 1881-85 as the English Revised Version and in 1901 as the American Standard Version . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] heading consists of orienting the sensitive axis of the accelerometers parallel to the desired coordinate system of the navigator . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Nonresident aliens living in Canada or Mexico who earn wages in the United States may be subject to withholding of tax on their wages , the same as if they were citizens of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern Westerners have difficulty comprehending this fusion of moral and material , largely because in the West the historical trend has been to deny the connection . (Filtered Words: 0)
A completely amorphous institution would be a contradiction in terms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an understanding , although it must seek to be sympathetic , is not a matter of intuition . (Filtered Words: 0)
It fell to Chancellor [FILTERED] , now a Standard Oil ( Indiana ) executive , to spend his nine-year reign tidying up Chicago after the 21-year typhoon of Idealist [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was a fantastic story . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Suppose you tell me the real reason '' , he drawled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same use of an entirely different word applied for all the other tenses . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Beneath any feeling he has of the good or the evil of the world lies a deeper one of wonder at it all . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a rule , the autistic child doesn't enjoy physical contact with others . (Filtered Words: 0)
that its choreography is undistinguished and its score a shapeless assemblage of self-plagiarisms . (Filtered Words: 0)
I walked into the living room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oxygen transfer (Filtered Words: 0)
In the wide range of experiences common to our earth-bound race none is more difficult to manage , more troublesome , and more enduring in its effects than the control of love and hate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of this , only those with truly fine equipment will be able to appreciate the exact degree of the engineers' triumph . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the original absent sitter must decide whether the statements are meaningful to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he heard it and smelled it -- the steady hissing , the dread , familiar pungency of gas escaping . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of that agreement , though not by any easy road , eventually emerged the present world hegemony of the United Nations ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Zion was surprised when [FILTERED]'s buggy stopped beside her on the pike one early summer day as she was walking home from the country school where she was teaching now that Eph Showers had had a call to preach in some mountain town . (Filtered Words: 1)
We devote a chapter to the binomial distribution not only because it is a mathematical model for an enormous variety of real life phenomena , but also because it has important properties that recur in many other probability models . (Filtered Words: 0)
there is no phrase or image that sounds like Hardy or that is striking enough to give individuality to the poem . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've tried to compromise by letting them take the little car now and then . (Filtered Words: 0)
embassy workers are expected to entertain him according to his whim , frequently with their savings for the children's college tuition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet had he not visited the girl at [FILTERED] he would never have been involved in this latest tangle . (Filtered Words: 1)
Shipping cost is also reduced ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Prior to that he was associated with Long Island University in Brooklyn . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man's eyelids fluttered . (Filtered Words: 0)
A separate research department is , of course , confined to new or future designs . (Filtered Words: 0)
( The best evidence is that he received a monthly wage of about $125 , very good money in an era when top hands worked for $30 and found . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Her '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The attendant waved me on . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same delivery vehicles -- whether they be airplanes , submarines or guided missiles -- should be usable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Napkin holder : (Filtered Words: 0)
269 F. 2d 613 . (Filtered Words: 0)
they universalize in terms of weather , skies , earth , and people . (Filtered Words: 0)
the peonies , whose tight sticky buds would be blighted by the laying on of a finger , although they were not apparently harmed by the ants that crawled over them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He left us . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then there was another sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , he may discover embodied within its texture a theme or idea that has been presented elsewhere and at other times in various ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a common symptom and the cause usually is pressure on the nerve leading to the affected hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or the city can be a graveyard monument to Western intransigence , if that is what the West wants . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lloyd Lewis wrote that when he first knew [FILTERED] in 1916 , Sandburg was making $27.50 a week writing features for the Day Book and eating sparse luncheons in one-arm restaurants . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` [FILTERED] says he was in his office all day with her yesterday . (Filtered Words: 1)
Unsinkable slowed and stopped , hundreds of brilliant white flares swayed eerily down from the black , the air raid sirens ashore rose in a keening shriek , the anti-aircraft guns coughed and chattered -- and above it all motors roared and the bombs came whispering and wailing and crashing down among the ships at anchor at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
They even talked about Lucille down at the Young Christians' League where I spent a lot of time in Bible classes and helping out with the office work for our foreign mission . (Filtered Words: 0)
In deciding on the enterprises to be managed by family labor , compare the amount of labor that can be supplied by the family with the labor needs of various enterprises listed in table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Channing wrote this -- in a letter ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm on my way '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were there at a moment when the situation in Laos threatened to ignite another war among the world's giants . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thornburg knew , better than any of them , that a public image was as fragile as Humpty Dumpty . (Filtered Words: 0)
His father looked him over closely . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are three fins each approximately three inches wide extending the full length of the inside of the wheel . (Filtered Words: 0)
The president who appoints strong men who have an all-college or university point of view and a talent and respect for administration can count on useful assistance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boys were already waiting in the corridor outside my office when I got to Fairview . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reason was to speed up domestic production in the USSR , which Khrushchev promised upon grabbing power , and try to end the permanent recession in Russian living standards . (Filtered Words: 0)
The vast , dungeon kitchens may seem hardly worth using except on occasions when one is faced with a thousand unexpected guests for lunch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Colossians 27 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've got a little stashed for a rainy day , and I guess this is rainy enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cady looked at [FILTERED] , who had taken him up and down for fifteen years . (Filtered Words: 1)
Their cars weren't small enough , they didn't have the power , they were old-fashioned . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cards of permanent out-migrants are , in theory , sent to an office in the place of new residence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Decisions are made (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The actor had had much to drink and apparently became very violent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The recently unveiled [FILTERED] moves to control the international textile market can be significant for American businessmen in many lines . (Filtered Words: 1)
Often , in working out-of-doors under all conditions of light and atmosphere , a particular passage that looked favorable in relation to the subject will be too bright , too dull , or too light , or too dark when viewed indoors in a mat . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was American . (Filtered Words: 0)
( After graduation from the University of Chicago , [FILTERED] taught for two years in the normal school at Valley City , North Dakota , then two years at Princeton ( Illinois ) Township High School . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the inquest she was asked specifically whether she knew anybody her father had bad feelings toward , or who had bad feelings toward her father . (Filtered Words: 0)
The White House itself has taken steps to remove a former Batista official , Col. [FILTERED] , from his preposterous position as interrogator of Cuban refugees for the Immigration Service . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Most often '' , she says , `` it's the monogamous relationship that is dishonest '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Styka shook his head slowly . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was fascinated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What's your name , anyway ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Time is a queer thing and memory a queerer ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
let [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Any attempt to reconcile this statement of the central issue in the campaign of 1956 with the nature of the man who could not conceive it as the central issue will at least resolve our confusions about the chaotic and misleading results of the earnestness of both doctors and President in a situation which should never have arisen . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the field of religious beliefs and values , the college students seem to faithfully reflect the surrounding culture . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the past these same Southerners were inclined to look the other way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sitting in the kitchen I recalled every word Mrs. [FILTERED] said that could have been a sign to me . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I killed a snake ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The lower-middle class college student (Filtered Words: 0)
even the questionable features of the past are defended . (Filtered Words: 0)
had only a hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
An hour of bouncing , a brief stop in a village to inspect a new school or dispensary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Willings undoubtedly had . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now here is truly a marvel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though it was known that the [FILTERED] in the north was now being directed by the young and energetic General [FILTERED] , the commander who would conduct the `` Little Blitz '' on London in 1944 , a major raid on [FILTERED] at this juncture of the war was not to be considered seriously . (Filtered Words: 3)
a billion peas would fill a small house from cellar to attic ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
almost at once a figure bulked up . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But here you are in the palace . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
But one wishes , when the appetite is whetted , as it was in the case of the all-too-brief excerpt from the Blomdahl opera , that further opportunity would be provided both for hearing the works in their entirety and for a closer analytical look at the sense and nature of the compositions . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's [FILTERED] who is our newest Mr. [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
`` We are ready for your next mysterious assignment '' , said Mr. [FILTERED] to the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The tenor lead , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] cast under [FILTERED] are all first rate . (Filtered Words: 3)
However , my principal objection in this sort of novel is to the hackneyed treatment of race-drivers , pilots , submariners , atomic researchers , and all the machine-masters of our age as brooding mystics or hysterical fatalists . (Filtered Words: 0)
or , to put the same thing in physiological terms , that the performance-capacity of the tactual apparatus , from the periphery up to the tactual centers in the brain , -- that is , from one end to the other -- was unimpaired '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A teenage girl , [FILTERED] , is being sharply questioned by her minister uncle , the Reverend [FILTERED] , about a wild night affair in the woods in which she and some other girls had seemed to have had contact with these evil beings . (Filtered Words: 2)
The answer is , of course , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Itching skin , considered `` just nerves '' , was eased by treating with whiskey and salt . (Filtered Words: 0)
He handed the guard's rifle to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the other side are the Celtic survivalists who have taken a tack divergent from both these schools of nineteenth century thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
and now rockets have given it the means to destroy itself in minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
There hadn't been anything really personal in her interest in me . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is hard , on the other hand , to blame the policeman , blank , good-natured , thoughtless , and insuperably innocent , for being such a perfect representative of the people he serves . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result of the State Board of Education plan , Negro children entered heretofore white elementary schools in five districts . (Filtered Words: 0)
From his birch-paneled office in the Laboratory of Physiological Hygiene , under the university's football stadium in Minneapolis ( `` We get a rumble on every touchdown '' ) , blocky , grey-haired Dr. [FILTERED] directs an ambitious , $200,000-a-year experiment on diet , which spans three continents and seven nations and is still growing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Is nothing in this country more sacred than the tourists' comfort ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I dissent . (Filtered Words: 0)
How far the fellowship in most local churches falls below what the New Testament means by koinonia ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The weight of fame and history is formidable , and dreary steel engravings in schoolbooks do little to quicken interest and imagination . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , he thought , might spend some time grieving for her lost lover , but he doubted that she would launch an investigation . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] will never forgive him -- never ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Doctors at the hospital said he was partially paralyzed on the right side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alfred looked straight ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
His expenses ran another four or five thousand . (Filtered Words: 0)
These experiments can be considered exploratory only . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could all be straightened out later . (Filtered Words: 0)
he became [FILTERED] personal assistant at the Cologne Opera , and a year later was promoted to the position of regular conductor . (Filtered Words: 1)
Add ham ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the possible absence of a center of symmetry not only moves the hydrogen atom off Af , but also allows the oxygen atoms to become nonequivalent , with Af at Af and Af at Af ( space group Af ) , where Af represents the oxygens on one side of the Af layers and Af those on the other side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today the yearly import into the United States of locust bean gum is more than 15 million pounds ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For , in accordance with Mr. [FILTERED]'s concept of an advisory board , our selections are made by experienced selectors who give both constancy and consistency to our processes and our choices . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Quit ragging him , [FILTERED] '' , [FILTERED] protested . (Filtered Words: 2)
If I'd been careful it never woulda '' -- he stopped abruptly . (Filtered Words: 0)
A work so broad , even when it is directed by a leading idea and informed by a moral vision , must necessarily `` fail '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has chosen [FILTERED]. 53 in Aj . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Who needs them '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The waspish man stepped forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
I stared . (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine the particular State's unadjusted allotment for the particular fiscal year . (Filtered Words: 0)
they were topped by steeples complete in every detail : high-pitched roof , pinnacle , and narrow gable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] presently has over 130 patents to his credit dating back to 1923 . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is no spectator-type experience ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I was lucky in lots of ways , no doubt about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He promised nearly 200 Democratic county committee members at the meeting in the Puddingstone Inn : `` When I come back here after the November election you'll think , ' You're my man -- you're the kind of governor we're glad we elected ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems to me now , in a long backward glance , that many of the [FILTERED]'s conceits and odd actions -- together with his grim posture when brandishing the hatchet in the name of Mr. [FILTERED] -- were keyed with the tragedy which was to close over him one day . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` It's people of your own kind '' , a girl remarked . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` When that woman found me and told me that you needed me I was never so happy since before the war '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
he sometimes called them `` an expiation '' , and he would not allow them to be published in periodicals . (Filtered Words: 0)
With its power to investigate , the Senate can paralyze the Secretary by keeping him in a state of perpetual testimony before committees , as it did with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Patrolman [FILTERED] , of McClellan Station , said he would recommend a special safety citation for [FILTERED] , 9230 Vernor east , a third grader at the Scripps School , for his assistance in the case . (Filtered Words: 2)
Now we have Af or Af and all four of these operators commute with one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
For almost a hundred years we relied upon state courts ( subject to review by the Supreme Court ) for the protection of most rights arising under national law . (Filtered Words: 0)
So help me God , I'll get him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One old-timer said to sprinkle sugar on a bleeding cut , even when on a knuckle , if it was made by a rusty tool ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She became aware that two Italian workmen , carrying a large azalea pot , were standing before her and wanted her to move so that they could begin arranging a new row of the display . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , the proportion of males ( which leave the nest ) increases , and eventually the old colony will die out completely . (Filtered Words: 0)
She lay under the covers making jabbing motions with her forefinger telling me where to look for the coffeepot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Between individuals , this process is called bargaining . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Tchalo ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
There's no greater catastrophe in the universe , she reflected dourly , impaling tender green beans on the silver fork , than the dwindling away of a family . (Filtered Words: 0)
An oversimplified differentiation between soft- and hard-surface cleaning lies in the magnitude and kind of surface involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
After [FILTERED] became the Greatest Man in the World , for a nation that does not believe in the cult of personality or in careerism , [FILTERED] wrote me a letter in which he said : `` I am not interested in how long a bee can live in a vacuum , or how far it can fly . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` There's a big boat anchored near the Place De La Concorde , with a swimming pool in it -- didn't you notice it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ugh '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is one thing the experiments are designed to find out . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , Gavin , you did '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Variations in sound velocity should be measured rather than temperature , because more of the variables would be encompassed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even as she called to the children , Conchita let her gaze seek [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I could never forget the gaiety with which , when he was both blind and deaf , he let me lead him around his rooms to look at some of the pictures ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
' we tremble not ' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know what you heard that would make you think so , but I assure you I don't even know myself , so how can you be so sure ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps that was the first thing to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
I mean something more like Freud's concept of the utility of `` play '' to a small child : he plays `` house '' or `` doctor '' or `` fireman '' as a way of mastering slightly frightening experiences , reliving them imaginatively until they are under control . (Filtered Words: 0)
Good solid B average with a sprinkling of A's in math and science . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tuesday (Filtered Words: 0)
Looking around slowly , he saw a marble fireplace , a desk , a low bookcase of mahogany with criss-crossed brass wire instead of glass panes in the doors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under this Agreement the first annual review of rice availabilities will be made in August 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charcoal '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Marshal came to know Littlepage quite well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence it follows that the involution within the bundle must be a perspective De Jonquieres involution of order Af and the invariant locus must have a multiple line of multiplicity either Af or Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was safe to assume that Papa , sighing heavily , had said many times to his remaining daughter , `` Thank God your poor mother was spared this '' , and indeed it might be true that it had been easier for Henrietta to leave , with her hand in Charles' hand , just because her `` poor mother '' was gone already and would never know . (Filtered Words: 0)
He may try to phone us '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , she had hated him before she ever saw him . (Filtered Words: 0)
At about the age of twelve I became a [FILTERED]ian liberal , and I have always considered myself a liberal of some kind even though the definition has changed repeatedly since [FILTERED] became a reactionary . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then [FILTERED] , submarine-ball hurler , entered the contest and only five batters needed to face him before there existed a 3-to-3 deadlock . (Filtered Words: 1)
Therefore , the scholar , as he looks at our national folklore of the last 60 years , will be mindful of two facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Regardless of its unadjusted allotment , each State is guaranteed by law a minimum allotment each year equal to the allotment which it received in fiscal year 1954 -- increased by a uniform percentage of 5.4865771 which brings total 1954 allotments to all States up to $23,000,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
We passed his house and school on the way . (Filtered Words: 0)
God in Heaven , I can't refuse you now . (Filtered Words: 0)
U Thant of Burma (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , I begged off . (Filtered Words: 0)
The high heat fluxes existing at the electrode surfaces of electric arcs necessitate extensive cooling to prevent electrode ablation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter , thanking her for the coffee , had winked and muttered , `` Sure 'nuff , honey '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a sort of academic ring-around-a-rosy and you solve it . (Filtered Words: 0)
that the enrollment showed an increase of boarding students as was desired ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But we now find writers obsessed by the nooks and crannies of their ivory towers , and curiously devoted to the growing obscurity and complexity of poetry and non-poetry . (Filtered Words: 0)
our elders stayed in the dark house or sat fanning on the front porch . (Filtered Words: 0)
a little of the `` secco '' came off . (Filtered Words: 0)
and this first section was somehow preserved ( there are always these annoying little mysteries about the actual facts of [FILTERED]'s life ) when the [FILTERED] destroyed the rest . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` I gotta go . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she went to him and pressed herself against his nakedness , smelling the stale odor of the whisky he had stolen from TuHulHulZote . (Filtered Words: 0)
The blue rug had been rolled up and stacked in one corner of the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s alibi was not as solid as it seemed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Reading the Old Testament would have shown the dramatist that the ideas attributed to [FILTERED] were abhorrent to the Jews . (Filtered Words: 1)
His schedule calls for a noon speech Monday in [FILTERED] at the Emerald Empire Kiwanis Club . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not surprisingly , Dr. [FILTERED] says , some recently enlightened wives are out to claim these capabilities . (Filtered Words: 1)
But suppose she had not taken Mrs. [FILTERED]' advice and lived on like thousands of women in towns , dispossessed of love , hanging on to makeshifts , and altogether and finally arid . (Filtered Words: 1)
What is left to traditional systems of philosophy is , in effect , only the history of these fields prior to their becoming rigorous enough to abide by the canons of scientific method . (Filtered Words: 0)
By such innocent actions are human tragedies sometimes set in motion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where their sharp edges seemed restless as sea waves thrusting themselves upward in angry motion , Papa-san sat glacier-like , his smooth solidity , his very immobility defying all the turmoil about him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , much more than customer expectation is determining the realtor's role . (Filtered Words: 0)
He figured his best bet was a call on the sheriff . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the slope's base coils of concertina stretched out of eye range like a wild tangle of children's hoops , stopped simultaneously , weirdly poised as if awaiting the magic of the child's touch to start them all rolling again . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Seven years ago , Commodore '' , [FILTERED] said impassively . (Filtered Words: 1)
He tramped out of the Miners Rest with his hopes plummeting , and headed doggedly for the Palace Saloon , the last place of any consequence on this side of the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
, the patient replied , `` Both , [FILTERED] -- two in one '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The features of his face are distinct , but not fine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matsuo put the bottle to his own lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no limit to what you can spend , yet it is easily possible to keep within a set budget . (Filtered Words: 0)
Richardson glanced to sea and started slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
These courses develop skills other than those we think of when we use the adjective `` academic '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is more difficult with [FILTERED] than with most authors to say what is the extent and what is the source of his knowledge . (Filtered Words: 1)
With regard to the change we are examining , the question is , at what point does the change become irreversible ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
McKenzie , the art editor , took one look at my finished sketch and said , `` Nothing doing , Rufus . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I thought it wasn't supposed to '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later I would remember what this pompous little man had told me about the worth of a ticket . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he is a traditionalist , he is an eclectic traditionalist . (Filtered Words: 0)
If either one ever started making promises , there is no telling where the promises would end . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've got something to say to you , and by God you're going to listen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tension (Filtered Words: 0)
A 24-year-old Atlanta man was arrested Sunday after breaking into the home of relatives in search of his wife , hitting his uncle with a rock and assaulting two police officers who tried to subdue him , police said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The father , accurately perceiving the child's needs , not only respected them as worthy of his attention , but immediately satisfied them by taking him on his lap along with the twins , saying , `` I have a big lap ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Leaving his rifle in the wagon , Tilghman walked up to the door and hammered on it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The incident , aside from reflecting on Welch's political career , had all but wrecked his home life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Avocados , however , are very rich in nutrients . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Shea was born in Manhattan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Display merchandising , backed by pre-selling through advertising and promotion , will continue to make strides in the sixties . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the Rebels it seemed as if [FILTERED] carried tunnels and bridges in his pockets . (Filtered Words: 1)
Skolman wasn't the only one who didn't care for [FILTERED]'s scheme . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , it's a half-mile walk down a steep hill from our house to the bus , and it's too hard on my legs . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think you are being unfair to take these things up now . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were a few reasons for that , too : [FILTERED] had been taken up and exploited by the Communists nowadays . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] not only reveals character through gesture , he makes hands a crucial element of the plot , a means of clarifying the structure of the novel by helping to define the hero's relations with all the major characters , and a device for ordering such diverse themes as guilt , pursuit , crime , greed , education , materialism , enslavement ( by both people and institutions ) , friendship , romantic love , forgiveness , and redemption . (Filtered Words: 1)
Several signers affixed their names , it was learned , after being told that no tax increase would be possible without consent of the General Assembly and that a provision could be included in the charter to have the town take over the Johnston Sanitary District sewer system . (Filtered Words: 0)
and **yb is the angle the resultants make with the plane of the substrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its front was windowless , but irregularities in the masonry might be an indication that windows , now blinded , had once looked out upon the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the purposes of this discussion , the problem of relative prices is encompassed in these two variables , since GNP includes other prices . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The Groth Institute '' , which was established in 1958 , is a group activity affiliated with the Physics Department of The Pennsylvania State University , University Park , Pa. . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is also true that Braque was the consistent pioneer in the use of simulated textures as well as of typography ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , roaring up in great oily clouds of smoke and flames , the fierce heat quickly drove us to the stern where we huddled like suffocating sheep , not knowing what to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Senior Electrical Engineer , (Filtered Words: 0)
For the States which maintain two separate agencies -- one for the vocational rehabilitation of the blind , and one for the rehabilitation of persons other than the blind -- the Act specifies that their minimum ( base ) allotment shall be divided between the two agencies in the same proportion as it was divided in fiscal year 1954 . (Filtered Words: 0)
the sounds made by these organs were , therefore , dissimilar . (Filtered Words: 0)
There have been a number of sound plans proposed . (Filtered Words: 0)
a modulation described as `` almost a stroke of genius '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He quickly called on Ghana , Tunisia , Morocco , Guinea and Mali , which dispatched troops within hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A learned man '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For the tone of the editorials which greeted Mr. [FILTERED]'s original announcement of his running had been strangely disquieting . (Filtered Words: 1)
I taught him , dammit , and I'll teach you . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are working on the wrong part of our anatomy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was always called [FILTERED] the Butcher until he left town and the shop passed over to Meltzer the Scholar who then became automatically Meltzer the Butcher . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then during washing , the greasy soil rolls back at the edges so that emulsified droplets can disengage themselves from the sorbed oil mass , with the aid of mechanical action , and enter the aqueous phase . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there are indications that many developing nations will welcome Peace Corps volunteers , and that if the volunteers are well chosen , they will soon demonstrate their value and make many friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be hard to find anything more equivocal than : `` I cannot recommend him too highly '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
therefore , nothing but good could happen to him , even in God's wrathful storms . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a neutral Germany (Filtered Words: 0)
The radio radiation of the sun which is reflected from the moon and planets should be negligible compared with their thermal emission at centimeter wave lengths , except possibly at times of exceptional outbursts of solar radio noise . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's bound to be someone on guard , but the hat might fool them long enough for me to get close '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
With names and addresses listed , verification came next . (Filtered Words: 0)
Smith flatly rejected the offer , and Mister [FILTERED] thereupon decided to join the rebels . (Filtered Words: 1)
The measurement must be in inches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Casualties have been running about a dozen men a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now draw '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dealing faro ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You actually hate me -- and we both know it -- because I killed that filthy snake . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the first two murders , the warning notes were rarely ignored . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They should not be sad . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That was an awfully long two weeks '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Here again Mr. [FILTERED] could not lightly accept the principle of wholesale judicial legislation . (Filtered Words: 1)
it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . (Filtered Words: 0)
The research team was concerned that responses from firms in the state of Washington might not be typical of those throughout the country , or that the results might be different when no phone or personal follow-up was made . (Filtered Words: 0)
A verdict against Pohl came at 4:05 p.m. after almost 13-1/2 hours of deliberation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man was just this side of being a freak . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we have to we'll take him apart and see what he's made of '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He stiffened and rose to his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the last analysis , though , Wilson had little cause to complain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] takes careful account of every mitigating circumstance in recalling the historical atmosphere in which mistaken decisions were taken . (Filtered Words: 1)
These are like the initial ways in which the world forces itself upon the self and thrusts the self into decision and choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Section 7 is designed to arrest in its incipiency not only the substantial lessening of competition from the acquisition by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation , but also to arrest in their incipiency restraints or monopolies in a relevant market which , as a reasonable probability , appear at the time of suit likely to result from the acquisition by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The glass may seem trivial but Communist official hooliganism feeds on such incidents unless they are redressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was engaged in constant experiments that searched for new directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He came up and was going to push at it with his heavy shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American Registry Of Pathology operates as a cooperative enterprise in medical research and education between the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology and the civilian medical profession on a national and international basis , under such conditions as may be agreed upon between the National Research Council and The Surgeons General of the Army , Navy , and Air Force . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Butter salve '' or `` butter ointment '' was used for burns , and for bruises as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
He revealed the potential value of the `` cut '' as the basic technique in the art of the film . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brooklyn College is [FILTERED] territory , as much as the Bronx or Central Park West . (Filtered Words: 1)
Out of many factors which might be cited , five are most important : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so it was over the weekend what with 40-year-old [FILTERED] pitching his no-hit masterpiece against the Giants and the Giants' [FILTERED] retaliating with a record-tying 4-homer spree Sunday . (Filtered Words: 2)
then , hearing the muffled boom of Howard's laughter , blushed redder . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fought the panic of vertigo . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had caught the implication of the oath . (Filtered Words: 0)
and as the aspect of the subject was transposed into those clusters of more or less interchangeable and contour-obliterating facet-planes by which plasticity was isolated under the Cubist method , the subject itself became largely unrecognizable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all , as a matter of fact , consider themselves `` mediums '' in the sense of receiving messages from the deceased . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following morning Mr. [FILTERED] called for me , and we went to visit schools -- kindergarten , middle-school , elementary school , and high school -- Mr. [FILTERED]'s school . (Filtered Words: 2)
Including the brightness gain Af due to the Af area demagnification , the overall gain of a fiber coupled double stage image intensifier is : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Thrift Shop , with Mrs. [FILTERED] as president , is one of the city's most successful fund-raisers for the Federation of Jewish Agencies . (Filtered Words: 1)
Jubal did not hear of Digby's disappearance when it was announced , and , when he did , while he had a fleeting suspicion , he dismissed it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There was also the one salient question to ask , and ask widely : Did you notice anything out of the way ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The following possibilities exist for achieving this : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Orioles once again performed at the plate in powderpuff fashion , gathering only seven blows off the offerings of three Kansas City pitchers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Practically all forecasts mention new and exciting products on the horizon . (Filtered Words: 0)
A single 24-hr. composite sample had a BOD of 260 mg/l , indicating a typical domestic sewage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Go ahead and try me '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He telephoned [FILTERED] and asked him and his wife to come to Europe as his guests , but [FILTERED] declined on the grounds that one of them must be in the United States when Elmer Gantry was published . (Filtered Words: 2)
His pinched face showed the ravages of malnutrition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quickly but carefully lowering my duffel bag over the low side-rack , I stepped on the running board ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] , of the Veterans' Administration Hospital , Coral Gables , Florida , and the University of Miami School of Medicine , set out to discover if avocados , because of their high content of unsaturated fatty acids , would reduce the cholesterol of the blood in selected patients . (Filtered Words: 1)
but enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
A useful by-product of this system is that the information necessary to set the gyro drift biases is available from the currents necessary to hold the system in level . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shadow , the more talkative , began at once to talk , her voice piteous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Worst of all , [FILTERED] had no training for any kind of work . (Filtered Words: 1)
The cavernous depth , cluttered with antiques , echoed to her hard heels as she walked directly to the office in the rear and took the seat at his desk . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl looked around at the countryside . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What else could I do ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Confederate Constitution , 1861 (Filtered Words: 0)
The details of the removal process are shown schematically in Fig. 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
( E. G. Erdos , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ) seed proteins (Filtered Words: 4)
He wanted to take the mother to headquarters at once and start her on the mug file . (Filtered Words: 0)
Honest I could feel the hair stand up on the back of my neck like a dog's that is going to get into a fight . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I hate to leave my garden '' , Gavin said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , Mrs. [FILTERED] was still solicitous of his condition : let him do as he wished , let him sleep with chambermaids if he must , but , she begged Blackman , try to keep him from drinking a great deal and bring him back in good health . (Filtered Words: 1)
In some instances , the trade name is shown in parentheses following the chemical name . (Filtered Words: 0)
By July 1 , six weeks from now , motel-keepers all over the nation will , by 6 p.m. , be switching on that bleak -- to motorists -- sign , `` No Vacancy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His own children had suffered from the weakening of those values which he and Theresa had always taken for granted , and as for his grandchildren ( he had one so far , still in diapers ) , he shuddered to think that the true meaning of character might never dawn on them at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
wash wheel -- cylindrical wash wheel of the reversing type . (Filtered Words: 0)
So instead I come up '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made his fortune during World War 2 , when he took over a number of dying steel plants and kept them alive until the boom . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sloshed his drink around and drained it in a few large gulps . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a way , [FILTERED] was right . (Filtered Words: 1)
The truck routes , the industrial areas with walls grimed with diesel smoke passed briefly through his mind -- back alleys were their access to a city and they could never stay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Muller's would have to be one of the half dozen almost directly opposite . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dirt on the soiled objects is mechanically held by surface irregularities to some extent . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] identified himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Soccer Club was organized by undergraduate men interested in playing soccer and promoting the sport . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cumulative records (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have to believe it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Line ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern psychology has shown that paralleling `` the authoritarian personality '' is `` the bigoted personality '' in which insecurity , inferiority , suspicion , and distrust combine to provide a target for antagonism so indispensable that it will be manufactured if it does not exist naturally . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once covertly looking at Simms Purdew , the only man in the world whom he hated , he had seen the heavy , slack , bestubbled jaw open and close to emit the cruel , obscene banter , and had seen the pale-blue eyes go watery with whisky and merriment , and suddenly he was not seeing the face of that vile creature . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told me to wake you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shade trees , too , are a big help , so keep them if you can . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the platform is not properly headed , the X-gyro input axis will see a component of the earth's rotation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just nothing , she told herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their jams and jellies had not suffered . (Filtered Words: 0)
His speech shows none of the native accent of the Russian characters ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , very slight changes in P do not change the probabilities much , and a slight lack of independence may not make an appreciable difference . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spoilage by chemical action results from the reaction of one group of components in the food with others or with its environment , as in corrosion of the walls of metal containers or the reaction of fats with oxygen in the air to produce rancidity . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is done by measuring the distance from the surface on which the tire is resting to the center of the rear axle shaft . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , I do not doubt that , among the people at the U.N. that day , there were Stalinist and professional revolutionists acting out of the most cynical motives . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is [FILTERED] the actor '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Will our bombs be cleaner or will their fallout be less harmful to future generations of children ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She said gently , `` Of course I remember you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now draw '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
After five minutes with Blanche , one might welcome the astringency of Grazie , who was a sort of Gwen [FILTERED] to Francesca's [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The telephone rang . (Filtered Words: 0)
But no : Prokofieff grew . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bartender brought Rourke's drink and [FILTERED] laid a twenty-dollar bill on the bar . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here in the cool darkness Mr. [FILTERED] could still feel the warmth of midday , could still see the yellow butterflies dancing over the road , could still see the friendly grin on the young , sun-browned face as the driver looked back over his shoulder for a moment before the car streaked out of sight . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Go on in '' , he says . (Filtered Words: 0)
The majestic circular tiers of stone of the Theatre of Marcellus give you some idea of the huge edifice that the Emperor Augustus erected in 13 B.C. . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was like he was . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Company maintained a store at which products of England could be purchased and brought in goods for the new merchants on the understanding that they refrain from trading in furs . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Clerfayt may moon on about the face of Death in the cockpit ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Black Hills Passion Play is produced every summer and is a pageant worth seeing and shooting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Publication and distribution : (Filtered Words: 0)
As usual , he made no attempt to get in touch with [FILTERED] , the Manhattan leader . (Filtered Words: 1)
The roar of Palmer's gallery as he sank a thrilling putt would roll out across the parklike landscape of Augusta , only to be answered moments later by the roar of [FILTERED]'s gallery for a similar triumph . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` All wrong ones '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This favorite grievance was not the landlord . (Filtered Words: 0)
The slaves ran gaily to the center of Congo Square and gathered around a sweaty youth they called Johnny No-Name . (Filtered Words: 0)
Idje still stared over our shoulders at the horizon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vending machines can alleviate the long hike to the cafeteria during the break with resulting waste of production time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Broiled out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will it be short stories , fiction , nonfiction , biography , poetry , children's stories , or even a book if you are really ambitious ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Lacking guidance , industry picks its own areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Provision for emergency toilet facilities and disposal of human wastes will be an unfamiliar problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , riding this hospital bus , feeling isolated and utterly alone , I knew that she was genuine and unique , quite unlike any girl I had known before . (Filtered Words: 0)
D . (Filtered Words: 0)
U.S. coal is cheap , despite high wages , because of widespread mechanization of mines , wide coal seams , attactive rates on ocean freight . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was away at school most of the time . (Filtered Words: 1)
High-gain , photoelectronic image intensification is applied under conditions of low incident light levels whenever the integration time required by a sensor or recording instrument exceeds the limits of practicability . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you yearn to make cakes and pies , or special cookies and candies ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was an expert florist , tenderly dextrous in the arrangement of bouquets and wreaths . (Filtered Words: 0)
The job security enjoyed by [FILTERED] , and nearly all members of the Armed Forces , is a wonderful thing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Another , more interesting explanation , is hinted at by [FILTERED] when he observes on several occasions that [FILTERED] would have made a magnificent criminal . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` How does he know ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] wasn't expected to like it '' , Dr. [FILTERED] , the late Toronto gynecologist , once summed up the attitude of the '90s . (Filtered Words: 2)
Far up the valley I could see the Rees circling and reorganizing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the dolls was one that meant very much to the First Lady , who would pick it up and look at it often . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of Hillsboro , [FILTERED] of North Plains , [FILTERED] of North Plains . (Filtered Words: 3)
Here , if anywhere , it is not wholly incontrovertible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lizzie , actually , never named any suspect . (Filtered Words: 0)
The economist does not look for a drastic switch in the budget during this recovery and believes it `` even more unlikely that the Federal Reserve will aggressively tighten monetary policy in the early phases of the upturn as was the case in 1958 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine each State's population . (Filtered Words: 0)
This last `` rampage '' is only the prelude to the vicious blow upon her head , `` dealt by some unknown hand '' whose identity is later revealed not verbally but through a manual action -- the tracing of Orlick's hammer upon a slate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The relic worship and monasticism of the Middle Ages were more advanced forms than were primitive fetish worship and nature myths . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was born in Pittsboro , Miss. , and was a veteran of World War 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went around the corner and parked , turning off his lights and motor . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Madame [FILTERED] , I think you had better go '' , said Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Man in a boat , there's a lot of places he can put in at and a lot of reasons he can be away for a bit . (Filtered Words: 0)
His brown face looked gray from dirt streaks where his hand had come off the dusty pavement and rubbed across it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Score bottom edge of cylinder and join to disk with slip . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did seem hasty on his second and third shots , but then there was an agonizing wait of several minutes while [FILTERED] graciously putted out , giving Palmer a chance to recover his composure , which he had quite visibly lost . (Filtered Words: 1)
He couldn't afford to have anyone mess around with them , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rathbone said he was bleeding to death . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sort out the next move . (Filtered Words: 0)
The train slowed at a road crossing , and the big door slid open ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
My father went as a missionary to China in a generation that responded to Student Volunteer Movement speakers who held watches in their hands and announced to the students in their audiences how many Chinese souls were going to hell each second because these students were not over there saving them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's talk about books '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
For a number of years , Wesleyan has been drawing varied groups of political and business leaders into these informal discussions with members of the faculty and student body , attempting to explore and clarify aspects of their responsibility for public policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dingy-looking '' , was what she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Except for the wine waiter in a restaurant -- always an inscrutable plenipotentiary unto himself , the genii with the keys to unlock the gates of the wine world are one's dealer , and the foreign shipper or negociant who in turn supplies him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the case of the Borglum statue an Interior aide was obliged to announce that there had been a misunderstanding and that the Secretary had no desire to `` hustle '' it out of Washington . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kids his Tarzan roles more than anyone . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , after a fifteen-minute delay , the substantially complete Philharmonic assembled on stage for the afternoon's proceedings . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , 23 , of 7026 [FILTERED]. , a CTA bus driver , was slugged and robbed last night by a group of youths at 51st Street and South Park Way . (Filtered Words: 2)
She asked gently . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rev would never have tried to give her poison ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
There's no other way ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His first inaugural address speaks of `` my country whose voice I can never hear but with veneration and love '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And because fortune had favored neither the prisoner nor the red-haired captain , they would be each other's undoing . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seemed almost a magnification of the Galaxy itself , of the Milky Way , blown up by some master photographer . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was staring at the blue china lamp left on beside him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now she was intensely alive , anguished ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The President has also called upon the Attorney General , the Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare , and the Secretary of Labor to coordinate their efforts `` in the development of a program of federal leadership to assist states and local communities in their efforts to cope with the problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
The O'Dwyers were real religious people except for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Laboratory astrophysics . (Filtered Words: 0)
They all bowed low as I approached them . (Filtered Words: 0)
For me it has more of both elements than the majority of its competitors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fiscal year taxpayers have until the last day of the first month following the close of the fiscal year ( farmers until the 15th day of the 2d month ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Assassination , even of a tyrant , is repulsive to men of good conscience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where was the driver now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Especially the first half of the third verse : (Filtered Words: 0)
First , [FILTERED] had put them through some rapid somersaults . (Filtered Words: 1)
See illustration . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reason for this bears explaining for those who may wonder why State spends so much of its diplomatic energy on Congress when the Russians are so available . (Filtered Words: 0)
But have you told Mother you were going '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was shaking with anger , his breath coming in long , painful gasps . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What are you trying to do ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What determines the morality , they state , is not the means used , but the motive In general , the means ( excluding abortion ) that prove most effective are considered the most ethical . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outlook (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of you will say , `` Well , what can I do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What targets still remain to be hit ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We all know what the dummies will do '' -- he gestured at the hummocks in which the decorticated men were cradled -- `` and we all know what the new people will ask . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it worth the cost and the risks ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What they should recognize is that children who have been placed in one of these groups on a narrow academic basis still differ widely in attributes that influence success , and that they still must be treated as individuals . (Filtered Words: 0)
I will be able to tell you more about this string of equines in the near future . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some families already have held weekend rehearsals in their home shelters to learn the problems and to determine for themselves what supplies they would need . (Filtered Words: 0)
therapist and/or linguist must always consider the alternatives . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If I am not to be Mrs. [FILTERED] then I am nothing '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
You don't know me but I know you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Henrietta could easily identify herself with [FILTERED] March , although [FILTERED] was not the eldest sister . (Filtered Words: 1)
Issue no. 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A third volume remains to be published . (Filtered Words: 0)
' an American journey ' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sommers , you bale while we row '' , [FILTERED] commanded . (Filtered Words: 1)
After luncheon we took advantage of the siesta period to try to get in touch with a few people to whom our dear friend Deppy had written . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the wedding party lasted late , and the travel schedule means there are only a few hours before resuming the trip or making an early start , the husband may forestall tensions and uncertainties by confiding to his bride that lying in each other's arms will be bliss enough for these few hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
a man apparently foreign to the very experience of love , without mercy or pity ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Aug. 8 (Filtered Words: 1)
Now draw '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] would be visiting her grandmother for only a few days , but even at seven she was a prudent soul ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
As for me , I am holding in reserve two huge puzzles ( I love puzzles ) to put together when time hangs heavy on my hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Esther looked at me . (Filtered Words: 0)
But all the reports of this first embassy show that the two Savoyards were the heads of it , for they were the only ones who were empowered to swear for the king that he would abide by the pope's decision and who were allowed to appoint deputies in the event that one was unavoidably absent . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can't go in . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Murray Co. of Texas , Inc. , originated in Dallas in 1896 . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are home now with the other [FILTERED] children , Vicky , 14 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Badly placed teeth can also cause such a speech handicap as lisping . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two British civil servants , Miss [FILTERED] , 46 , and her newly devoted friend , [FILTERED] , 55 , and divorced . (Filtered Words: 2)
But he would fight for his own liberty rather than for any abstract principle connected with it -- such as `` cause '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
From his playmates in Savannah , [FILTERED] had picked up , along with a soft Southern dialect , traces also of the Gullah dialects of Africa . (Filtered Words: 1)
It really ought to be rebuilt , and he determined to go up and talk to the city banks about this . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There wasn't a bit of trouble '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Decorating the ballroom will be the yellow rose of Texas , in tall bushes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Given a theological lead , I asked what he thinks about those who find a religious significance to his plays . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , you've assaulted a law officer and '' -- (Filtered Words: 1)
We get some clue from a few remembrances of childhood and from the circumstance that we are probably not much more afraid of people now than man ever was . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for me , I am holding in reserve two huge puzzles ( I love puzzles ) to put together when time hangs heavy on my hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is questionable , to say the least . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was [FILTERED] , clad only in a bloody loincloth , emaciated and quaking as if the devil were breathing hard on him . (Filtered Words: 1)
London explains that the very distinct directional effect in the Phase 4 series is due in large part to their novel methods of microphoning and recording the music on a number of separate tape channels . (Filtered Words: 0)
Training ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside was finished with Creek-Turn brown toner brushed on and sponged off to give antique finish . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Alaska and Hawaii had fixed Federal share percentages in effect prior to fiscal year 1962 . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Cars were operated in 1959 for an average $.027 per mile . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the boy will need his mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] said yesterday that the Citizens Group of Johnston will meet again July 24 to plan further strategy in the charter movement . (Filtered Words: 1)
These crucial questions must be answered by post-attack reconnaissance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course the factor of head start made all the difference . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was just lying there . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) Spatiality becomes part of the tactual sensation only by way of visual representations ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We already have courses covering those problems , and so on . (Filtered Words: 0)
The earth is spinning at an angular velocity **zq equal to one revolution per 24 hr. . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the exception of the sports cars , even the quite tiny sedans will seat four passengers if you are willing to sacrifice comfort and luggage space for really economical transportation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wisdom of granting such tax exemptions is another matter , but this particular instance is , in my opinion , completely satisfactory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Following the theme of Incarnation in the Gospels , the Christian artist and critic sees in the most commonplace and ordinary events `` figures '' of divine power and reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Data were obtained , separately , on three classes of persons : ( A ) residents , present ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In this view , supported by only three members of the Court , a power denied by the specific provisions of Article 3 , was granted by the generality of Article 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
By this procedure rinsing progresses in two stages , first by dilution until the time when the drains are separated and thereafter by displacement of the soil-bearing liquor by clean rinse water , since soiled liquor squeezed from the specimens at the nip passes directly to waste from the suds box drains . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consciousness is the factor that provides the progressive continuity to sensory impressions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] has described four `` places '' , each with its scenery and people , added two `` diversions '' , and concluded with `` A Toccata for the [FILTERED] '' , a refreshingly underplayed interpretation of rock'n'roll dancing . (Filtered Words: 2)
With a foreign car you must wear a cap -- it has a leather band in the back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taking a personal interest , she had the doctor assigned to the White House , Dr. [FILTERED] , look [FILTERED] over . (Filtered Words: 2)
This vacation had seemed like a good idea last week , when his doctor had prescribed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The slaves ran gaily to the center of Congo Square and gathered around a sweaty youth they called Johnny No-Name . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't you have to spend any time on your ranch '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Every new scandal which would provide more `` copy '' for [FILTERED]'s pen would thus mean more publicity for Welch . (Filtered Words: 1)
Only Miss Gee asked for bail . (Filtered Words: 0)
This negative explanation of courtesy on the freeways , however , does an injustice to Southern California drivers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never , `` Quit that , you sor'l devil '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , producer of Uprising . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` The world that was once foot-loose and fancy-free '' , he said , `` has now become screw-loose and frenzy-free . (Filtered Words: 0)
The real question that follows is -- how are those four years used and what is their value as training ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the constitution forbids introduction of a tax bill at a fiscal session , the administration will either have to cut down expenses or inflate its estimates of anticipated revenues . (Filtered Words: 0)
Table 1 immediately below shows the rate of growth of vehicles and employees . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is both great writing and profound religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other morphological , physical , and optical property values are also given . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made himself back off slowly , his eyes wary on [FILTERED] , who now had no more to lose than he . (Filtered Words: 1)
It would be superfluous to build a critique around them . (Filtered Words: 0)
About 1500 delegates are expected to register today for the biennial session of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite for the Southern Jurisdiction of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still another segment of the student population consists of those who seek , in what they regard as religion , intellectual clarity , rational belief , and ethical guidance and reinforcement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything was in an exciting turmoil -- full of anticipation and fun . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Presidential box someone leaned over the balustrade and yelled : `` He has shot the President '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The daughter profited from his interest in scientific and philosophical subjects . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most recent film catalogue , available at each library , lists 110 titles presently in the collection , any of which may be borrowed without charge . (Filtered Words: 0)
No . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had been right snippy ever since they were married , though you'd have thought a namesake would have brought her round . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is why I say we just can't go ahead and disarm the Germans and pull down our own defenses . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's no greater catastrophe in the universe , she reflected dourly , impaling tender green beans on the silver fork , than the dwindling away of a family . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Old Knife's got the largest war party ever seen on the river '' , he said calmly . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think he might be '' , Conrad said grimly . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the same vein , a certain short-story plot has been overworked . (Filtered Words: 0)
We planned ahead only one step , a rendezvous for tomorrow when we could swap notes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The '52 Cards were 6-7 on May 1 but ended with 88 triumphs , the club's top since 1949 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought of the tons and tons of flammable fluid beneath his feet and shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
For all involved in this discussion the devil is a real entity who can really be confronted in the woods on a dark night , the demon world is populated with real creatures , and witches actually can be seen flying through the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's happened ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 1920 presidential election they had that right and many of them did vote for the first time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sheep (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not a case of the investment bankers having to sell the stock ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
These crucial questions must be answered by post-attack reconnaissance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps no church father saw this concurrence of the unique and the universal as clearly , or formulated it as precisely , as Irenaeus . (Filtered Words: 0)
That cock . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now you don't want to go talking that way '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Replies to requests for character reference are notorious for their evasive double-entendre . (Filtered Words: 0)
Animals may be present at the site or provide hunting in nearby areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rural Free , (Filtered Words: 0)
and by deriving legitimate decision backward from whatever may conceivably or possibly or probably result , whether by anyone's doing or by accident , it finds itself driven to inaction , to non-political action in politics and non-military action in military affairs , and to the not very surprising discovery that there are now no distinctions on which the defense of justice can possibly be based . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the apparatus is new , it requires experimentation and changes in technique . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had gotten stuck with a job too big for his imagination ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now as you step inside , instead of seeing particles orbiting around like planets , you see waves and ripples very much like the ripples that you get on the surface of a pond when you drop a stone into it . (Filtered Words: 0)
If there are any major restrictions , they usually can be obtained in printed form . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the pope , head of the universal Church , to the duke of [FILTERED] , taking full advantage of his position on the borders of France and of the Empire , or to Othon , who found it quite natural that he should do homage to [FILTERED] for Tipperary and to the count of Savoy for Grandson , [FILTERED]'s outspoken nationalism was completely incomprehensible . (Filtered Words: 3)
The policeman's eyes rather popped for a second ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] greeted him gravely , uneasy with misgivings at his visit . (Filtered Words: 1)
Tenure as criterion (Filtered Words: 0)
Stagecoach Days is the theme for the weekend on the Old [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I asked him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fence , his only refuge when the metal death came roaring at him , was made of rails , all right , but the rails were protected by a thick screening of barbed wire that would rip his flesh if he pressed against it . (Filtered Words: 0)
As far as the color problem is concerned , there is but one great difference between the Southern white and the Northerner : the [FILTERED] remembers , historically and in his own psyche , a kind of Eden in which he loved black people and they loved him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Give him time '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By fixing the tax rate in advance of spending , upper limits are set on expenditures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hez looked up at the high face of Emigrant Rock , official signboard for the Raft River turnoff , and gloated , `` Seems funny that them Burnsides never took time to leave their [FILTERED] up thar '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
For example , effective mine barriers from Florida to Cuba and across the Yucatan Channel from Cuba to Mexico would remove all requirements for harbor defense , inshore patrol , convoy escort , shipping control , and mine defense for the entire Gulf of Mexico . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once we send out the whole pie , they can put their pieces into it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next we imagine our blizzard raging over all the land areas of the entire globe -- North America , South America , Europe , Asia , and Africa , all covered with peas four feet deep ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She's fat '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] offered them biscuits with the coffee . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Dr. [FILTERED] , I've got a lot of blood '' , Fred spoke up , `` plenty of it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Look for them , will you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Navy's future involved (Filtered Words: 0)
The Peace Corps offers an opportunity to bring home to the United States the problems of the world as well as an opportunity to meet urgent host country needs for trained manpower . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay , take the tray . (Filtered Words: 0)
Captain [FILTERED] roared at his men to lash three of the casks of olive oil together for a raft . (Filtered Words: 1)
Half of it dripped down his chin . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this instance , because of incomplete septation , the secondary lobule does not constitute in itself what appears to be a small individual lung as in type 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In short , both his own declarations and his figural blindness , when he looked at objects , seem to present undeniable evidence that he had simply no visual memory at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Angry that none of us knew anything but filth and poverty . (Filtered Words: 0)
The presidency : talking and listening (Filtered Words: 0)
There is not much to be said for `` Revulsion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` None for you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This has always been [FILTERED]'s attitude . (Filtered Words: 1)
A parallel function for philosophy is the study of the relation between perceptions experientially received and conceptions logically formed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , oh yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Respondents' opinions regarding advertised bidding ( Part E of the questionnaire ) 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a finality in the rhythm of the prayer -- it was the end of a life , the end of hope , and the wondering if there would ever be another beginning . (Filtered Words: 0)
It winked as steadily as a metronome -- on , off -- on , off . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay , I'm Happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be sure you get a perimeter heating system , and diffusers that will work as well for cooling as they do for heating . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , after the sitting has been held , several readings at one time are mailed , and the distant sitter ( whose name or whose communicator's name was given to the medium ) must mark each little item as Correct ( Hit ) , Incorrect ( Miss ) , Doubtful , or Especially Significant ( applying to him and , he feels , not to anyone else ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought again of her children , those two who had died young , before the later science which might have saved them could attach even a label to their separate malignancies . (Filtered Words: 0)
In each case , the object , the color , even the percussive sounds of the electronic score were designed to become part of the theatrical being of the performer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably the most important of all matters for review are the broad administrative policies governing the purchase , assignment , use , and management of state vehicles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , Allied Arts has booked [FILTERED] there for a week starting Dec. 4 . (Filtered Words: 1)
He might be very tight , but he knew where he was . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is this larger theme of the `` quality of man '' , a quality that transcends the ideological and flows into `` the human '' , which now forms the pulsating heart of [FILTERED]'s artistic universe . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was [FILTERED] , working through Provost Marshal Enoch Crowder and Major [FILTERED] ( `` Old Ironpants '' ) [FILTERED] , who arranged for a secret printing by the million of selective service blanks -- again before the Act was passed -- until corridors in the Government Printing Office were full and the basement of the Washington Post Office was stacked to the ceiling . (Filtered Words: 3)
Greatest benefits have been associated with feeding low-moisture corn in beef-feeding programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't intended to make the promise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Height , 6' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made his way to his host's bedroom where he carefully brushed himself off , neatly arranged his hair , and painstakingly selected his hat from the many on the bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted no part of the emotions of the exchange , no memory of the joy and gratitude that other men felt . (Filtered Words: 0)
The desire and ability to read are important aspects of our cultural life . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was answered , he said , `` [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
( E ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He called in the pitcher who had been pitching , and a big , heavy , powerfully built right hander moved out to the mound for Anniston . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sent home for rest (Filtered Words: 0)
But with today's demand for professional qualifications and specialized training , the need for `` outsiders '' becomes more pressing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He bent down , a black cranelike figure , and put his mouth to the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the latter sample , 944 persons had been studied two years earlier ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
More importantly , he also happens to be the brother-in-law of [FILTERED] , Speaker of the House . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is this spirit which explains some of the anomalies of American Catholic higher education , in particular the wasteful duplication apparent in some areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both buildings were in flames . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington , June 18 (Filtered Words: 0)
I had studied with [FILTERED] ten years before , during the scholarship year the Manhattan gave me , along with the five-hundred-dollar prize for my paintings of bums on Hudson Street . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Oh '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( For instance , see Example 2 of Section 5-5 , on red cards in hands of 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She doled out what [FILTERED] vaguely guessed were the right amounts of dried peas , eggs , cornmeal , a little salt . (Filtered Words: 1)
But my captain might have been a Jew , but he wasn't a Jew . (Filtered Words: 0)
No attempt is made by Ptolemy to weld into a single scheme ( a-la-Aristotle ) , these independent predicting-machines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Which in itself is an immediate reward of the WBAI experiment ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Check the quality of the water . (Filtered Words: 0)
And even more complex items can be interpreted to conform to one's own point of view , which is by nature so personal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Temperature , wind , oxygen content , depth , bottom character , and animal life are the chief environmental variables . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once when she asked why he never went swimming and he answered , `` Don't feel like it '' , he was tempted to tell her about being scared . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tilted his homely face toward the dry bed of the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
The corporation has a limited , specific place in our society . (Filtered Words: 0)
On January 24 [FILTERED] , accompanied by [FILTERED] , was met by [FILTERED] and Colonel [FILTERED] , former Police Chief of Farmington , Conn. , and now head of U.N. special police . (Filtered Words: 4)
But alas [FILTERED] , when he had written , had only just returned from going to Tuxapoka to Cousin Elec's funeral . (Filtered Words: 1)
The metal-tasting nitrogen made me wonder if I should remove the mouthpiece and suck in the sweet water . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ideals of the country were deeply indebted to the Protestantism of the older stock . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a child does lose his first teeth prematurely because of decay -- and if no preventive steps are taken -- the other teeth may shift out of position , become overcrowded and malformed . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know how it is '' , he added with a conspiratorial wink . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You are a big muscle-bound ape and you got this idea about setting a record . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was an idea . (Filtered Words: 0)
For Blanche , it was only a matter of time before Stanley would propose . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is our lack of extreme accuracy which forces the use of very large yield nuclear weapons . (Filtered Words: 0)
There would be no halos , no angels . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beauty as well as love is redemptive , and Patchen preaches a kind of moral salvation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's a friend . (Filtered Words: 0)
each shrub glazed with good health . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Apple trees grew there also . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never have I seen this expressed so clearly and so sympathetically . (Filtered Words: 0)
An outdoor , aboveground fallout shelter also may be built with concrete blocks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pick the flowers , keep the soil dampened , and each of the pegged-down branches will take root and become a little plant and go on blooming for the rest of the season . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1707 an earthquake in Japan generated waves so huge that they piled into the Inland Sea ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Blood in the bathtub where the murderer appears to have washed his hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was down on Seven , [FILTERED] told me , and he'd meet us there . (Filtered Words: 2)
Then last season the Birds tumbled as low as 11-18 on May 19 before recovering to make a race of it and total 86 victories . (Filtered Words: 0)
For many nights afterward , the idea of her having been so close to me in that imagined bed would return and fill me with obscure and painful desires , would cause me to lie awake in shame , tossing with irresolution , longing to fall into a deep sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He said a fat hell on Big Hans '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , in some way , this lack of faith in the cavalry became mixed up in his mind with the dragging effect of wagon trains and was hardened into a prejudice . (Filtered Words: 0)
He proceeded with his task bravely -- in his memoirs , at least -- before the `` passions of my neighbors should have time to boil too high '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` You bet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who transfer their membership are no exception to the rule . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among (Filtered Words: 0)
In what's a linguist ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The flat-bottomed boat swung slowly to the pull of the current . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't know any secret recipe for certainty . (Filtered Words: 0)
of her `` great power of discernment '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
An auto overturned , skidding into a stopped tractor-trailer and burst into flames near Snellville , the patrol said . (Filtered Words: 0)
If guilty , the offender might be excluded from membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
This item may be a symbolic name or an actual one-digit or two-digit index word address in the range 3 - 94 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Important considerations common to each type of shelter are : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miami , Fla. , March 17 (Filtered Words: 0)
He half woke and rolled over with his face in the cooler grass . (Filtered Words: 0)
Purified inactive chlorine was then added from one of the tubes described above and the mixture frozen out and sealed off in a flask equipped with a break seal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beyond were industries and factories . (Filtered Words: 0)
A single 24-hr. composite sample had a BOD of 260 mg/l , indicating a typical domestic sewage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cutting , of course , takes place automatically in the creation of a film . (Filtered Words: 0)
And all the time , she had the heat of hatred in her , like charcoal that is burning on its under side , but not visibly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He put the basket down distastefully , muttering softly and thoroughly disgusted with himself and his plan that had seemed so foolproof . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] spoke to her . (Filtered Words: 1)
At Yalta the West still believed that Eastern Europe could be kept in its orbit , in spite of the onrushing Soviet armies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably no location for a pool is perfect on all counts . (Filtered Words: 0)
15 pounds lighter (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all sections are showing an upswing , however ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I have no religious feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stations programing to Negro listeners are having to upgrade their shows in order to keep pace with rising educational , economic , and cultural levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
One matter of concern to the complete effectiveness of pool operations is the lack of adequate central garage facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a sense , the showdown promised by Mr. [FILTERED]'s sudden and tragic death has been avoided ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Prickly twinges of annoyance ran through him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have just asked these questions in the Pentagon , in the White House , in offices of key scientists across the country and aboard the submarines that prowl for months underwater , with neat rows of green launch tubes which contain Polaris missiles and which are affectionately known as `` Sherwood Forest '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His Ideas in this respect , however , sometimes arouse critical response . (Filtered Words: 0)
Generally , your employee will greatly appreciate benefits that protect him during his working life or during retirement . (Filtered Words: 0)
he had no use any longer for exact time , even had the watch been running . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I wouldn't have gone into nursing if I didn't care about people . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said . (Filtered Words: 0)
A metal table and four chairs stood in the center . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was foolish of him to keep them , whatever they were . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each will decide on his own course somewhere between these two extreme cases according to the sense of responsibility which is determined for him by the particular circumstances of his own life . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's got the tightest running gear in the train now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Long before 1815 the Christian conscience was leading some to declare slavery wrong and to act accordingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each aspired to be a god in human form , but with each it was a different kind of god . (Filtered Words: 0)
Summary (Filtered Words: 0)
The elements of elegance and color in [FILTERED] are strong French characteristics . (Filtered Words: 1)
The world is constantly changing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , everyone knows -- or knew in the week of December 10 -- that something had gone shockingly wrong with American foreign policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was too bad he had no feeling himself for church . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nowhere in the boat do the frames come in contact with the plywood planking . (Filtered Words: 0)
If all forms of a paradigm are grouped together within the dictionary , a considerable reduction in the amount of information required is possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next day , Sunday , the hangover reminded Haney where he had been the night before . (Filtered Words: 0)
But you realize , I am sure , how much old deeds incite to new ones , and you must forgive me if I tell you first of the old ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't mean Miss [FILTERED] ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
The stained-glass windows may have developed unpremeditated patinas , the paneling may be no more durable than the planks in a political platform . (Filtered Words: 0)
The negative sanctions applied to core - Negro marriages for core members act as indicators of expected adherence to group norms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only were the court costs prohibitive , but I was subjected to crippling fines , in addition to usurious interest on the unpaid `` debts '' which the government claimed that Metronome and I owed -- a severe financial blow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is the first contact a Skid Row figure talks to after he decides he wants to pick himself up . (Filtered Words: 1)
They hope , of course , to reclaim the non-Catholic population to the Catholic faith , and at every Sunday Benediction they recite by heart the `` Prayer for England '' : (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
They poured water over their catcher's face . (Filtered Words: 0)
She gave herself a title , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was symbolized ( at least for those of us who recognized ourselves in the image ) by that self-consuming , elegiac candle of Edna St. Vincent Millay's , that candle which from the quatrain where she ensconced it became a beacon to us , but which in point of fact would have had to be as tall as a funeral taper to last even the evening , let alone the night . (Filtered Words: 0)
If only for this modest masterpiece of military history , [FILTERED] is likely to be read and reread long after newer interpretations have perhaps altered our picture of the Marlborough wars . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then , for the first time since his arrest , a glint of spirit lit Barco's eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He almost broke into tears . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Somehow I imagine that as you grew up you were alone a lot . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Oh , Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
or surprise , which would set the patient apart from other people . (Filtered Words: 0)
B . (Filtered Words: 0)
An animal , bird or insect creates either a burrow , or nest or hive in unending sameness according to specie . (Filtered Words: 0)
in one thing I know it will usually be on the predicator know . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 1962 General Assembly has important business to consider . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
You shoulder your way through the cluster of the curious and you barge up to the cop on the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , [FILTERED] -- as she was generally known since she had put up her hair with a chignon in the back -- had little time to spare them from her teaching and writing ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
From the crowd were coming cries of `` He's right '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The boys love it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We can't expect any help from the fighters at Foggia , either . (Filtered Words: 0)
Called out a dozen young voices . (Filtered Words: 0)
A stream which has all of its watershed within a national forest or other lands under good conservation practices is less likely to be affected by pollution than one passing through unrestricted logging or past an industrial area . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] would not rise to his mood . (Filtered Words: 1)
theologians have been stressing the fact that the Church does not exist for its own sake but as a testimony in the world for the healing of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inside over the first door I saw one of these , which shows [FILTERED] offering the city to the Virgin Mary and Justinian offering the temple . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then he took off his wet boots and dropped down into the water to talk with the beasts , needing their comfort more than they needed his . (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is greater than its maximum allotment , and if so lower its unadjusted allotment to its maximum allotment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The landlord had died . (Filtered Words: 0)
Index words and electronic switches may be reserved in the following ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
It makes materials handling the only construction cost that ( like earthmoving and roadbuilding ) should be lower today than in 1929 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the government simultaneously undertook the vast burden of social security which had traditionally been privately discharged , and created a national scarcity which has engendered calamitous problems of social security . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can thermonuclear war be set off by accident ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The playing takes both sides of the disc . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , we sent a third vessel out , a much smaller and faster one than the first two . (Filtered Words: 0)
DIOCS is used to select the major methods of processing to be used , and to name the index words used by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Once again the Mossberg Targo outfit has appeared , but this time as a bolt-action rifle-shotgun combination . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now that Short is Supreme Bishop he'll do all right , he can't help it . (Filtered Words: 0)
So we note approvingly a fresh sample of unanimity . (Filtered Words: 0)
To Decathlon Man [FILTERED] ( Time cover , Aug. 29 ) , whose gold medal in last summer's Olympic Games was won as much on gumption as talent , went the A.A.U.'s [FILTERED] as the outstanding U.S. amateur athlete of 1960 . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] made the rounds of all who lived near him again , that August morning after a bullet landed at his feet , and once more he accused and threatened everyone . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is nevertheless a minority view . (Filtered Words: 0)
This cited Bang-Jensen's ' aberrant conduct ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
but I am also a young , able and willing girl who wants to study the Chinese language but is not old enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Mecholyl and noradrenalin tests applied with certain precautions are reliable indicators of this central autonomic balance , but for the sake of correlating autonomic and clinical states , and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions , additional tests seem to be desirable . (Filtered Words: 0)
How , then , do the kinesthetic sensations function in all this ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Her miraculous progress in material achievements flows from other qualities far more worthy and substantial : adherence to principles and methods consonant with our religious philosophy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
That is one approach . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the second half of the Sixteenth Century , Sinan , the great architect who is the Michelangelo of the East , designed the massive buttresses that now help support the dome . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still more jealous bitterness was engendered by the O'Banion gang's seizure from a West Side marshalling yard of a freight-car load of Canadian whisky worth $100,000 and by one of the biggest coups of the Prohibition era -- the Sibley warehouse robbery , which became famous for the cool brazenness of the operation . (Filtered Words: 0)
For top and bottom pieces , use short end of mold as measurement guide . (Filtered Words: 0)
They must be persuaded to adopt the other necessary self-help measures which are described in the preceding section . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somehow he had forgotten what he must have been told , that combat was an intermittent activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
He climbed back to the road , and he felt utterly exhausted . (Filtered Words: 0)
In such a setting social contacts and associations are likely to be heterogamous , resulting in a change of values and , almost necessarily , in mate selection behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
Erected on the site of pagan temples and three previous St. Sophias , the first of which was begun by [FILTERED] , this fourth church was started by Justinian in 532 and completed twenty years later . (Filtered Words: 1)
The breach created by the Selden patent doomed his proposal , but [FILTERED] did not abandon his scheme . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had had the need to understand what life lurked behind the mask of flesh , behind the oath , the banter , the sadness . (Filtered Words: 0)
The congressman's patriotism is always involved when he turns upon the Defense Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
Family Service has helped hundreds of families in this area . (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't appear as a composer now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Differences were related to social , economic , and educational backgrounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm so happy to be here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His letter to his daughter on the pains of growing up is surely as trenchant , forthright , and warmly understanding a piece of advice as ever a grown-up penned to a sensitive child , and with just the right tone of unpatronizing good humor . (Filtered Words: 0)
White's suggestion flattered , but he did not like the identity . (Filtered Words: 0)
They did not view the tour of the distressed cities and towns by Secretary of Labor Goldberg as politics , which the GOP declared it to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was an ardent champion of the Brown & Sharpe Apprentice Program and personal counselor to countless able men who first developed their industrial talents with the company . (Filtered Words: 0)
After leaving Conrad , Gilborn had no destination . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were going to town , and they were both excited . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] affirmed , feeling ten feet tall . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Why , [FILTERED] went over and over the report with [FILTERED] , trying to check them out . (Filtered Words: 2)
Which would you be most scairt of -- a dry-gulchin' or a shoot-down '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Wally's lost his job ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The symbols of mother's status , here , are all usual for culture U.S.A. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Put cut pieces on plaster board to dry to firm leather-hard state . (Filtered Words: 0)
This became a common byword durin' the boom days when Eastern and foreign capital were so eager to buy cattle interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] emphasized this point by saying , `` You fellows in the Department of State don't know much about domestic politics '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
instead of a necktie he wore a leather bolo drawn through a golden ring in which was set a lump of pale pure jade . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is frivolous and scatterbrained , but she really isn't shallow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The charge for a complete full-banded job differs in various parts of the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had my mother's opinion of him : that he was too sharp or a little too good to be true . (Filtered Words: 0)
At once . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under his supervision , the state fire-fighting agency developed such techniques as plowing of fire lines and established a fleet of tractor plows and tractor units for fire fighting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Forgiveness is the door through which a person must pass to enter the Kingdom of God . (Filtered Words: 0)
For large letters , e.g. thermoformed of acrylic or butyrate , there are other techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then you'll want terry cloth towels for mopping up . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the bluff failed and they ran into trouble , [FILTERED] had told the others , they would withdraw -- and he would come after his son another time . (Filtered Words: 1)
The majestic circular tiers of stone of the Theatre of Marcellus give you some idea of the huge edifice that the Emperor Augustus erected in 13 B.C. . (Filtered Words: 0)
During 1598 and 1599 he made `` manye Guiftes of myne owne provision bestowed uppon Cowrtiers & others for the better effectinge of our suites in hande '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s Manin And The Venetian Revolution Of 1848 , his last major volume on an Italian theme , was written in a minor key . (Filtered Words: 1)
But not even our first pool-side gatherings came anywhere near those rosy fantasies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once many years ago I sat at dinner next to Arthur Train , and the subject of The Nation came up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radio broadcasts had not begun and most devotees of baseball attended the games near home , in the town park or a pasture , with perhaps two or three trips to the city each season to see the Cubs or the Pirates or the Indians or the Red Sox . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Suppose you tell me the real reason '' , he drawled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sameness for the Old Man was framed in by a wall of ginkgo trees which divided these quarters from the city . (Filtered Words: 0)
To have one's intentions deliberately or unintentionally misunderstood is always a waste of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
By ( 1 ) , the image of this pencil is a ruled surface of order Af which is met by the plane of the pencil in a curve , C , of order Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would tell her not to pry into grownups' affairs -- as though she were a little kid like Elena ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
and they attempted a skirmish line of advance against a camouflaged enemy encampment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh crap ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This was more than joy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adverbial second complements , however , are likely not to have dominant stress when they terminate sentences . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , first question : the bottles . (Filtered Words: 0)
there is every indication it will continue . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stared at the shining , shining circles of hairs and heard the voice of his partner through trees , `` Don't do that , fella . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They don't like it if I do anything away from home . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , president and voting stockholder of [FILTERED] and Co. , Beverly Hills , has been active in the securities business since 1925 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then one day [FILTERED]'s classmate Jimmy , from next door , let the cat out of the bag . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the fringe of the amused throng of white onlookers stood a young woman of remarkable beauty and poise . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had been moving in cafe society as [FILTERED] , a name that made some of the gossip columns . (Filtered Words: 1)
Although he still didn't speak to anyone , he grew fond of saying , `` The future lies in Asia '' , when the opportunity arose , and when he graduated from high school his parents sent him to New York to give him a foundation , they said , for his life in Asian studies . (Filtered Words: 0)
One cannot assume , of course , that all these accumulated meanings were inherent in the stereotype at the beginning of the therapy , or at any one time later on when the stereotype was uttered ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance , there have been two Presidential Commissions on higher education since World War 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] comes to the point , and we hear , for the first time , a long , downward chromatic scale that will become the characteristic motif of his sinister power . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rawlins worked out of Central Homicide and we'd been friends for years . (Filtered Words: 0)
The slender , handsome fellow was called [FILTERED] by the other slaves . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was a moral of sorts in the Laotian situation that said much about all other cold-war fronts . (Filtered Words: 0)
When all else fails , it is argued that open sessions slow down governmental operations . (Filtered Words: 0)
His money was tied up in a Nassau hotel , an Ohio pottery works , and a detergent for window-washing , and luck had been running against him . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is true that the therapist can sense , when he hears this stereotype , that there are at this moment many emotional determinants at work in it , a blurred babel of indistinct voices which have yet to become clearly delineated from one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
That implies that Shann was on the enemy side . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the only thing in his life for which he felt guilt . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Had a world war not been in progress , there would never , under any conceivable stretch of the imagination , have been an Allied intervention in North Russia '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it was , while Central wrangled among itself , [FILTERED] sneaked out of the pilots' barracks , out to the field and over to Helva's slim metal hull . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] joins forces with a band of adventurers in search of a priceless jeweled statue of a falcon ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Among current problems that require solutions , participated in by citizens as well as government , are : (Filtered Words: 0)
Mediumistic impressions are evidently of all sorts and seem to involve all the senses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their heights , that is . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost daily something is reported which feeds this Catholic hope in England : statistics of the increasing numbers of converts and Irish Catholic immigrants ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The original electrocardiograph primarily indicates irregularities in the heartbeat , but today's techniques allow exact measurements of the flow of blood through the aorta , dimensioning of the heart and its chambers , and a much more detailed study of each heartbeat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beloved Dr. [FILTERED] , our First Presbyterian Church pastor , was in charge . (Filtered Words: 1)
The times I can recall when I was publicly humiliated by him -- lovely dinner parties in our Trianon Suite where the collation was postponed and postponed and postponed , only to be served dry and overcooked at a table where the host's chair was vacant ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
To summarize the purpose of the Skeletal Maturity Chart : each contains two kinds of skeletal maturity norms which show two quite different methods of depicting developmental level of growth centers . (Filtered Words: 0)
She also builds one or two waxen cups which she fills with honey . (Filtered Words: 0)
The scene before you is indeed theatrical and often appears in movies about Rome . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd like to talk to him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You danced two tangos and a paso doble , which must have been fairly enervating in that milieu . (Filtered Words: 0)
his fists clutched so tightly that his knuckles hurt . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll drop you off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't be smart . (Filtered Words: 0)
Coping with them demands stern discipline -- of yourself as well as of your family , neighbors , friends and anyone you ever talked to on a transoceanic jet . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may refuse Him , spit on Him , call Him a devil , curse Him . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the more remarkable of the new cooling systems is one that can be switched to heating . (Filtered Words: 0)
their principles of composition stand very close to those which appear in the Homeric epics and the hexameter line . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the brief moment I had to talk to them before I took my post on the ring of defenses , I indicated I was sickened by the methods men employed to live and trade on the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pistol-whipping an unarmed man might come easy to someone like [FILTERED] , but [FILTERED] couldn't bring himself to do it . (Filtered Words: 2)
The figure stopped and one hand was perilously freed from the hamper to scratch the nose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perfect , he thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kitti had come into the office , on somebody's recommendation , because she needed help in preparing her income tax return . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How would I know ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
On some distant farm a rooster crowed and , far down the valley , an associate answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now drive carefully , for God's sake '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
1 ) Most of the legends that are created to fan the fires of patriotism are essentially propagandistic and are not folk legends at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drove into the paved space before the garage and got out , slamming the car door . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is planned to double the number of teams and to make use of improved equipment in a second demographic inquiry in 1960 , so that the inquiry can be carried through in one year and the results published more expeditiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any lingering suspicion that this was a trick [FILTERED] had thought up was dispelled . (Filtered Words: 1)
I cannot accept that view , either as a lawyer or as an administrator . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tumbled with [FILTERED] , helpless and in agony , over and over , down the steps . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the observations at 4.3 mm ( Coates , 1959 ) , the diameter of the antenna beam , 6'.7 , was small enough to allow resolution of some of the larger features of the lunar surface , and contour diagrams have been made of the lunar brightness distribution at three lunar phases . (Filtered Words: 0)
Type 1 , is represented by the cow , sheep , and pig ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They are enacted at the heart of the body politic . (Filtered Words: 0)
He strode to answer the bell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , if there is ever a perfect time to pull the rug out from under him , it's on maneuvers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Christ in you , your hope of glory . (Filtered Words: 0)
I tell you , it took every ounce of control I had to be able to speak . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their book , American Skyline , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] argue that [FILTERED] New Deal was what made the modern suburb a possibility -- a fine ironical argument , when you consider how suburbanites tend to vote . (Filtered Words: 3)
Introduction (Filtered Words: 0)
Housekeeping is easier . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] payments involved (Filtered Words: 1)
It was incredible -- He gave me an embarrassed , pleading look . (Filtered Words: 0)
This seemed right to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
And will it be only a couple of weeks ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Even so apparently impartial a critic as [FILTERED] has taken for granted that the book was originally intended as a piece of Loyalist propaganda ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
And it was because of an old Norberg inheritance that I got to understand them all so well . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's not precisely the way [FILTERED] urges them to look at it , though . (Filtered Words: 1)
When the system is on automatic leveling , the gyro drift is canceled by the output of the leveling system ( amplifier Af ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is only natural that she assert herself in the sexual role . (Filtered Words: 0)
He started to return it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He never will , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Employes of Pawtucket's garbage and rubbish collection contractor picketed the firm's incinerator site yesterday in the second day of a strike for improved wages and working conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a bad place for [FILTERED] to wind up , but [FILTERED] had asked for it . (Filtered Words: 2)
The Model 99 ( under $45 ) is a light-weight , streamlined (Filtered Words: 0)
It aggravated him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Robinson told Policemen [FILTERED] and Morgan Lloyd of the Wabash Avenue district that 10 youths boarded his south bound express bus in front of Dunbar Vocational High School , 30th Street and South Park Way , and began `` skylarking '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
but unfortunately the rabbit , on no grounds at all , took up toward this neutral object an attitude of disapproval and that made it for the first time , and in the only intelligible sense , bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look , for example , at the Ohio Turnpike . (Filtered Words: 0)
It took him a long time to compose himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was falling over her head when a branch of a bush caught it and it fell in front of her on the rock . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was controversial because he was uncompromising for peace and freedom with justice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't forget , the U.N. did no more than the United States did . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , he went on to birdie the 6th and 8th as well , to go 4 under par for the first eight holes . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would give him an opportunity to take the measure of his chief adversary in the cold war , to try to probe Mr. [FILTERED]'s intentions and to make clear his own views . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fing , a lean , chiseled , impeccable gentleman of the old school who was once mistaken on the street for Sir [FILTERED] , is responsible for the rediscovery of Verdi's earliest , most raucous opera , Nabisco , a sumptuous bout-de-souffle with a haunting leitmotiv that struck me as being highly reminiscent of the Mudugno version of `` Volare '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
We now know that things rarely ever work out in such cut-and-dried fashion , and that car loadings , while perhaps interesting enough , are nevertheless not the magic formula that will always turn before stock prices turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alec heard a faint sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was just as well that the ignorant Dandy enjoyed himself to the hilt that first evening , for the room was to become his prison cell . (Filtered Words: 0)
She spouted a mouthful of water into the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
if it is somber , it is also precise , and the precision lends authority to the vision . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fish took the bait . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the reason this could happen is clear : men of government , business men , lawyers and all who concerned themselves with the welfare of their fellow men did not let their concern to run their businesses at a profit restrict the development of freedom and opportunity . (Filtered Words: 0)
( The same amount used in item 2 under Method Of Computing Allotments , above . (Filtered Words: 0)
It also provides a frame within which the registration of vital events is gradually gaining force ( though one cannot expect to obtain reliable vital statistics in most parts of the Congo from this source in the near future ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet we no longer feel uneasy . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she didn't sound real alarmed you know , like there was any immediate danger . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can't blame a man for leavin' his wife '' , he said quite cheerfully . (Filtered Words: 0)
How widespread is alienation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What should I do ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Although still aware of a great light and glow of warmth in the Book , I stood outside shivering in the cold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Procedure (Filtered Words: 0)
Boundary maintenance . (Filtered Words: 0)
the press reported the same facts in using [FILTERED]'s interview , but [FILTERED] did not suggest at the inquest that [FILTERED] was the killer . (Filtered Words: 2)
) But Speaker [FILTERED] , after huddling in Palm Beach with President-elect [FILTERED] , decided that this year something had to be done about the Rules Committee -- and that he was the only man who could do anything effective . (Filtered Words: 2)
We veterans acknowledge the fact that as time passes the demand for medical care at VA hospitals will grow proportionately as age fosters illness . (Filtered Words: 0)
After [FILTERED] came to London to live , he received a letter from [FILTERED] , which was dated February 8 , 1897 . (Filtered Words: 2)
The funeral for my husband was just what I wanted and I paid a fair price , far less than I had expected to pay . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is thick , much like an egg plant's skin , so that poison sprays , if they are used , present no hazard to the consumer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Numerous cooperating individuals in Great Britain , Holland , the United States , and Belgium have contributed editorially or by making calculations . (Filtered Words: 0)
His reply , he said , was that he agreed to the need for unity in the country now . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is still the sometimes complex problem of helping campers choose the best equipment for their individual needs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Relentlessly , [FILTERED] held on , sucking on the hose , inhaling the air that belonged to Poet . (Filtered Words: 1)
Where would it all lead ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In working , always slip marker from one needle to another . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also spoke of `` the wealth piled by the bondsman's two hundred and fifty years in unrequited toil '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To this we of course agree '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He bases his approach on the belief that anything can follow anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
The firm recently expanded domestic sales into the Southeastern states as a result of an agreement with Cen-Tennial Gin Co. . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the roles of the social scientist , ethicist or theologian in our discussions with the realtors became that of encouraging greater awareness of the opportunities offered by the legal and political processes for the exercise of broad social responsibilities in their work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Welch was wild with delight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the states remain primarily in an assisting role , providing leadership and teacher training . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cultural values . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a certain sense , interfaith communication parallels diplomatic communication among the nation-states . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is their job to think about the unthinkable . (Filtered Words: 0)
A good initial impression would be important now . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then she'd get half of everything I have . (Filtered Words: 0)
and after that the Japanese cherries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pa ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The information is furnished by each of the guests , is sent by oral broadcasting over the air waves , and is received by the ears . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tests have shown that such a device , with a fresh battery , will furnish light continuously for at least 10 days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Survivors are his widow , Alice ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Forty-five new Clinico-pathologic Conferences were prepared , bringing the total to 61 available for loan distribution . (Filtered Words: 0)
How do you tell a college president that your son doesn't know what he wants to do ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I eat too much eggs and poark . (Filtered Words: 0)
even the questionable features of the past are defended . (Filtered Words: 0)
We must build a corps of highly professional teachers of interior design who have had education , experience in the profession and are willing to take on the usual accompaniments of teaching -- minimal income and minimal status among their confreres . (Filtered Words: 0)
Data on the decline of property values in an area after a new racial group enters it has to be assessed in terms of the trends in property values before the group comes in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Six o'clock ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
What the next move will be only time , of course , will tell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps it was just that he had so much more flesh , so that more of it seemed to come in contact with hers ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bulletin , in five issues : The Report Of The President in August ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned away . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] had said , `` You look about fifteen years old '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Solid concrete blocks , relatively heavy and dense , are used for this shelter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Florida provides tropical scenes unequalled in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
In some cases , however , domination of the sex act by one partner can be temporary , triggered by a passing but urgent emotional need . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poland (Filtered Words: 0)
Another problem is who will pay for the training . (Filtered Words: 0)
Weil identifies it as being `` rootless '' , [FILTERED] as being `` placeless '' , Riesman as being `` lonely '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
My God , how long is he going to wait , I thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
A million tons of rock and soil and brush . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said that she must be assured that `` that other woman , [FILTERED] , will not be in luxury while I am scraping along '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Many aspects of civilization were not yet sufficiently crystallized to find expression , nor could the simple economic and social foundations of this world support a lofty structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , a [FILTERED] trap version of the Superposed over/under , the Broadway ( from $350 up , depending on grade ) , differs from standard models in that it is equipped with a full beavertail fore end , a cushion recoil pad and a barrel-wide ventilated rib for fast sighting . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cady appeared slightly mollified . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The advantages of a uniform fiscal year and well synchronized fiscal and tax collection calendars are sufficiently great for Rhode Island municipalities to exert effort to secure them . (Filtered Words: 0)
we are concerned with Utopian communism -- that is , simply communism as it appears in the imaginary commonwealth of Utopia , as More conceived it . (Filtered Words: 0)
) The concept of nationalism is the political principle that epitomizes and glorifies the territorial state as the characteristic type of socal structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Private business is more effective than government aid , he explained , because individuals are able to work with the people themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
By these measures , Congress , so the Court ( in effect ) now decides , gave not only needless but inadequate relief , since it now appears that the federal courts have inherent power to sterilize the Act of 1875 against all proceedings challenging local regulation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] arrived in [FILTERED] , a port on the Adriatic , on November 28th , making for [FILTERED] , which , as the name indicates , was the ancient city's new and modern harbor . (Filtered Words: 3)
This comment and others similar to it , would seem to indicate a possible justification for continuing the status quo . (Filtered Words: 0)
This theorem is similar to the theorem of [FILTERED] that there exists a circumscribing cube around any closed , bounded convex set in Af . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1918 the New England Telephone Company began erecting a building to house its operations on the corner of [FILTERED]. 7 and what is now Memorial Avenue at Manchester Center . (Filtered Words: 1)
The man half-reached for the cord of the alarm bell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kyoto (Filtered Words: 0)
Hoag would carry its sound to his grave . (Filtered Words: 0)
Palfrey agreed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The club runs regular trips to the cabins , but many of the students prefer to take off in small unofficial groups for a weekend of hunting , fishing , climbing , or skiing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , it is suggested that in many respects the horse lung may be anatomically more comparable to that of the human than any other presently known species . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted to take the mother to headquarters at once and start her on the mug file . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This is my rock '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will it be short stories , fiction , nonfiction , biography , poetry , children's stories , or even a book if you are really ambitious ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and this is the victory that overcomes the world , our faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
Astronomy . (Filtered Words: 0)
his lips and the usually sharp lines of his jaw had become swollen-looking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] as [FILTERED] has a great fund of animal spirits , a strong voice and a warm smile . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Would it make any difference to you if I were , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Young Mercer showed a remarkable lack of aptitude for both instruments . (Filtered Words: 0)
No man's name brought more cheers when it was announced in a rodeo . (Filtered Words: 0)
Think I'm going to make you introduce a drunk as your wife ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
This serious condition , popularly known as pyorrhea , is one of the chief causes of tooth loss in adults . (Filtered Words: 0)
Speaking into the phone again and recognizing the caller , I resumed my everyday voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this , but also knew that he would go right on disliking Garth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Educational policy in the United States has as an explicit goal the maximization of economic and cultural opportunity . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- You heard me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence , the present studies offer a possible basis for interpretations in the latter field . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the first blow that was always difficult . (Filtered Words: 0)
His eyes were dazed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today whole grains are freshly ground every day and baked into bread . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , passed your road block as I drove in '' , I said , sitting on his polished desk . (Filtered Words: 0)
I must have dozed off , because I came to with a start at the sound of voices . (Filtered Words: 0)
He never smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The weather bureau has estimated that radioactive fallout from the test might arrive here next week . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout the Adirondack region abandoned farm homes and wild orchards bear ghostly testimony that their owners met defeat . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is hard to see how the situation could be otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Illinois about 13 per cent of the schools have programs , and in Pennsylvania 11 per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
it must be flexible enough to allow for technological breakthroughs , scientific progress , and changes in world conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rameau's Six Concerts En Sextuor , recorded by [FILTERED] [FILTERED] ( BAM LD 046 ) , turn out to be harpsichord pieces arranged for strings apparently by the composer himself . (Filtered Words: 2)
Therefore , third-grade children were chosen as subjects for this study . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also included in the entourage : a dog in a black sweater , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had an urgent mission : to stage a mammoth Inauguration Eve entertainment gala in the capital's National Guard Armory . (Filtered Words: 2)
But like all despots , as he builds his following from among the gullible , he grows more threatening toward those who won't follow -- such solid citizens as Doc Raccoon ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For an engine speed of 5000 rpm , a gear ratio of 4.00 to 1 , and a tire radius of 13 inches , the equation would look like this : Af (Filtered Words: 0)
That cock . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' , [FILTERED] went on , `` [FILTERED] was an up-and-coming young man . (Filtered Words: 2)
-- those were His very first creative words -- He began the world with light -- this God still gives light to a world which man has plunged into darkness . (Filtered Words: 0)
The line Af is the image of L . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where there is a victim , there is a killer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two entries in The Early Life support the assumption that during this period Hardy had virtually suspended the writing of poetry . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
His earlier love for literature and history remained with him for his entire life . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , a boy's lively eyes might rove . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose [FILTERED] knew it . (Filtered Words: 1)
No longer is the United States the only major industrial country capable of providing substantial amounts of the resources so urgently needed in the newly developed countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Halfway across the house , he could have smelled her morning perfume . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither our military , our economic nor our ideological power reached far enough '' to determine the fate of East Europe . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went into the Jewish quarter , wanting to draw [FILTERED] faces so that he could reach a visual understanding of how Christ might have looked . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Chicago contingent of modern critics follow Aristotle so far in this direction that it is hard to see how they can compare one poem with another for the purpose of evaluation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Liberated Europe (Filtered Words: 0)
But , but and but . (Filtered Words: 0)
The single-step type (Filtered Words: 0)
The final proof was a small incident . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again she snarled , and again he edged . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stayed too late , and when she left , it was dark and time to go home and cook supper for her husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
Figure 1 portrays the mean achievement scores of each sub-group graphically . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm no lawyer . (Filtered Words: 0)
He paused for a moment to look at me , then went on to the city desk to deliver his `` Today '' column . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was an almost exact copy of his father physically and it was strange to see the expected become the unexpected . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had been snared here by a vile sensuality that writhed around her throat in ever-tightening circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oso gave me an unruffled look . (Filtered Words: 0)
No joyride (Filtered Words: 0)
Even strange names seemed to make them feel closer to some kind of civilization when stumbled across out here in this wilderness . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is certainly an irrational dogmatism , in which the modern mind attempts to understand the spirit of the sixteenth century on twentieth-century terms . (Filtered Words: 0)
A driver of a dairy truck , who begins work at 1 a.m. finishes before breakfast , then goes out and grows a garden , and who has used the cannery to save and feed a family of five , asked , `` What in the world will we do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Consumer communities have suffered at the hands of the productive interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
While in the service he attended radio school at Scott Field in Belleville , Ill. . (Filtered Words: 0)
fine hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will forever be a baseball mystery how a team will suddenly start hitting after a distressing slump . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He'll bring a bottle too , and I'll get another one or maybe two while I'm out . (Filtered Words: 0)
this one did . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stood there , a large old woman , smiling at the things she would say to him in the morning , this big foolish baby of a son . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether electricity and public water and sewers are available or not , check the local customs in the use of bottled or L-P gas ( we give you alternatives later on ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
This set his tone : richness of texture and color , and another kind of richness as well , for his clothing and decorations would have paid the Brush-off's rent for a year . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had not come in yet . (Filtered Words: 1)
Jones had been about a hundred and fifty feet from her when he first broke through to the top of the Reef . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here , nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Kremlin's goal is the isolation and capture , not of Ghana , but of the United States -- and this purpose may be served very well by countries that masquerade under a `` neutralist '' mask , yet in fact are dependable auxiliaries of the Soviet Foreign Office . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy had , apparently -- if Mrs. [FILTERED] was right in what she had told [FILTERED] -- only in recent months been forced to give up college , to work as a busboy . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` I've got to get busy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The spraying operation was conducted from the rear deck of a small Naval vessel , cruising two miles off-shore and vertical to an on-sure breeze . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hitching his cartridge belt around , [FILTERED] glanced upward briefly at the Palace and started that way with [FILTERED] at his side . (Filtered Words: 2)
By Wednesday the landlord was still alive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Discussions of the giants one by one will include , as far as possible , data on these aspects of growth : size at which life is started and at which sexual maturity is reached ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I was just miserable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Armed with letters from embassies to ministers of countries , especially those in the near and far east , Mrs. [FILTERED] `` will beat the bushes for oriental talent '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
There has probably always been a bridge of some sort at the southeastern corner of the city . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why should I ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The result was grace and modesty . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said fussily , `` Just keep the cap on those strong emotions '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In both cases he desired information about placing the freedmen in homes once they arrived in the North . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was seeing , somehow , the face of a young boy , the boy [FILTERED] must once have been , a boy with sorrel hair , and blue eyes dancing with gaiety , and the boy mouth grinning trustfully among the freckles . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the door she turned back , her Roman nose looking very long now and satiric . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of these thoughts -- not all of them -- have taken organized form in later years . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was merely clearing a way to what he had to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
They mounted their horses and rode off into the hills . (Filtered Words: 0)
Palm oil protects the surfaces of steel sheets before they are plated with tin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fort Lauderdale (Filtered Words: 0)
Here is where things stand today : (Filtered Words: 0)
They lay a little too stiffly , with their eyes straining to stay closed . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the snobbery that alienates [FILTERED] from [FILTERED] finally gives way before the deeper and stronger force of love , the reunion is marked by an embarrassed handshake at which [FILTERED] exclaims : `` No , don't wipe it off -- for God's sake , give me your blackened hand '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 3)
According to the myth , Old Order then vanishes at stage left and reappears at extreme stage right , but Director [FILTERED] skillfully sidesteps the rather gooshey problem of stage effects by simply having Miss [FILTERED] walk across the stage . (Filtered Words: 2)
This is not due to any policy of discrimination on the part of the Northern universities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each plane carried two five-hundred pound bombs . (Filtered Words: 0)
This Europeanization of the law was made explicit by a number of 19th century scholars . (Filtered Words: 0)
those of 1788 were going to prove decisive , though many of their details are obscure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Estimated annual savings resulting from publication of the Journal and Bulletin on a triservice basis , as compared with the cost of producing separate periodicals for each service , were between $65,000 and $70,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
For what [FILTERED] life in this House teaches us is that loyalty and character are not divisive and there is no such thing as being for your country and neglecting your district . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] poked at it gingerly with his foot . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of course , he had done wonders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Above all , disabuse yourselves of any thought that I propose to vent moral indignation at your rifling my residence , to whimper over the loss of a few objets d'art , or to shame you into rectitude . (Filtered Words: 0)
How and when should the Peace Corps be launched ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He spoke soothingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note , too , that the [FILTERED] textile plan looks toward modernization or shrinkage of the U.S. textile industry . (Filtered Words: 1)
They stayed at hotels and boardinghouses , or at private homes . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll write what you tell me to '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He passed two brides , both wearing orchids , and they made him feel a little sad . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'd have to wait till [FILTERED]'s back from Mexico City and also while I set it up with [FILTERED] to have her have an alibi for D-night . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] imagines how Estella would look down upon [FILTERED]'s hands , roughened by work in the smithy , and the deliberate contrast between her white hands and his blackened ones is made to symbolize the opposition of values between which [FILTERED] struggles -- idleness and work , artificiality and naturalness , gentility and commonness , coldness and affection -- in fact , between Satis House and the forge . (Filtered Words: 2)
The victim was beaten when he attempted to stop the bandit . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a source of investment capital , the system is beneficial to local communities and encourages the development of industries in rural areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whenever he deigned to appear at the studio he was `` hung over '' , uncooperative , rude and insulting . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they were closer and he saw that one was a woman , he was more puzzled than ever . (Filtered Words: 0)
The air was cooler here , and the lacy pattern of the trees threw a dappled shadow on the grass , an effect which he found pleasant . (Filtered Words: 0)
College publications (Filtered Words: 0)
His mind closed on that prospect , as though fog had descended to blot out a valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nobody really expects to evacuate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frequently , wittingly or unwittingly , price-consciousness has been fostered by manufacturers , distributors , and dealers . (Filtered Words: 0)
And after [FILTERED] had talked to Mrs. [FILTERED] and to others , he was absolutely amazed . (Filtered Words: 2)
There was no evidence , either of a positive or negative type , of the actions of a Divine Being in this world ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Paint continuous lane stripes and install overhead directional lights as on our bridges . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even mobile forces must be found and destroyed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He proceeded with his task bravely -- in his memoirs , at least -- before the `` passions of my neighbors should have time to boil too high '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By clarifying fundamental premises in the social sciences , and defining the logical problems emergent at the borderlands of each new scientific discipline , philosophy can offer the sort of distinction that can accelerate growth in human understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` Right around the corner '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was [FILTERED] , the fille de chambre , come to clean the room , and while she stood before him with ears pricked up and regard all curiosity , explaining her errand , [FILTERED] could see from the corner of his eye the doctor doing all he could to calm the displeased bird . (Filtered Words: 2)
He felt a spectator interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only too often , however , you have the feeling that you are sitting in a room with some of the instruments lined up on one wall to your left and others facing them on the wall to your right . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]' first entrance seems almost a footnote to the splendor of the Coronation Scene , with its dazzling confusion of tonalities . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ah , that is simple . (Filtered Words: 0)
They simply turned to God filled with gratitude and faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are many varieties of coolers and they serve many purposes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not recognize it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The New York franchise is headed by Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A number of other nineteenth-century developments contributed to the transmutation of the law of nations into international law ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh sure ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Farther south in New York there is a heavy haze of color over the Catskills in mid-October , notably along routes 23 and 23A . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he also achieved something that endeared him to every duffer who ever flubbed a shot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Harriet was just as delighted . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] imagines how Estella would look down upon [FILTERED]'s hands , roughened by work in the smithy , and the deliberate contrast between her white hands and his blackened ones is made to symbolize the opposition of values between which [FILTERED] struggles -- idleness and work , artificiality and naturalness , gentility and commonness , coldness and affection -- in fact , between Satis House and the forge . (Filtered Words: 2)
By turns , her beautifully sung [FILTERED] is fierce , tender , venomous and pitiful . (Filtered Words: 1)
Surely she could see that these women were her Italians , too , he thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nonresident aliens living in Canada or Mexico who earn wages in the United States may be subject to withholding of tax on their wages , the same as if they were citizens of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
That the dream was a reality on the infinite progressions of universal , gradient frequencies , across which the modern professor and the priest of ancient Nippur met ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A short report and a good one (Filtered Words: 0)
Clasping his hands behind his head , he stared at the blue sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
A 6-year study of the transport properties of air at elevated temperatures has been completed . (Filtered Words: 0)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then came coconuts , eggs , and rice wine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are we better off for having [FILTERED]'s idea of [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
`` We'll see you around later '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Youngsters can sleep or amuse themselves safely in the large cabin which has 5-foot 11-inch headroom , bunks for three , galley and marine toilet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Advertisers are changing their attitudes , both as to the significance of this market and the ways of speaking to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most infamous of all was launched by the explosion of the island of Krakatoa in 1883 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Are we as safe as we should be from such a disaster ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And I went back to my own cottage to live my own little patch of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then the application of the count rules to the width ( horizontally ) of the configuration gives us an intial estimate of the probable depth of the decline . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here there may be an analogy with cancer : we can detect cancers by their rapidly accelerating growth , determinable only when related to the more normal rate of healthy growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of World War 2 , , free Europe was ready for a new beginning . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were camped beside a large column-shaped boulder : a man , his lubra , and two children . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She married our baby boy , [FILTERED] , this summer '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is exactly what happened in the transition from baroque to rococo music . (Filtered Words: 0)
This has survived the years but there has been considerable concern among the tenants over the fact that the oil was not metered . (Filtered Words: 0)
) If your employer reimburses you for expenses incurred , you deduct such expenses if they otherwise qualify . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not quite '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hollered hoarsely , `` Hang on '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Peasants puzzled [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It also happened with the Inauguration , which was not re-run at all during the evening hours , and I wrote to the TV editor of the Times . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's year-round , and everywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
It required both a quick and swift hoss and a darin' rider . (Filtered Words: 0)
He in turn told her she demanded too much . (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is greater than its maximum allotment , and if so lower its unadjusted allotment to its maximum allotment . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] sobbed like a girl for the dreams he had had , and he felt no shame . (Filtered Words: 1)
These would be his hardest years , she knew , and he missed his father desperately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Officials provided a temporary passport , good only for return to the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
This agency accepted responsibility for medical services to a population ranging from 638,560 persons in 1941 to 840,503 in 1956 in the Kwango District and adjacent areas east of Leopoldville . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wouldn't be going to get that for an hour or so after [FILTERED] had left , go do the daily shopping . (Filtered Words: 1)
Seasonal rises or drops in temperature are bad for wine : they age it prematurely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , the bridal pair has many adjustments to make to their new situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may remind one of Russia , China or East Berlin ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The photochemical reaction cells consisted of 10 mm. i.d. Pyrex tubing , 5.5 cm. long , diffraction effects being minimized by the fact that the light passed through only liquid-glass interfaces and not gas-glass interfaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
His name's [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Outside , the garden , the tame wilderness , yielded a patchwork bouquet of daisies , sweet william , scented stock and lady's bedstraw , which she tied with long grasses and took back to show [FILTERED] , who was now stirring about the kitchen and haranguing [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
It is the purpose of Armed Forces Day to give Americans an opportunity to honor men of the Armed Forces , those who have made the supreme sacrifice , those who remain to preserve our security . (Filtered Words: 0)
He snatched at it savagely . (Filtered Words: 0)
place design-side up on plaster board . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the spirit he wished to call out would not , he knew , come in the person of the temple priest . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] manufacturing operations are in Lubbock . (Filtered Words: 1)
It must be getting more serious . (Filtered Words: 0)
approaching shore their masts appeared first . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nearly level areas are required for parking areas , beaches , camp areas , ballfields , etcetera . (Filtered Words: 0)
The misery of [FILTERED]'s bitterness can be felt today by anyone who studies the case -- it was hopeless , agonizing , and destructive , with [FILTERED] herself bearing the heaviest burden of shame and pain . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` That ain't your name , Mister '' , the boy accused . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though Americans usually lived in groups segregated by national origin or religious belief , they liked to work and shop in the noise and vitality of downtown . (Filtered Words: 0)
All seven recognized that independence was but the first step toward building a nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The convicts were put in chains , paraded before the congregation at the Reverend [FILTERED]'s lecture as an example , and sent to prisons in various towns , where they languished all winter , chains included . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ann was plainly disappointed in his appearance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Across the front of a yard and down the side , they were iron , either spiked along the top or arched in half circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately , a general formula of wide applicability solves all problems of this kind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who's '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Leisurely he climbed on to the wagon next to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I even ferreted out the materials from which shields were made -- linden wood covered with leather -- so I'd get the light reflections accurate . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is some reality to this ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mental telepathy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The board of regents of Paris Junior College has named Dr. [FILTERED] of Hays , Kan. as the school's new president . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Ain't she a beauty , though '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He is , first and foremost , a defender of public morals , a servant of society . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , some -- Anzilotti is the principle example -- went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm , Pacta sunt Servanda . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were stains here and there and he cleaned them off , using an oiled rag he found on a nail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later they would be hoisted into place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lumber dealers and lumber manufacturers have agreed on a standard unit for unitized shipments -- 48'' '' wide by a nominal 30'' '' high ( or six McCracken packets 24'' '' wide by nominal 7'' '' high ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` To a ranch in the valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stiffened in anger . (Filtered Words: 1)
Despite the excitement being caused by the trial and sentence of [FILTERED] , Rhode Islanders turned their attention to the state elections . (Filtered Words: 1)
The first argument is thus an ideal experiment in which we use the method of difference . (Filtered Words: 0)
A match flared , and he reached above his head to light a lantern which hung from a wire loop . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thoroughly Wised up . (Filtered Words: 0)
The resulting , indescribable torment affects every Southern mind and is the basis of the Southern hysteria . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get in '' , [FILTERED] said brusquely . (Filtered Words: 1)
To have refused would have been political suicide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Victory Sun , p , 2:04 has trained in 2:24 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
spice is a fact of life in the U.S.A. . (Filtered Words: 0)
The esplanade eliminates [FILTERED]. , which on original plans ran through the center of the development . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sources of data : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , I was a little bit confused . (Filtered Words: 0)
The importance of particle size in such aerosols has been thoroughly demonstrated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among my school and neighborhood friends , during the next months , I bragged and swaggered and pompously described my impending date . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the root issue for which the United States should stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is no coincidence that the hebephrenic patient , the most severely dedifferentiated of all schizophrenic patients , shows , as one of his characteristic symptoms , laughter -- laughter which now makes one feel scorned or hated , which now makes one feel like weeping , or which now gives one a glimpse of the bleak and empty expanse of man's despair ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , with a shrug of pretended indifference , she took a compact from her purse and went through the motions of fixing her make-up . (Filtered Words: 0)
He steered me to the right track -- the free enterprise track '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
But none of this could soothe the exacerbated nerves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alfred , who was a good deal older than [FILTERED] , had treated him like a son , and when [FILTERED] decided to stay in business with [FILTERED] instead of going with Alfred , Alfred looked on the decision as a betrayal . (Filtered Words: 3)
The composer may reverse or invert the order of his original set of intervals ( or rhythms or dynamic changes ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
If anything may be predicted in the quicksilver world of retailing , it seems likely that the suburban branch will come to dominate children's clothing ( taking the kid downtown is too much of a production ) , household gadgetry and the discount business in big-ticket items . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , here was something of obvious importance to me , yet when I reached for the tickets he snatched them away from my hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
He loathed the idea of drying up swamps or the chills of malaria or of leaving his natural birthright . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once the scene is set , [FILTERED] skilfully builds up the tense story until it reaches its climax in the dramatic victory of Marlborough and Eugene of Savoy at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
I withdrew my hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Branch Offices are located in other large cities . (Filtered Words: 0)
A further regulation is that commands always go down , unaccompanied by statements , and statements always go up , unaccompanied by commands . (Filtered Words: 0)
A runt with narrow shoulders and that brush haircut hell , you'd pass for a juvenile delinquent of the hotrod set . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked [FILTERED] , his voice getting harsher in spite of himself , as he struggled to control his growing anger . (Filtered Words: 1)
' church meets change ' (Filtered Words: 0)
What about that dear , clever Mr. [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Reports are that it is more than probable that the four congressmen from Mississippi who did not support the party ticket will be stripped of the usual patronage which flows to congressmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither spoke till they reached their horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
In hard-surface cleaning , the inorganic salts are more important than the organic active . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes strong stress serves to focus an important secondary relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in the meantime the beer-runner , unhappy with this solution , telephoned [FILTERED] and returned to O'Banion with the message : `` Say , [FILTERED] , I just been talking to [FILTERED] , and he said to let them cops have the three hundred . (Filtered Words: 3)
[FILTERED] , for example , once said that America was a paradise -- the only one in the history of the world -- for workingmen and small children . (Filtered Words: 1)
All natural food fats fall into one of three categories -- saturated , mono-unsaturated and poly-unsaturated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Question at issue : How big a vote should be necessary to restrict Senate debate -- and thereby cut off legislation-delaying filibusters ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The symbol for subtraction is the standard minus sign . (Filtered Words: 0)
An entire theater had been set up for his diversion , with a 200-man Italian orchestra under the well-known Sarti . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have said before how difficult it is to make any precise statements with regard to the character of the Greek and Elizabethan public . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was [FILTERED]'s suggestion ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He talked about unauthentic storylines too . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] use is multiplying daily , and the bulk of the newcomers are those maligned Americans , the teen-agers . (Filtered Words: 1)
Unless I'm crazy as hell , they're two of Painter's dicks . (Filtered Words: 0)
For an example let's dream up an engine that has a final combustion chamber volume of 5 cubic inches and a cylinder volume of 45 cubic inches . (Filtered Words: 0)
these were Oersted's main contacts in science . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pike was stunned by the first blast against his character , which was published in the March 4th issue of The [FILTERED] under the name `` [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
But it will include 200-odd officeholders , organization leaders and `` interested party people '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is why , the argument runs , the squares are so fearful of jazz and yet perversely fascinated by it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The value derived was 16 microseconds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Them's brains '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next week , cousin Red wandered in as casually , but curt and untidy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dead spirits occupied a prominent place in every hope and in every fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was left out of him at birth . (Filtered Words: 0)
before it was sprawled the mangled corpse of the bearded stranger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh he was smart . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the key fact emerging from Sunday's national election . (Filtered Words: 0)
After notching it for the keelson , chines and battens , the half-inch plywood transom is secured to it with glue and the same type nails . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Republican survey says [FILTERED] won the '60 election on the religious issue . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was going to be sensible and not try to do anything rash with that gun pointed at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this organization , about half of the engineers with 15 or more years of employment are in supervision , engineering or elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be a sign for the untellable , and he , Adam , would understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
A little more than twenty years ago the American people turned an important corner . (Filtered Words: 0)
That fire's too big . (Filtered Words: 0)
But for the start of the Santa Cruz run , the whip fell . (Filtered Words: 0)
) `` I hope if you have any ideas along these lines you will write me about them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Listen , mister . (Filtered Words: 0)
the 3 , T'ai-Shan in Shantung , East China ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But the use of stress in comparison and contrast , for example , can undermine distinctions such as these . (Filtered Words: 0)
In conformance with the maximization principle we affirm that [FILTERED] relations will be harmonious or inharmonious to the degree that one relation or the other is expected by the active participants to yield the greatest net advantage , taking all value outcomes and effects into consideration . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You think [FILTERED]'s the one we're looking for '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much happened in this field during the past 12 months . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told me he vowed right then that if he ever got to be a star , this never would be said of him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Try to imagine you're going to be murdered yourself -- between eleven p.m. and one a.m. the night you arrive '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , the list is interesting for its omissions . (Filtered Words: 0)
A major portion of the credit should also go to flautist Haumd for his rendering of the almost impossible `` Indianapolis '' movement in the Baslot . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the end of the line '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For hotels with 1000 rooms , the increased license fee would mean an expense of $5000 a year , Goodis said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Data on the former are scanty , but there can be little doubt that the latter is sometimes born at a length greater than that of any of the others , thereby lending support to the belief that the anaconda does , indeed , attain the greatest length . (Filtered Words: 0)
From under the shapeless huddle of blanket the feet moved in the mud . (Filtered Words: 0)
The return spring tension may be adjusted to suit individual requirements by gripping the spring housing with a pair of pliers ( to prevent the spring from unwinding when it is released ) , loosening the lock nut or screw , and rotating the housing until the desired tension is achieved . (Filtered Words: 0)
You cannot get along without an adequate supply of pure water . (Filtered Words: 0)
That theme cuts through hypocrisies , complacency and double-talk . (Filtered Words: 0)
His name's [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He made a fool of you , Lester '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once the grains are ground , vitamin E begins to deteriorate immediately and half of it is lost by oxidation and exposure to the air within one week . (Filtered Words: 0)
Folklore is his hobby , and he , all too rightly , wishes it to remain as such . (Filtered Words: 0)
) in effusive congratulation to Pip on his expectations . (Filtered Words: 0)
To a [FILTERED] , there was only one church . (Filtered Words: 1)
Engages must be loyal to the concessionaires , and must serve until the term provided in the engagement was ended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now I learn I cannot enter Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to showing an Irish Setter throughout the year , she also scored with an Afghan . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a particularly marvelous opportunity for study in this area since almost every stage of pregnancy was represented , from a childless couple to and including every trimester . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the oldest , most persistent , and most cohesive forms of social groupings have grown out of religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm a slob '' , he announced . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the figure of [FILTERED] has obviously drawn on his studies of T. E. [FILTERED] ( though [FILTERED] fights on the side of the Turks instead of against them ) , and like both [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] himself he is a fervent admirer of Nietzsche . (Filtered Words: 4)
They got tin cups of coffee from the big pot on the coosie's fire , rolled and lighted brown-paper cigarettes , lounged about . (Filtered Words: 0)
Critical evaluation of all data compiled is not a primary aim of this project . (Filtered Words: 0)
It can manifest itself before discharge from service , or it can come out years later . (Filtered Words: 0)
but if it had been , it had been smothered until now by fear ) : you could tell it by the way she watched the older , bigger boys , like [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` They don't like it if I do anything away from home . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the aged horses : Mr. [FILTERED] , p , 2:00.2 , [FILTERED] , p , 2:04.2 , Mighty Signal 2:03 , [FILTERED] , p , 2:01.1 , and [FILTERED] , p , 2:02.3 have been in 2:35 ; ; (Filtered Words: 4)
Each scene is shot straight through , as had been the universal custom , from a camera fixed in a single position , but in the outdoor scenes , especially in the capture and destruction of the outlaws , [FILTERED]'s camera position breaks , necessarily , with the camera position standard until then , which had been , roughly , that of a spectator in a center orchestra seat at a play . (Filtered Words: 1)
This was also a corpse -- a male , judging from the coral arm bands , the tribal scars still discernible on the maggoty face , the painted bone of the warrior caste which still pierced the septum of the rotting nose . (Filtered Words: 0)
A comparable manufactured boat would cost close to $3,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Church expects certain things of those who become members . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think I've fixed the pump so we won't have to worry about it for a long time '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
There , [FILTERED] lit a fire in a wire basket , and [FILTERED] dropped four sealed envelopes into the flames . (Filtered Words: 2)
and I was six days going thither and coming homewards ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Many a sitter ( in a personal sitting ) has been amazed to realize that the medium was describing very vividly his state of mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
I myself was one of the skeptics ( 35 years ago ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a foreign car you must wear a cap -- it has a leather band in the back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Things like `` When You're Smiling '' , `` Almost Like Being In Love '' , `` Do It Again '' , `` Born To Wander '' , `` Alone Together '' , `` Who Cares ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
they moved [FILTERED]'s bed and the baby's basket there , and the rest of them undressed by the stove and ran groaning and shivering to the upper polar regions and plunged into icy beds . (Filtered Words: 1)
Get Happy , junior '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Comprehensive examination of any policy question calls for the performance of the intellectual tasks inseparable from any problem-solving method . (Filtered Words: 0)
For five days now , they had been in port and that filthy stuff was still in the hold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ritter proceeded , `` You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820 , you will have to reckon . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nightmare of a clash between those in trouble in Africa , exacerbated by the difficulties , changes , and tragedies facing them , and other allies who intellectually and emotionally disapprove of the circumstances that have brought these troubles about , has been conspicuous by its absence . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in every period it has been humanism '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Animals eat only from one side , so the fence-line bunk must be twice as long as the mechanical bunk . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to continue to divorce advanced students from reality is inexcusable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Coupling its own budget of $83,750 with a $30,000 state grant authorized by Gov. [FILTERED] , the group expects to sign a contract in March with Georgia Tech. . (Filtered Words: 1)
The existing Army posts were wholly inadequate . (Filtered Words: 0)
They lacked time to prepare the Congo , as the British and French had prepared their colonies . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It would make me feel a lot better , but the Woman's Exchange isn't taking baked goods any more and I can't leave the baby with [FILTERED] because she isn't strong enough and the baby's too young to be put in a nursery '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Slowly and deliberately she reached down and touched the lace with her fingers , then hesitated for about a second . (Filtered Words: 0)
The materials for a double-wall shelter would cost about $700 . (Filtered Words: 0)
a lady drunk on her hands and knees who carries the hero around on her back while he throws pillow feathers in her face ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Got no business over here on a stake-out anyway '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She too began to weep . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sure , I know . (Filtered Words: 0)
She locked the ignition , removed the keys , stepped out of the car and went into the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] tried to flatten against the banister , gripped it with one hand , but [FILTERED]' full weight struck him at that moment in the groin . (Filtered Words: 2)
On the basis of the findings which led to this conclusion , the Court remanded the case to the District Court to determine the appropriate relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had had a party with a regular visitor , Dr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A third cell can be added by storing the address of another Y-cell in Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is in the matter of preoccupation with death , which is the primary concern of the book , that Remarque's failure is plainest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence the minimal polynomial for Af is Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you're really serious about working on that story , I'd better take you home '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many subjects attributed differences in Kohnstamm reactivity to differences in degrees of subjective control -- voluntary as the Kohnstamm-positive subjects perceived it and involuntary as the Kohnstamm-negative subjects perceived it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been dreaming . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mough -- it's my mough '' , the man said , trying to talk without moving his lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , reserve the right to demand proof of death despite the fact that you'll probably never use it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps the lesson we should take from these pages is that the welfare state in England still allows wild scope for all kinds of rugged eccentrics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , it requires more time as compared to the automatic approach . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would seem to represent esprit de corps run riot . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't enjoy family quarrels '' , Adam said . (Filtered Words: 0)
And not one of the four men who attended all the schools has ever been called on to apply any of his knowledge in any way . (Filtered Words: 0)
New Hampshire figures its peak around Columbus Day and boasts of all its hardwoods including the yellow of the birches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , check for leaks in your hoses and hose connections , around the freeze-out plugs , gaskets , water pump seals and heater fittings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World -- the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated -- the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America -- the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , [FILTERED] , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , [FILTERED] -- the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art -- the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . (Filtered Words: 2)
These were heroes nine feet tall to him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feathertop aimed a finger at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
She slapped the receiver into its holder and stepped away . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is something which most of us try to get out from under . (Filtered Words: 0)
A story goes that a certain Herr Feuchtwanger of St. Louis , around 1883 served his sausages ( grilled ) and mustard to his fancy customers . (Filtered Words: 0)
If it were primarily a believing fellowship , it would recruit believers from all social and economic ranks , something which most congregations of the New Protestantism ( with a few notable exceptions ) have not been able to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , man may not supplant or frustrate the physical arrangements established by God , who through the law of rhythm has provided a natural method for the control of conception . (Filtered Words: 0)
All dressing ( undressing to be more exact ) must be done in our small bath house or at the swimmers' homes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither is adequate if it stands alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the later poems , however , the personal tone predominates . (Filtered Words: 0)
But now she sank lower to the rock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Use white or buff clay , rolled to 3/16'' '' thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
I got there at 9:47 A.M. , found her strangled . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. [FILTERED]'s death . (Filtered Words: 1)
This work will cover the most serious one-fourth of all land needing such treatment , and will consist of burning 250,000 acres of highly hazardous debris concentration , felling snags on 350,000 acres of high lightning-occurrence areas , prescribed burning on 3.5 million acres , removing roadside fuel on 39,000 acres , and clearing and maintaining 11,000 miles of firebreaks . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] found himself leaning against the desk , with stiff hands , panting for breath . (Filtered Words: 1)
In The Publick Spirit of the [FILTERED] , it may be noted , Swift himself contemptuously dismissed [FILTERED]'s reference to his friend at court : `` I suppose by the Style of old Friend , and the like , it must be some Body there of his own Level ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
What ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The major effect of these advances appears to lie in the part they have played in the industrial revolution and in the tools which scientific understanding has given us to build and manipulate a more protective environment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The name : [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The union does not regard unemployment of its own members as a matter of concern when setting its own wage policy -- its concern with employment makes itself felt in pressure upon the government to maintain full employment . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had no desire to linger himself but Hub reported that the mob outside was still large despite the efforts of the police to disperse them . (Filtered Words: 1)
Like [FILTERED] , I can't see something like this happening to me . (Filtered Words: 1)
Assessors in Rhode Island are charged not only with placing a valuation upon real and personal property , but they also have the responsibility to raise by a tax `` a sum not less than nor more than '' a specified amount as ordered by a city council or financial town meeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Baroque instrumental music in Italy and Germany tends to be strong , lively , intense , controlled and quite abstract . (Filtered Words: 0)
Diethylstilbestrol . (Filtered Words: 0)
During early childhood , children are more interested in the approval of their parents and teachers than they are in the approval of other children ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It ticked over smoothly , idling while Fogg exchanged mails with the armed messenger from Burlington at Fort [FILTERED] , and one from Montpelier and [FILTERED] at the St. John field . (Filtered Words: 2)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Three seconds flat is the usual time , and the space is crossed by moderate mileage , while the overwhelming immensity of such journeys must be conceived as a static pulsation through an enormous number of coexistent frequencies which perpetuate all events . (Filtered Words: 0)
To old-line Democrats , the Hearst Presidential boom , now in full cry , was the joke of the new century . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same instant , [FILTERED] screamed wildly , the sound ending abruptly as [FILTERED] went off the boat and into the water on top of the frantic , struggling Poet . (Filtered Words: 2)
Kind Mr. [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
`` As you know , General [FILTERED] has been occupying Beverly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Approximately four years ago , we initiated a dual ladder of advancement for technical persons . (Filtered Words: 0)
For three straight years , [FILTERED] patrolled the southern Wyoming pastures , and how many men he killed after [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] ( if he killed [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] ) will never be known . (Filtered Words: 5)
Two weeks ago she had gone west to Pearson City . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ship always chose its own partner . (Filtered Words: 0)
One might have expected that such a violent epoch of transition would have destroyed the creative flair of a composer , especially one whose works were so fluent and spontaneous . (Filtered Words: 0)
I now felt it wiser to keep [FILTERED]-dear in school and -- during the summers -- at a camp run by the Society of Friends all year around . (Filtered Words: 1)
A workbench had a heavy top and sturdy legs , but how did you attach sturdy legs to a heavy top so that the whole thing didn't wobble like a newborn calf and ultimately collapse when you leaned on it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , after 24 years in the Senate , Rhode Island's durable Democrat [FILTERED] -- having walked , swum and cerebrated himself to the hearty age of 93 -- left that august body ( voluntarily , because he could surely have been re-elected had he chosen to run again last November ) , as the oldest man ever to serve in the Senate . (Filtered Words: 1)
Does the surface hide a quite different picture ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
So she couldn't choose [FILTERED] as a confidant ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
It became smart to say that the fault was with Dulles because he would not countenance thinking done by anyone but himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had already been studying the Bible ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And one of the best services available to the people who try to raise and can meat , to plant , grow vegetables and put them up . (Filtered Words: 0)
The funeral service was in the house , the [FILTERED] minister , how clean and glistening his eyeglasses and his neat body standing beside that coffin with that doll inside , a stranger speaking to strangers the old sacred words , and the rain drumming incessantly in accompaniment , seven days of relentless rain that turned the ground to mud so the burial had to be postponed . (Filtered Words: 1)
namely , the law that prescribes the death penalty for murder when there seem to be no extenuating circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fossilized , formalized , precedent-based thinking of the legendary military brain was not evident in [FILTERED]'s armies . (Filtered Words: 1)
While the method of interviewing a small number of companies was appealing because of the opportunity it might have furnished to probe fully the reasons and circumstances of a company's practices and opinions , it also involved the risk of paying undue attention to the unique and peculiar problems of just a few individual companies . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're leading Dad down the garden path '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why hadn't he called ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
International Salt Co. v. United States , 332 U. S. 392 , 400-401 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These differences in turn result from the fact that my Yokuts vocabularies were built up of terms selected mainly to insure unambiguity of English meaning between illiterate informants and myself , within a compact and uniform territorial area , but that Hoijer's vocabulary is based on Swadesh's second glottochronological list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We were requested by the Secretary General , as I understand it , to discuss with you such matters as appear to us to be relevant , and we are not of course either a formal group or a committee in the sense of being guided by any rules or regulations of the Secretariat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Harcourt replied : `` I do really hope you can achieve serenity in the course of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Copies of this letter were made avaliable to the press and public . (Filtered Words: 0)
It usually turned out well for him because either he liked the right people or there were only a few wrong people in the town . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gen. Swing has received public attention before this for abuse of some of the prerogatives of his office . (Filtered Words: 0)
His casual , dreamlike working methods , often as not in absentia , were an abrupt change from Harburg's , so that [FILTERED] had to adjust again to another approach to collaboration . (Filtered Words: 1)
Still later , the realm of space technology will show substantial gains ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
With sudden energy , she went to the phone and rang [FILTERED]'s office and asked for him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The assisting musicians from the Vienna Octet are somewhat lacking in expertise , but their contribution is rustic and appealing . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a writer-turned-painter , has been a long-time friend of the President . (Filtered Words: 1)
and poetry , with all its emphasis on the passions , encourages the audience to give way to emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Far from being irrelevant to the ecumenical task , the Pontiff believes that a revivified Church is required in order that the whole world may see Catholicism in the best possible light . (Filtered Words: 0)
His colors are dark and murky , and his landscapes and cityscapes seem swallowed in gloom . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , director of field service , told the commissioners that Multnomah , as of Aug. 22 , had spent $58,918 out of its budgeted $66,000 in the category , leaving only $7,082 for the rest of the month . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had on his gray tweed overcoat and his city hat , and his brief case lay on the bench . (Filtered Words: 0)
They hire a good deal of local labor , including two members of our Trustee Board . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whenever possible , use the wooden mold as a pattern for cutting clay . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had something more to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both eventualities are possible logically , but practically they are impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] thought it a more promising remark than any made during the last conversation , but Charlotte's manner during the gatherings was more flippant and superficial than when she was alone with him and he was sure her remark would lead to nothing much better than the pointless words which had preceded it . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Sure '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Magnum rim-fires . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I'll know how to handle you next time '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Travel allowances . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was standing in front of the mirror , tightening his tie . (Filtered Words: 0)
; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now , ain't it the truth '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The President of the United States , pursuant to a Joint Resolution of Congress , has issued a proclamation each year since 1933 declaring May 22nd to be National Maritime Day . (Filtered Words: 0)
It dealt mainly with a broad range of East-West issues . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is only one trouble with this big , beautiful dream . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alex asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both , of course , were remarkable feats and further embossed the fact that baseball rightfully is the national pastime . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was thinking , big deal : skipper on his drunken fishing parties for seven years and no better off than when I started . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pressure gradient producing the jet is due to the nature of the magnetic field in the arc ( rapid decrease of current density from cathode to the anode ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
But then , he hadn't studied very hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
It raises the voice , bein in camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reproducibilities of helium vapor-pressure thermometers have been investigated in conjunction with a `` constant temperature '' liquid helium bath from 4.2 to 1.8 Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
He will ever be my example as a true statesman ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Koreans fell back , but regrouped at the top of the hill and pinned down the cavalrymen with a screen of fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
If there had been , he would have found a loophole , because [FILTERED] is one golfer who knows the code as thoroughly as the man who wrote the book . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the top of the stairs he ran into somebody standing there angrily in a dressing gown . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Receiving '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several defendants in the Summerdale police burglary trial made statements indicating their guilt at the time of their arrest , Judge [FILTERED] was told in Criminal court yesterday . (Filtered Words: 1)
He can make you work papers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Surrounding it are metal cans of grains ordered from organic farms in the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Third ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
On November 22 , 1859 , the Providence Daily Journal stated that although [FILTERED]'s `` pluck '' and honest fanaticism must be admired , any honor paid to [FILTERED] would only induce other fanatics to imitate his actions . (Filtered Words: 2)
In the spring , it must have been , he began working on the play that he called The House , which later would be Mannerhouse . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that time it was a series of sophisticated social dances whose steps were often combined with other steps devised by the choreographer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There is non-fiction and non non-fiction '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
unfortunately , no one has kept complete records of one individual , whereas many have been made for a very short period of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
but packed in that metallic ball there was the explosive force of 20,000 tons of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Michigan soldier stationed in Georgia wrote in 1864 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
It was shown that by proper anode design the net energy loss of the arc to the anode could be reduced to approximately 15% of the total arc energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
A bee's place is in the hive '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can you visualize being stranded with him on a desert island for years and years and still find him fascinating ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside it was already hot at 7:30 A.M. , and it was getting hot in the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was so hungry my stomach felt all lines of communication had been severed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two of the principal addresses were delivered by prominent Protestants , and when the speaker was a Catholic , one `` discussant '' on the dais tended to be of another religious persuasion . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is really as though the Russians have seen in this character the oftentimes underlying vitality and courage of supposed buffoons . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Before God , Captain , I am innocent '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
So don't see yourself as a heroine or fancy this little adventure is an event of major importance '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lester heard their muttering , saw their eyes reveal their desire . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was something on which K. himself seemed to have some doubts ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They escorted him down from the porch and through the rain to his office . (Filtered Words: 0)
The accuracy of the Jet cartridge is fine ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It also cools the air in summer and nourishes the trees and wild life . (Filtered Words: 0)
In May 1959 , prednisone , 30 mg. daily , replaced the dexamethasone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The arrangement turned out to be excellent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Featherbed reversal (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , another Denver rookie , will be on the mound against veteran [FILTERED] at 8 o'clock Tuesday night . (Filtered Words: 2)
Finally , the theatrical ( and perversely erotic ) notions of dressing up , cosmetics , disguise , and especially change of costume ( or singularity of costume , as with [FILTERED] ) , are characteristically associated with the catastrophes of Mann's stories . (Filtered Words: 1)
I ask you all to support me in this . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are non-conformists on principle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Few students are really so faceless in the not-so-lonely crowd of the swelling population in our institutions of higher learning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shall we therefore oppose the plan ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Help asked (Filtered Words: 0)
The flat-bottomed boat swung slowly to the pull of the current . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be pretty difficult to install a Tri-State system in old neighborhoods , and that's an understatement . (Filtered Words: 0)
When you're playing like that you'd better attack '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Walk through the streets of Harlem and see what we , this nation , have become . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , [FILTERED] thought a little sadly , these were the fees of poverty and ambition . (Filtered Words: 1)
You're a taxpayer , householder , landlord . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1806 his ambition was realized and he became professor of physics at the Copenhagen University , though not realizing full professorship ( ordinarius ) until 1817 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But can one , really ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The bad early poems are bad [FILTERED] or bad [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Wherefore I thynke yow maye doo good yff yow can have money '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Viewed from afar , the CDC looks like a rather stalwart political pyramid : its elected directorate fans out into an array of district leaders and standing committees , and thence into its component clubs and affiliated groups -- 500 or so . (Filtered Words: 0)
And another time , without accusation : `` You never wore that scarf I bought you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll shore be needing ye both on the pull out o' the canyon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The recommended level for sheep is 2 milligrams daily , and this level should be maintained . (Filtered Words: 0)
If economic integration really shapes congregational life , then evangelism should be a process of extending economic integration . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not that they had been contracted for during the interval ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Another factor that may hold hope is for parallel recognition is , as one man says it : `` that the fad for educating top people along managerial lines is yielding to the technically trained approach '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( cf. Wetter , 1952 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You are to be accused of Arianism to confuse the religious who remain loyal '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , [FILTERED] makes an ideal master of ceremonies . (Filtered Words: 1)
A man named [FILTERED] , playwright-director , had expressed a wish that [FILTERED] drop dead . (Filtered Words: 2)
Many of his poems purported to be exactly contemporary and political ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is difficult to draw the line between stereotype and the reality of the jazz musician . (Filtered Words: 0)
then all four gathering on the sofa to face the inquisitor . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soil type , drainage , or degree of slope can make the difference between good crops and poor ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the entire state Democratic hierarchy , from Gov. [FILTERED] on down to the county chairmen , also participates in this huge operation . (Filtered Words: 1)
It doesn't embrace only the artist , alone before his easel . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
To anyone who remembers Newport at its less than maximum violence , this view of what the boys and girls do in the springtime before they wing north for the Jazz Festival ought to prove entertaining . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some chaps that know an area well can make their way by landmarks , a tree here , a wash here , a boulder there . (Filtered Words: 0)
For shooting the interiors of the famous ante-bellum Southern mansions make sure your equipment includes a tripod . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't mean Miss [FILTERED] ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
This temporary Peace Corps is being established under existing authority in the Mutual Security Act and will be located in the Department of State . (Filtered Words: 0)
No child , this tart , she must have been thirty-five or even forty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Willings would ambush , certainly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was standing beside it , facing the field . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is a New South emerging , a South losing the folksy traditions of an agrarian society with the rapidity of an avalanche -- especially within recent decades . (Filtered Words: 0)
But over and beyond the compelling need for a binding precedent decision , I am convinced that the decisions of the Superior Courts which in effect nullify the Secretary's Regulation are not a correct interpretation of the Secretary's power under the Federal law . (Filtered Words: 0)
This work is no favorite of mine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who ain't '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
refusal to adjudicate is another . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are many grammatical misconstructions other than dangling modifiers and anatomicals which permit two different interpretations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Research projects as soon as possible on the causes and prevention of dependency and illegitimacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , if it is not repealed by the Congress at its present session , I shall have no alternative thereafter but to direct the Secretary of Defense to disregard the section unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is the first contact a Skid Row figure talks to after he decides he wants to pick himself up . (Filtered Words: 1)
( H ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood looking down for a few seconds , then backed up two or three paces from the edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeming much relieved , she smiled one of those worth-waiting-for smiles , and I smiled all the way into the bedroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where was [FILTERED] waiting with the rifle ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged . (Filtered Words: 0)
The writer took a class of college students to the state hospital for the mentally ill in St. Joseph , Missouri . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was nothing in particular on the man's face . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was all my fault . (Filtered Words: 0)
Writing in a large volume on the nude in painting and sculptures , titled The Nude : A Study In Ideal Form , [FILTERED] declares : `` The human body , as a nucleus , is rich in associations . (Filtered Words: 1)
The decking is quarter-inch mahogany marine plywood . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] cornering the gift shop market in Lauderdale . (Filtered Words: 1)
It would be pretty difficult to install a Tri-State system in old neighborhoods , and that's an understatement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The heat drove the guerrillas back . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] moved over beside the door and waited . (Filtered Words: 1)
In appearance and construction it resembles the Pascataqua bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ride '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew who was riding after him -- the men he had known all his life , the men who had worked for him , sworn their loyalty to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the words are used , we are never sure which of the traditional meanings the user may have in mind , or to what extent his revisions and rejections of former understandings correspond to ours . (Filtered Words: 0)
He strode past the now frightened man , entered the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
Food , medical supplies , utensils , and equipment , if not already stored in the shelter , must be quickly gathered up and carried into it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] a witness (Filtered Words: 1)
Fads , facts (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] dropped a chicken and a flurry of feathers , and went with her through the drizzle , to the storehouse . (Filtered Words: 1)
regarded from the inside , it is the carrying into action of a certain thought The historian's business is to penetrate to the inside of the actions with which he is dealing and reconstruct or rather rethink the thoughts which constituted them . (Filtered Words: 0)
predispositions regarding intelligence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all , as a matter of fact , consider themselves `` mediums '' in the sense of receiving messages from the deceased . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Georgia Legislature will wind up its 1961 session Monday and head for home -- where some of the highway bond money it approved will follow shortly . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a ridiculous situation and Rector knew it , for [FILTERED] , frankly partisan , openly gregarious , would make a poor espionage agent . (Filtered Words: 1)
Finish your plumbing before you frame it in ( most economical framing is a thin non-bearing partition on either side of the pipes ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the same period , 431 presentations by members of the staff were made to local , national , and international medical groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
In following this general principle , Mason provides the observer with a natural eye progression from foreground to background , and the illusion of depth is instantly created . (Filtered Words: 0)
Example . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] couldn't help but be touched . (Filtered Words: 1)
Factors responsible for the spoilage of foods (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They are determined '' , Montgomery writes , `` not to be surprised again , and now insist on a state of readiness for war which is not only unnecessary , but also creates nervousness among other nations in the Western Alliance -- not to mention such great suspicions among the nations of the Eastern bloc that any progress towards peaceful coexistence or disarmament is not possible '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the fall of that year the best musicians of the Berlin and Frankfurt [FILTERED] orchestras joined under the combined efforts of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] to become the Palestine Orchestra -- now known as the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra -- with [FILTERED] as founder-conductor . (Filtered Words: 4)
Only me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Time-servers , though the periphrastic expressions are , they may nevertheless be handsome or ironic or humorous . (Filtered Words: 0)
but a few seconds later she was standing directly across the room from me , looking me in the eyes and saying in a scathingly condemnatory tone , `` Your father despises you '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
They looked a good deal alike , [FILTERED] thought . (Filtered Words: 1)
But what significance attaches to `` professional '' , beyond the narrow sense of skillfulness in meeting a client's stated needs as already noted ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We received 76 out-of-state visitors interested in investigating Rhode Island's industrial advantages , and Industrial Division personnel made 55 out-of-state follow-up visits . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're the doctor '' , he returned with a smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , `` I notice the girl from across the street hasn't bothered to phone or visit '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another spot with an image-provoking name is the Black Hills where you can visit the old frontier mining town of Deadwood . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked around , self-consciously . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How ya gonna keep 'em down on the farm '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He said to his partner . (Filtered Words: 0)
The artist who paints in oil uses drying oils to carry the pigments and to protect his finished work for the ages . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're gonna get caught '' , she heard Joel say to [FILTERED] by the pump one morning . (Filtered Words: 1)
In each city quick public reaction and fast action by the city government halted the threats of more serious incidents . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is this the type of citizen you desire '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Maguire family was setting up a separate camp nearby . (Filtered Words: 0)
After this deal with the Bouvardier woman went through . (Filtered Words: 0)
And as they go through college , the students tend to bring their political position in line with that prevalent in the social groups to which they belong . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Such as '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As Rector was walking back toward the residential hall , [FILTERED] came out of the basement and bounded up to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
roads and river barges to be built . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the opening of the trial , the jury panel was questioned as a group by Mr. [FILTERED] about [FILTERED] connections . (Filtered Words: 2)
The vacation traffic was becoming heavier as they approached the sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
And what better way to end a day than by dining with artists and gourmets in a squat but charming fisherman's village on the Mediterranean ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Commerce Secretary [FILTERED] seems to have been cast in the role of pacemaker for official Washington's economic forecasters . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'm on my way '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not an exaggeration to say that the state government has little or no fiscal control over these units of government . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw holes in planes at the airport and in cars in the streets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing could be seen from the floor , but by moving around the gallery one could get glimpses ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
soon she was parading around the house , flaunting her new skill . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following month the invasion of Italy was begun , and [FILTERED] gave effect to his warning by consenting to the stockpiling of poison gas in southern Italy . (Filtered Words: 1)
The door was locked . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said , `` Mr. [FILTERED] , it is as authentic as careful research can make it '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The critical task for every president and his academic administrative staff is to assure that the college or university continually rebuilds and regenerates itself so that its performance will match changing social demands . (Filtered Words: 0)
How do you tell a college president that your son doesn't know what he wants to do ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Rough cloth rasped his fist . (Filtered Words: 0)
So they stayed quiet and hung not on what he said but on how he said it , not listening exactly , but rather , feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stars for marriage (Filtered Words: 0)
Nara , Osaka , and Hiroshima (Filtered Words: 0)
The wash wheel rotates at a speed of 30 revolutions per minute , making five to ten revolutions before reversing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hydraulic '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and in the third place , it would cost a fortune to reproduce in the first place -- you've got six colors there including gold '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who was running the colony , felt constrained to move seven miles south where , with others -- as mentioned above -- he founded Newport . (Filtered Words: 1)
But since the gourmet insisted that it is done that way at the most fashionable dinners , the girl reluctantly agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh he's a second cousin or something . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , we should recognize that the obstacles to change and the lack of cohesion and stability which characterize these countries may make them particularly prone to diversions and external adventures of all sorts . (Filtered Words: 0)
He straightened up , alert now as the buffalo hunter came closer . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the spate of female vocalists we have been having , all of whom took [FILTERED] as a point of departure and then tried to see what they could do that might make her seem old hat , it seemed that all that has happened is to make the real thing seem better than ever . (Filtered Words: 1)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
but I do not believe that these examples are meant to be used as justification for our own crimes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll be shootin' right back '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He declared the government is thinking of asking for foreign troops if the situation worsens . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh yes '' , Mama laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
as if the coating of sweat , dirt , and ashes were a cosmetic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , after I'm back , another fifty so you can put some mileage on yourself and have a solid alibi somewhere while I take care of your seat cover boy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But what made the load lighter was the realization that every officer , non-com and trooper was ready and willing to help him carry it , for the good of the troop and the regiment . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is worthwhile to recall that Fromm's treatment has both descriptive and normative aspects . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Carwood didn't tell you that '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Old and new briefly crossed paths in the U.S. Senate , then went their respective ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
The general intellectual outlook which had appeared in the eleventh century was now consolidated to a significant degree . (Filtered Words: 0)
Esther looked at me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Merchant Marine is the `` Fourth Arm of Defense '' , for a strong and effective American Merchant Marine is essential to the economy and security of our Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why is that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
let them learn to `` swing '' freely , to let go , to become authentically themselves , and then perhaps civilization will be saved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negligence in garbage and rubbish collections and alley cleaning is great . (Filtered Words: 0)
We know that we have hydrogen in water ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Experiments have shown that the shutter is 75 percent open in about 60-80 microseconds . (Filtered Words: 0)
They will seek to eliminate conflict in their international economic policies and will encourage economic collaboration between any and all of them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No sympathy or admiration for [FILTERED] could be found in the Providence Daily Post , for the editor claimed that there were a score of men in the state prison who were a thousand times more deserving of sympathy . (Filtered Words: 1)
In May 1960 , the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology began a series of articles on the `` Medical Museum '' , and in June , the Institute started contributing a regular monthly `` Case For Diagnosis '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One such group got all incensed over shelled `` children '' when [FILTERED] was just turning fourteen . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cannon , a powerful , conservative man , brought welcome support to the Smith-Colmer forces : as chairman of the Appropriations Committee , he holds over each member the dreadful threat of excluding this or that congressional district from federal pork-barrel projects . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , again , applies to Katanga . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had collared one of his generals in public . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wrote eloquently to [FILTERED] that impartial history was not only impossible but undesirable . (Filtered Words: 1)
Is anything being done to increase our margin of safety ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Treat lambs with 12 grams per head for lambs weighing up to 50 pounds ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Oil-field workers were a rough-tough lot . (Filtered Words: 0)
So Enright's courting of the mettlesome [FILTERED] is impeded considerably , thereby providing the tale which is told . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Right now you need a meal and a bath . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is a superb example , and [FILTERED] , , the conqueror of Denmark , hardly less so . (Filtered Words: 2)
The present edition of crystal data ( Af ) , published in 1954 as Memoir 60 of the Geological Society of America , is now out of print . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Georgia Constitution gives the Legislature the power to exempt colleges from property taxation if , among other criteria , `` all endowments to institutions established for white people shall be limited to white people , and all endowments to institutions established for colored people shall be limited to colored people '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Waddell had heard that he had been a commando in Rommel's Afrika Corps , and he said to himself : I'd hate to run into him in the desert on a dark night . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a rule , the autistic child doesn't enjoy physical contact with others . (Filtered Words: 0)
These include : leaves of absences , illnesses , and layoffs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gas adds to the moisture load . (Filtered Words: 0)
In many passages -- for example , the council of boyars -- each section of the chorus becomes a character group with a particular opinion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Home air conditioning has come a long way from the early days of overcooled theaters and the thermal shock they inflicted . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most reaction can achieve is stasis , and a stasis that can be maintained only by the expenditure of an effort which ultimately exhausts itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least we'll eat , I thought grimly as I put all the food away . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than 300 teenagers last Sunday proved there is and as many more are expected to prove it again for [FILTERED] and his wife [FILTERED] from 4 to 8 p.m. Sunday at First Presbyterian Church . (Filtered Words: 2)
Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World -- the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated -- the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America -- the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , [FILTERED] , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , [FILTERED] -- the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art -- the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . (Filtered Words: 2)
During 1960 , two important conferences were organized by the Development Council's Industrial Division . (Filtered Words: 0)
Studying The Merchant Of Venice in high school and college has given many young people their notions about Jews . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is notable that at this time he was writing with admiration of [FILTERED]'s and Poussin's way of filling space . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Polish song and dance company called Mazowsze , after the region of Poland , where it has its headquarters , opened a three-week engagement at the City Center last night . (Filtered Words: 0)
It must have hurt her even to walk , for the sole was completely off her left foot and [FILTERED] saw that it was bruised and bleeding . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was his goal , she was his reason . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Michigan soldier wrote his brother : `` I am well at present with the exception I have got the Dyerear and I hope thease few lines find you the same '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
2.1 observations (Filtered Words: 0)
But at least come along while I get lubricated '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
to make payments of $1,000 on the principal of each award of more than $1,000 in principal amount , certified pursuant to Section 5 of this Title ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Three hours later , while we were bailing desperately , a dot of land came into view . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would be coming for him next , bearing down on him from both directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bridegroom's children were here for the Christmas holidays and can't return . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's what they'll expect you to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
You couldn't on the one hand decry the arts and at the same time practice them , could you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not a constant value like Af , but varies with the thickness of the coating and the direction and magnitude of the resultants R and Af of Fig. 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , with the new affluence , there is actually a sallying forth into the wide , wide world beyond the precincts of New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he makes many interesting comments . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other side are the Celtic survivalists who have taken a tack divergent from both these schools of nineteenth century thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the half darkness I approached cautiously , making sure he did not see me . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not only a compliment to Mijbil , of whom there are a fine series of photographs and drawings in the book , but to the author who has catalogued the saga of a frightened otter cub's journey by plane from Iraq to London , then by train ( where he lay curled in the wash basin playing with the water tap ) to Camusfearna , with affectionate detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
they climbed the stairs which creaked , very loudly to their sensitive ears , and reached the next floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never well known , but he had done his work competently . (Filtered Words: 0)
But what came in was piling up . (Filtered Words: 0)
and [FILTERED] , operator of a Glimco dominated deodorant firm , the Best Sanitation and Supply company , 1215 Blue Island Av. . (Filtered Words: 1)
We know that we have hydrogen in water ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Draw each outline in a different-color chalk , one on top of the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where did you pick him up '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The comments made by some unwed mothers ( quoted in Chapter 2 ) ) reflect this paralysis of workmanship . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , when Mr. [FILTERED] thrust straight to the core of the music , sparks flying , bow shredding , violin singing , glittering and sometimes spitting , Mr. [FILTERED] could go along . (Filtered Words: 2)
( I ) (Filtered Words: 0)
What about Royal Robards ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
His brown face looked gray from dirt streaks where his hand had come off the dusty pavement and rubbed across it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Creations needed (Filtered Words: 0)
A number of scattered `` ayes '' and `` noes '' was heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
This big , flexible voice with uncommon range has been superbly disciplined . (Filtered Words: 0)
The world-wide total of deaths from `` Spanish flu '' was around twenty million ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But she clung to the rocks and brush , and the day wore away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our media advertising continued , during 1960 , its previous effective program that stressed such specifics as 100% financing , plant availabilities , and location advantages . (Filtered Words: 0)
What are the existing recreation features ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They don't , Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
so , e.g. did Aristotle argue , although this may not be an observational reason in favor of circularity . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was on the thin side , with big hands , and the kind of wrists that give away the power in forearm and bicep . (Filtered Words: 0)
The historian need not be concerned with the philosophical problems suggested by religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where boundary maintenance describes the boundaries or limits of the group , systemic linkage is defined `` as the process whereby one or more of the elements of at least two social systems is articulated in such a manner that the two systems in some ways and on some occasions may be viewed as a single unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
According to the latest projections of the Bureau of the Census , the annual rate of household formations will increase for the next 20 years . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White Citizens' Councils in the entire state of Mississippi against every local Philco dealer in that state , in protest against a Philco-sponsored program over a national TV network on which was presented a drama showing , it seemed , a `` high yellow gal '' smooching with a white man . (Filtered Words: 0)
And only a few seconds to answer it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was it possible that as people grow older the nature of time changed ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
He demanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is shown in the photomicrograph of [FILTERED]. 8 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Following single-dose treatment , milk should be discarded for 4 days following treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were like two strangers . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one has sponsored more progressive and important legislation than has [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ridiculing a child for being afraid or forcing him to meet the feared situation alone are poor ways of dealing with the problem ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And the crew would be automatically brought out of their suspended animation . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a short-lived sigh of relief , [FILTERED] plugged the fuses back in and threw the switch . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Okay '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A month later , in The Publick Spirit Of The [FILTERED] , he used [FILTERED]'s defense of [FILTERED] as evidence of his disrespect for the clergy , calling [FILTERED]'s position an affront to the `` whole Convocation of Ireland '' . (Filtered Words: 4)
Mrs. [FILTERED] would knit , and the President would sit reading , or playing with the many pets around them . (Filtered Words: 1)
Though only slightly injured himself the big hoodlum never returned to those parts . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] moved over to [FILTERED] side . (Filtered Words: 2)
His wounds need dressing now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who seems to have made a special hit in the East , was delightful as the lady Bluebird and her partner , [FILTERED] , was wonderfully virile , acrobatic , and poetic all at the same time , in a tradition not unlike that of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
This time , they had been lucky . (Filtered Words: 0)
There the name vaguely connotes new-rich wealth , a reputation for eccentricity , and an ardor for collecting art . (Filtered Words: 0)
He apologized so sweetly , I couldn't keep being annoyed with him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , I can see that '' , the friend was forced to agree . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I guess it helps '' , I said , paying no attention to his ribbing . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
They bawled questions that were not answered in the uproar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both sides claimed that [FILTERED] and Aristotle supported their cause . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the basis of pupil assignment criteria , Judge [FILTERED] has assigned Negro children to formerly white schools in Arlington and Alexandria , Virginia . (Filtered Words: 1)
Obviously , a vicious cycle develops . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it began raining at around eight o'clock on December 26th , I retired into my tent early , somewhat tired and discouraged , my body reacting sluggishly because of the continued exposure . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a customer wishes a special cut , it will not be available . (Filtered Words: 0)
From there I turned left along [FILTERED] past more hotels and a park on the left , Republic Gardens , and came in a few moments to Taksim Square , one of the hubs of the city , with the Monument of the Republic , erected in 1928 , in its center . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We can't take a chance on that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shock , dismay and foreboding for future generations were legitimate reactions ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the work uses the old eighteenth-century tradition of giving the part of a young inexperienced youth to a soprano . (Filtered Words: 0)
She raised a protesting hand with a startled air . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How much overweight is she '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If A is the major axis of an ellipsoid and B and C are the other two axes , the radius of curvature in the ab plane at the end of the axis Af , and the difference in pressure along the A and B axes is Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
One even gave my little dog a biscuit . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his teens O'Banion was enrolled in the vicious Market Street gang and he became a singing waiter in McGovern's Cafe , a notoriously low and rowdy dive in North Clark Street , where befuddled customers were methodically looted of their money by the singing waiters before being thrown out . (Filtered Words: 0)
There will be a pilgrimage to Mount Vernon at 2:30 p.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
He pushed the radio button . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was time to take bigger steps , to venture on experiments . (Filtered Words: 0)
The deputy had forced him to by his manner of accosting him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I chuckled aloud , and the mouthpiece fell out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as now anyone may hurl insults at a citizen of Mars , or even of Tikopia , and no senatorial investigation will result . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was the day that [FILTERED] had told Warren about the Abbey of Solesmes . (Filtered Words: 1)
and these , full of homely advice , are among the most human and revealing of Civil War letters . (Filtered Words: 0)
They called Him a devil . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he saw them all as he walked up and down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like [FILTERED] , I can't see something like this happening to me . (Filtered Words: 1)
we will not act in any way which would jeopardize our solemn commitments to them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did he ever visit here when he was a kid '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He straightened up , ready to vent his exasperation , then grew afraid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also winning blue ribbons were [FILTERED] of Beaverton , [FILTERED] of Beaverton and [FILTERED] of Banks . (Filtered Words: 3)
She dreamed up the cookie recipe , tried it , liked it and entered it in the contest . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You bought it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course I enjoyed 'most anything if I did it with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even then , if she took one step forward he could catch her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under [FILTERED] , 78th Congress , the Federal Government assumed responsibility for 100% of necessary State expenditures in connection with administration and the counseling and placement of the disabled , and for 50% of the necessary costs of providing clients with rehabilitation case services . (Filtered Words: 1)
Softly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw the Starbird as she lay , her slender mast up and gently turning , its point describing constant languid circles against a cumulus sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cursory survey of available material indicates a high rate of illegitimate births occurring to parents who have a close consanguineous relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the surprise was over , [FILTERED] was almost as pleased as anyone with John's good luck , though she agreed with Bobbie's decision some months later to move to Funk Furnaces . (Filtered Words: 1)
Two men can often do the installation in a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
the accent is on improvisation rather than arrangements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet after long and earnest discussion [FILTERED] accepted [FILTERED] and even agreed voluntarily that there should be digressions from that line of five to eight kilometers in favor of Poland in some regions . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` You cheap bitch '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Editors for Volumes 1 , and 2 , were [FILTERED] and the late [FILTERED] , both of Oxford University . (Filtered Words: 2)
For each i , let Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
And make my life different and better from this time on . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was more than joy . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suspect that there are far more unreconstructed ones than the North likes to believe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reducing humidity is often as important as cooling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lilly preferred the loneliness of that walk . (Filtered Words: 0)
The colonel grunted , then made a remark which might be construed in either of two ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rector had no idea why [FILTERED] wanted to visit the mission . (Filtered Words: 1)
She doled out what [FILTERED] vaguely guessed were the right amounts of dried peas , eggs , cornmeal , a little salt . (Filtered Words: 1)
He can correct decay , thus preventing early loss of teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hope you don't mind '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a square brick of a man with a moon-round face and sunken Polish features . (Filtered Words: 0)
the balanced use of recreation , hunting , and fishing areas ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Once out of the gate they had charged straight up the narrow lane . (Filtered Words: 0)
The King [FILTERED] was less expensive than the Dumont . (Filtered Words: 1)
These are New York , Pennsylvania , Michigan , Maryland , Missouri , New Jersey , Illinois and Minnesota . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why , I couldn't even cook a piece of antelope steak ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Strong men with strong opinions , frank to the point of being refreshingly indiscreet , the Founding Seven were essentially congenial minds , and their agreements with each other were more consequential than their differences . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't try it '' , [FILTERED] told him , dismounting and starting up the steps with his men following . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of course , in this small way of forcing the people to watch as tiny and innocent and dependent creatures die because we're afraid to feed them and afraid to protest and say , `` How come ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
) By the time the streetcar pulled away , he had fallen in love with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He has indicated that he plans new moves on Berlin before the year is out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pains in the back of the leg and in the abdomen were prevented from reaching the upper body by tying a rope about the patient's waist . (Filtered Words: 0)
The issue was left in abeyance , presumably for the peace conference . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a check from his company , and the usual enthusiastic bulletins on new lines they always issued . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously [FILTERED]'s early years were influenced by his close friend [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Why does everything have to happen to me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , I begged off . (Filtered Words: 0)
Annapolis , Jan. 7 (Filtered Words: 0)
Forty-seven states assign or provide vehicles for employees on state business . (Filtered Words: 0)
He enjoyed the killing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ephesians 2 : 8-10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wisman , who has had the chief controller's job for four years , calls the signals for a team operating three rows of dull-gray consoles studded with lights , switches and buttons . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most school systems today maintain a system of cumulative records of pupils . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said he almost burst into tears , he was so disappointed and put out . (Filtered Words: 1)
The week at home was not comfortable . (Filtered Words: 0)
He always looked impertinent and he could look dangerous . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose it is because we are just not big enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic unit in the church , of whatever denominational polity , is always the congregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Close behind the plane of the tappets are the locking bars . (Filtered Words: 0)
The impression you get from [FILTERED] home is one of laughter and happiness ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
This added a personal zest to class discussions and participation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm terribly upset '' , she told a girl-friend . (Filtered Words: 0)
At once the whole band set off at a lope . (Filtered Words: 0)
To measure the volume of one of the combustion chambers in the cylinder head , install the valves and spark plug in the chamber and support the head so that its gasket surface is level . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vague in wording , it called for withdrawal of Belgian troops and authorized the Secretary-General `` to take the necessary steps to provide the ( Congolese ) Government with such military assistance as may be necessary , until , through the efforts of the Congolese Government with the technical assistance of the United Nations , the national security forces may be able , in the opinion of the Government , to meet fully their tasks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never forget that a chain is only as strong as its weakest link . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He has not acted in any way , and won't let anyone take it away from him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deterrent (Filtered Words: 0)
Specimens were mounted for military installations , governmental agencies , and medical schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girls sit quietly with the musicians , wearing prim dresses or plain , secretarial shifts , until it is time to go off to a back room and reappear in the spare uniform of the harem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gavin sighed bitterly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's the stuff '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
These must have been for local calls strictly , as in May 1900 the `` only long distance telephone '' in town was transferred from [FILTERED] to [FILTERED]'s shoe store . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` I have plenty of odd moments when I could be doing something '' , Maggie said . (Filtered Words: 0)
I never heard my folks talk about her , though . (Filtered Words: 0)
This room was like a prison . (Filtered Words: 0)
The front part of my head was called a face , and I could talk with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] yelled , `` or she'll kill 'em all . (Filtered Words: 1)
But one need not always be sure that the action is either wise or conclusive . (Filtered Words: 0)
At about the time the Marsden enterprise was getting under way , the Vail Light and Lumber Company started construction of a chair stock factory on the site of the present [FILTERED] Creamery , intending to use its surplus power for generating electricity . (Filtered Words: 1)
Martin strained his ears . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fashion centers are now predicting broad acceptance of sports apparel and improved `` wash and wear '' dresses and blouses made from these fabrics . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the second murder over , he could have left , hidden the weapon in some vacant lot or an abandoned cistern in the neighborhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
The heart , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Push-ups (Filtered Words: 0)
A water-soluble protein of quite low molecular weight ( ca. 10,000 ) has also been found in this system and partly characterized . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Ill. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't say what would cure him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What I did know was that Precious was always around . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are there individuals in your organization who can shepherd a new product through to commercialization ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A Yale historian , writing a few years ago in The Yale Review , said : `` We in New England have long since segregated our children '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place mold or paper pattern on rolled clay and cut clay by holding knife in vertical position ( cut more pieces than required for project to make allowance for defects ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , for his part , had a contemptuous regard for Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Made in lengths from 3 to 10 ft. , the bars are shaped in cross section to provide a secure fit for the tapered slots molded in back of the letters . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we are discussing differentiable complex-valued functions , then Af and V are complex vector spaces , and Af may be any complex numbers . (Filtered Words: 0)
But after all , why should they ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Illinois Commission for Handicapped Children , which for 20 years has had the responsibility of coordinating the services of tax supported and voluntary organizations serving handicapped children , of studying the needs of handicapped children in Illinois , and of promoting more adequate services for them , indeed welcomes this new important resource which will help the people of Illinois toward the goal of providing an education for all of its children . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Engaging mature , experienced men to pioneer or open new churches in strategic population centers . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled at him with benign , remote happiness ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Does it put the label of un-American or subversive on everyone with whom it disagrees politically ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And Grey's Northumberland background was close to [FILTERED]'s own . (Filtered Words: 1)
Have you set specific objectives for your employee publication ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You need her even more than you need him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just no spot , not even a dimesize spot , on her whole body that wasn't bruised , bruise on top of bruise , from beatings . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made the long whip sing and snap around their heads so that they ran screaming , some tripping over themselves in their flight . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm not pleading for the heart that leaps up when it beholds a rainbow in the sky , or for the heart that with rapture fills and dances with the daffodils . (Filtered Words: 0)
While some think we move too fast and others too slowly , Florida's record is a good one and stands out among the 50 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Very well '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , [FILTERED] and his wife [FILTERED] have reached the stage of affluence that stirs a longing for the more atrociously expensive rustic simplicities . (Filtered Words: 2)
A mill stands in a room off the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sessions should cover four major areas : A (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt a good deal less shaky . (Filtered Words: 0)
Businesses must develop as a result of the ideas , energies and ambitions of an individual having purpose and comprehensive ability within one mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interpretation , naturally , remains the role of the therapist , but orientation -- not only the patient's vocal giveaways of geographical and socio-economic background , but also vocal but non-verbal giveaways of danger spots in his relationship to people -- can be considerably beefed up by the linguist . (Filtered Words: 0)
A5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] called on his muse , a line came back : (Filtered Words: 1)
Was it possible that as people grow older the nature of time changed ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] aims throughout its entire teaching program to represent a point of view and a spirit which will contribute to the moral and religious development of its students . (Filtered Words: 1)
Salvador saw the youth hold his against the head of stewardess [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Who ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Grumbled [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
That cock . (Filtered Words: 0)
That finished me with Thelma . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question might be asked : `` Don't the managements of the heavy-electrical-goods manufacturers know these facts ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No-o-o . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rector had no idea why [FILTERED] wanted to visit the mission . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is a problem to which leaders of opinion , both Negro and white , should devote far more attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of all the places in Poland , [FILTERED] hated [FILTERED] the most . (Filtered Words: 2)
Mando , pleading her cause , must have said that Dr. [FILTERED] was the most distinguished physician in the United States of America , for our man poured out his symptoms and drew a madly waving line indicating the irregularity of his pulse . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was going to be dangerous . (Filtered Words: 0)
The verdict brought vindication to the dead woman's stepson , [FILTERED] , 54 , who was tried for the same crime in December , 1958 , and released when the jury failed to reach a verdict . (Filtered Words: 1)
The old woman complained to the deputy governor , who ordered the servant brought before the court . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Company of the Indies promised to send over a supply of Indian trading goods , and to price them more cheaply in terms of deerskins . (Filtered Words: 0)
The general acceptance of the idea of governmental ( i.e. , societal ) responsibility for the economic well-being of the American people is surely one of the two most significant watersheds in American constitutional history . (Filtered Words: 0)
She did not look at him , but he noticed that her face was flushed and her eyes unsteady . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the dancer is depersonalized , his accouterments are animized , and the combined elements give birth to a new being . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even strange names seemed to make them feel closer to some kind of civilization when stumbled across out here in this wilderness . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is well evidenced by the Quietist doctrines carried over in Zen : the idea of the inward turning of thought , the enjoinder to put aside desires and perturbations so that a return to purity , peace , and stillness -- a union with the Infinite , with the [FILTERED] -- could be effected . (Filtered Words: 1)
however , production came to only 5.6 million compared to 6.2 million . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has chosen [FILTERED]. 53 in Aj . (Filtered Words: 1)
in the second place , it doesn't look authentic ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His academic duties had little evident effect on his prolific pen . (Filtered Words: 0)
It must have hurt her even to walk , for the sole was completely off her left foot and [FILTERED] saw that it was bruised and bleeding . (Filtered Words: 1)
I want you to be grandfather to these orphaned poems , dear father-brother , now I am gone ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All the dogs would dash to get on the elevator with the President and go to the dining room . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following items may be specified in actual or symbolic form in the operands of those instructions which refer to the particular items : channel , unit , combined channel and unit , combined arm and file , unit record synchronizers , inquiry synchronizers , and alteration switches . (Filtered Words: 0)
What plastics to use ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] in the introduction and notes to his splendid edition of [FILTERED] voiced some early doubts concerning the `` elaborate superstructure '' they raised up over the slim foundations afforded by the traditional narratives of the conquest . (Filtered Words: 2)
Will the danger increase or decrease ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Some pastors have two sessions in one evening , with a refreshment period between . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is crucial that here , unlike Burford , the trial court was ordered to retain the case until the state courts had had a reasonable opportunity to settle the state-law question . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Any luck '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
-- I just want to let you know how much I enjoyed your June 25 article on Liberace , and to thank you for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the lights went out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody's mentioned it , but when ol' [FILTERED] takes over as boss of the New York Mets , he'll be the only baseballight ever to wear the uniform of all New York area clubs , past and present : Yankees , [FILTERED] , Giants , and now the Mets . (Filtered Words: 2)
You've got to learn to live with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The book , published in 1927 , has been selling steadily ever since . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others have so-called development plans , but some of these are little more than lists of projects collected from various ministries while others are statements of goals without analysis of the actions required to attain them . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , performing in right as the Orioles fielded possibly their strongest team of the spring , worked [FILTERED] for a base on balls . (Filtered Words: 2)
Besides , [FILTERED] knew he wasn't the old-grad-type . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] symbolized so much that was unpleasant -- Tolley , the indifference with which the Fairbrothers and indeed the whole neighborhood now treated her and which she would die rather than acknowledge to her husband , his lack of understanding and sympathy in her present condition , her disgusting swollen stomach . (Filtered Words: 1)
He lived at 6124 [FILTERED]. . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet the spirit which lives in community is not identical with the community . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was best to die fighting the marines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any abilities I may have were achieved in their present shape from experience in sharing in the growth and control of my business , coupled with raising my family . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 22-year-old southpaw enlisted earlier last fall than did Hansen . (Filtered Words: 0)
While convalescing in his Virginia home he wrote a book recording his prison experiences and escape , entitled : They Shall Not Have Me Published originally in ( Helion's ) English by Dutton & Co. of New York , in 1943 , the book was received by the press as a work of astonishing literary power and one of the most realistic accounts of World War 2 , from the French side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turning from these problems of the use of evidence , one meets another type of difficulty in Fromm's analysis , which is his loose and ambiguous use of certain important terms . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mural around the wall depicted early settlers in covered wagons , who appeared much more animated than the gamblers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eleazar , pausing on the Hanover plain , found its great forests and remoteness good and with his own hands built the first College Hall , a log hut dedicated `` for the education & instruction of Youth of the Indian Tribes in this Land in reading , writing & all parts of learning which shall appear necessary and expedient for civilizing & christianizing Children of Pagans as well as in all liberal Arts and Sciences ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This organization will differ from existing assistance programs in that its members will supplement technical advisers by offering the specific skills needed by developing nations if they are to put technical advice to work . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Right . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took a deep breath , and the plunge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sssshoo '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She daubed at her swimming eyes with a lacy handkerchief and said with obvious emotion : `` That poor boy ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The marines let him advance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally dormant and no spray danger (Filtered Words: 0)
Berto's The Sky Is Red had been a small masterpiece and in its special way the best book to come out of the war . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one extreme are the systems of upper New York State , where libraries in two or more counties combine to serve a large , sparsely populated area . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most orthodontists require an initial payment to cover the cost of diagnostic materials and construction of the appliances , but usually the remainder of the cost may be spread over a period of months or years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Further , there is no mileage charge or mileage limitations when you lease a car , and you pay only the flat monthly rate plus a nominal charge for documents and insurance since the car is registered and insured individually for your trip . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hauled back on the stick and felt his cheeks sag . (Filtered Words: 0)
The $9.50 for lodging they save . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most Juniors who were entered in the Finals are seasoned campaigners and not only show and win in Junior Classes but score in the Breed Classes as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
We officially receive the anti-French , Moscow-allied Algerian FLN , but we denounce the pro-Europe , anti-Communist OAS as criminal . (Filtered Words: 0)
His tightly curled paot hung down to his narrow shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
What elements of our behavior are decisive ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Long-range state planning (Filtered Words: 0)
Pretend ham (Filtered Words: 0)
It suggests that during the next several months , through the spring of 1961 , the demand for long-term capital funds may be moderately lower and that interest rates may tend to move a little lower , especially the rates on Federal , state , and local bonds , as well as those on publicly offered corporate bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] roared twice and two men dropped , writhing . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Seeing The Moon Rise '' is dated August , 1927 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He started down the steps to meet the near-blind preacher , who had been one of the early Gospelers in Paris . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many industry trade associations are developing campaigns to protect or enhance the share of the consumer's dollar being spent on their particular products . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was carrying a quirt , and she started to raise it , then let it fall again and dangle from her wrist . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Factors in the cost of treatment are the length of time involved and the skill and education of the practitioner '' , says Dr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] cursed steadily . (Filtered Words: 1)
I squeezed the trigger . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cursory survey of available material indicates a high rate of illegitimate births occurring to parents who have a close consanguineous relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
People and books are enough for them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After promoting [FILTERED]'s appearance at the Inauguration , he persuaded the poet to return several months later to give a reading to a select audience of Cabinet members , members of Congress , and other Washington notables gathered in the State Department auditorium . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was they who held the future in their hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
He feels , suddenly , the weight of the fat that is on him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wife's attempt at control , these psychologists contend , is sometimes merely a pathetic effort to compel her husband to pay as much attention to her as he does to his job . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan hesitated , thinking that if this was a trick , it was a good one . (Filtered Words: 0)
We got Dr. [FILTERED] to him as quickly as we could , and we wired [FILTERED] of Papa's desperate condition . (Filtered Words: 2)
not acquiesce to an international planning board . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Incidentally , 14th Street and the Expressway is the high accident intersection during daylight hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In painting a fresco , the handling of wet mortar compels one always to move from top to bottom and from left to right , not to spoil yesterday's work with today's plastering . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was the end of his front-page feature story , with byline . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Friday he will go to Portland for the swearing in of [FILTERED] as Multnomah County Circuit Judge . (Filtered Words: 1)
He did not count time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result , coupled with the salesmanship for which American industry is famous , is considerable expenditure of funds and efforts in marginal areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why had I registered ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus in a context in which there has been discussion of snow but mention of local conditions is new , dominant stress will probably be on here in it rarely snows here , but in a context in which there has been discussion of local weather but no mention of snow , dominant stress will probably be on snows . (Filtered Words: 0)
No bisque firing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four pieces are used . (Filtered Words: 0)
The numerical aperture should be in general close to unity . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the silver foil from the chocolate bar he had been eating . (Filtered Words: 0)
This may be of overriding importance in considering military objectives . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was just another freighter from the States , and she seemed as commonplace as her name . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pale blob of the woman disappeared . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the study of the solutions to the equation Af is reduced to the study of the space of solutions of a differential equation of the form Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus we obtain g{t} by introducing an oblique g{t}-axis in the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
his arrow crosses the line denoting the mean . (Filtered Words: 0)
He filled a real need , showing society what it looked like , turning it inside out , portraying its wars and its leaders , its ugliness and its beauties , reflecting its profound religious impulses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many times I tried to reach you , but I never knew how . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fought it , seeking to kill the last few words , but on they came out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Udall argues that Interior affairs should cover a great deal more than dams and wildlife preserves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Librarians , a patient breed of men and women who have borne much with dedication , can begin to see results today . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cooperman and [FILTERED] are accused of selling $4,700 worth of heroin to a convicted narcotics peddler , [FILTERED] , 45 , of 6934 [FILTERED]. . (Filtered Words: 3)
Mass rapes , troop mutinies , uncontrolled looting and pillage and reckless military adventures , given no sanction by any political authority , have become almost daily occurrences . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hell , she couldn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it was my turn , I , too , printed the truth as I knew it about [FILTERED] , and rejoiced to see his regime topple . (Filtered Words: 1)
Up to date , however , his garden was still more or less of a mess , he hadn't even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he hadn't found it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bully for you '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I am thoroughly convinced that most watercolors suffer because the artist expects nature will do his composing for him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If we remove ourselves for a moment from our time and our infatuation with mental disease , isn't there something absurd about a hero in a novel who is defeated by his infantile neurosis ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He smiled thinly , savoring his joke . (Filtered Words: 0)
But now the dream was over . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has thrived on all he has gone through and looks the makings of a good little race horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are left helpless to cope with it because we do not dare speak of it as anything real for fear that to do so would imply a commitment to that which has already been discredited and proved false . (Filtered Words: 0)
In front of it would be his workbench . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dolphins present a three-night water show the week of the May Fete . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , this is only another way of saying that blood is thicker than water . (Filtered Words: 0)
Welmers has suggested one explanation . (Filtered Words: 0)
the protection of forage , timber , and wildlife resources from fire , insects , and disease ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Old Mr. [FILTERED]'s frantic response to life imprisonment with a useless , social-climbing wife is to `` put his two hands into his disturbed hair '' and `` make an extraordinary effort to lift himself up by it '' , whereas [FILTERED] endures the shrewish onslaughts of Mrs. [FILTERED] by apologetically drawing `` the back of his hand across and across his nose '' . (Filtered Words: 3)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently he bribed one of the guards . (Filtered Words: 0)
An alternate roof , perhaps more within do-it-yourself reach , could be constructed of heavy wooden roof beams , overlaid with boards and waterproofing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He says : `` It has swept aside petty nationalisms , age-old rivalries , and worn-out customs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Never mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Get in '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's make it moonlight and the call of far places and a seduction , at reasonable rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each of the N trials is either a success or a failure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The preradiation blanching process discolors the treated beef and liquid accumulates in prepackaged cuts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gross had received [FILTERED] courteously and they were discussing the case . (Filtered Words: 1)
Lewis looked at him and began to cry , and then , saying that he was going to make a promise , he asked [FILTERED] to call the porter and to tell him to take out all the liquor that he did not want . (Filtered Words: 1)
only historical evolution will determine which ) : an abrupt change . (Filtered Words: 0)
What happened to you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The American part of the evening consisted of [FILTERED] Dance Overture , [FILTERED] `` Chester '' From `` New England Triptych '' and two works of [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]. 58 , and a Romanza For Strings , [FILTERED]. 56A . (Filtered Words: 5)
`` I'll take you there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The son of a railway stationmaster , [FILTERED] lived most of his childhood in the drowsy Danubian town of Tulln , 14 miles northwest of Vienna . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since it is important , for the record let's have the full name '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What caused it , he didn't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Operating side by side , together they helped shore up the nation-state . (Filtered Words: 0)
The simple mechanical strain of overweight , says New York's Dr. [FILTERED] , can overburden and damage the heart `` for much the same reason that a Chevrolet engine in a Cadillac body would wear out sooner than if it were in a body for which it was built '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Remember the Starbird ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Can't you get another pair '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The staff saw in him the qualities of a [FILTERED] , hence , as mentioned before , his nickname `` the [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
By reducing rates as much as 60 per cent , it and its associated railroads hope to win back some of the business they have lost to truckers and barge lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
She eyed the chickens with , if she had known it , something of [FILTERED]'s dismal look and thought with a certain fury of the time she had spent on Latin verbs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Transition probabilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ideas we must have , and we seek them everywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been in the apartment two days and was hazy about what had happened during that time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The convoluted sheets can be combined to attain certain cushioning effects mechanically rather than chemically . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remember what I said about going out to get anybody left behind ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirty-five (Filtered Words: 0)
Her voice was flat and dull . (Filtered Words: 0)
And to top it all I am often sentimental on purpose , trying to prove to myself that I am not afraid of sentiment . (Filtered Words: 0)
His election , on the other hand , would unquestionably strengthen the `` regulars '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
one B-52 can do the work of several B-47's which it will replace . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had returned their departing grins with the noncommittal nod that is the security officer's stock in trade . (Filtered Words: 1)
John Haase & Son of Corneilus was the only entrant in open class swine and swept all championships . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a tall man with sunken cheeks and deep-set eyes , got to his feet . (Filtered Words: 1)
While convalescing in his Virginia home he wrote a book recording his prison experiences and escape , entitled : They Shall Not Have Me Published originally in ( Helion's ) English by Dutton & Co. of New York , in 1943 , the book was received by the press as a work of astonishing literary power and one of the most realistic accounts of World War 2 , from the French side . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is permitted . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he groped blindly . (Filtered Words: 0)
But further thought brings the shuddery visions of a governor's race being run in the next Legislature , the spectre of big spending programs , the ooze of mudslinging before the campaign should even begin . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a prominent industrialist , you ought to be interested in his nibs' support group . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the edge of the field , the wild rolling land took over , dotted with fat round bushes like sheep . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are two ways of getting at a poet's development : through his dated poems , and through the revisions which he made in later editions of his work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suppose that Af , and that the average operation requires only Af sec. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then you can do the finishing touches at your leisure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us look at the operator Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe that's your forte . (Filtered Words: 0)
nor is there need to add that among them are some of the most highly individualized and most successful of his characters . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , oil , and copra make the kind of tinder any firebug dreams of . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Bureau is pursuing an active program to provide a temperature scale and thermometer calibration services in the range 1.5 to 20 Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
) that he dropped the shorts on the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both sides agreed that the theater must stand a moral test , but they could not agree on whether the poets were a good or a bad influence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cut the piece about 9/32'' '' or 5/16'' '' long and drive it into the No. 31 hole drilled in the locking bar . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the car moved off and Alfred just looked straight ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was equally clear that as of this moment , the treaty was off . (Filtered Words: 0)
In still others which are barely on the threshold of the transition into modernity , the decade can bring significant progress in launching the slow process of developing their human resources and their basic services to the point where an expanded range of developmental activities is possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the hearing officer's report is but intradepartmental , is directed to the Attorney General and , of course , is not the recommendation of the Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wrote : (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the Japanese private he says : `` He fought and marched till he died . (Filtered Words: 0)
The successful and positive resolution of these crises during adolescence involves an epigenetic principle -- during adolescence , the individual's positive resolutions in each area of identity crisis depend , to a considerable degree , on his already having resolved preliminary and preparatory identity crises during his infancy , childhood , and early adolescence . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Good . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now there is nothing wrong with complicated wallpaper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only should every educator above the rank of instructor be expected to be a member of one of the professional organizations , but his first qualification for membership as an educator should be so sharply scrutinized that membership would be equivalent to certification to teach the subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the agreements calls for the New Eastwick Corp. to purchase a 1311 acre tract for $12,192,865 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But then , as he well knew , women are not guided by logic or common sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] fell into the world of automobile promotion and got several accounts for Shoals and Clay . (Filtered Words: 2)
The speaking of the lines seemed excessively slow and stately , possibly in an effort to capture the spirit of 17th century elegance . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took up a white sheet of paper , dark with single-spaced data . (Filtered Words: 0)
These antibody titers were determined by reaction with homozygous Af red cells . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oversized monsters are never brought home either alive or preserved , and field measurements are obviously open to doubt because of the universal tendency to exaggerate dimensions . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is an issue which may well reach the Supreme Court of the United States before judicial finality is achieved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Severe headaches were frequent . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the great one's personal quarters , a portable house , almost every evening saw an elegant banquet or reception . (Filtered Words: 0)
To please her , her husband assumed some of the domestic chores . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is reason in all things , and in this country the heathenish cult of the motor-car is exceeding all bounds in its demands . (Filtered Words: 0)
God allowed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take the Via Di S. Agnese in Agone , next to the church and opposite the center of the square , then turn right after about two hundred yards to reach the beautiful Church of Santa Maria Della Pace . (Filtered Words: 0)
The worship service is the natural and logical time to receive new members into the Church . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My souls' a-gracious '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The simple treaty principle that [FILTERED] was asking him to ratify , in short , was nothing less than total trust . (Filtered Words: 1)
Lewis remembered another newspaperman asking , `` [FILTERED] , have your ideas changed any since you got all these comforts '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] pushed through first . (Filtered Words: 1)
He could see in almost total darkness . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was one of the things she liked about Stanley . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] was unique in the world and if that imcomparable work flooded by moonlight wasn't enough for both natives and tourists , then they were quite simply barbarians and the hell with them . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` One shouldn't mix commercial affairs with patriarchy , but in this case I have no choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
that of being the first such structure secured by force of arms in the war of the '60s . (Filtered Words: 0)
In most discussions of this phenomenon , the figures are substantially inflated . (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of the shading of one type of course into another , I believe it is useful to talk about vocational courses as apart from academic courses . (Filtered Words: 0)
If an automobile were approaching him , he would know what was required of him , even though he might not be able to act quickly enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
The defendant , [FILTERED] 3 , 23 , of 3211 Park pl. , Evanston , who pleaded guilty to reckless driving , also was ordered by Judge [FILTERED] to attend the Evanston traffic school each Tuesday night for one month . (Filtered Words: 2)
After 108 games in 1927 , [FILTERED] had 35 home runs . (Filtered Words: 1)
But to operate in American politics one must go a step further -- one must build a bridge to such names , establish a warmth , a personal connection '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this in addition to his usual fear of being among people of high society , his fear of making some inane or inappropriate remark . (Filtered Words: 0)
the many little tricks she knew made her embrace the ultimate one -- the ever more fantastic pressures deeper in her body squeezed not me but the air I breathed into a nitrogen anesthetic . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's a tower and a steeple on the church a million feet high . (Filtered Words: 0)
But granted all this , one still would have liked to have heard a little more tonal nuance than Mr. [FILTERED] supplied . (Filtered Words: 1)
By and large their programs are satisfactorily connected both to the employment situation and to the realities of the apprentice system . (Filtered Words: 0)
The platform angle **yf is the angle about which the gyro is controlling . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he loves you because you're a beautiful woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
The entire [FILTERED] collection will be made available at the center to all serious art students and historians . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ramey heard the words again inside , weakened , the way moving water sounds through a grove of trees , until he was not sure whether it was sound or light-headedness pressing in his ears . (Filtered Words: 0)
He remembered the last time he had eaten -- actual eggs from an actual pan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Development requires a long-term approach (Filtered Words: 0)
By scrutinizing the flowers , one can also notice that the scale bears one or two tiny warts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like Philadelphia's late Dr. [FILTERED] who kept his own great collection closed to the general public ( Time , Jan. 2 ) , [FILTERED] , at 61 , is something of a legend in his own lifetime . (Filtered Words: 2)
He can offer nine Turkish girls , plans to import at least 15 more . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the last week of march 1961 , Columbus , Ohio was the site of the Fourth Symposium on Temperature , Its Measurement And Control In Science And Industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider what you have to earn to be able to spend the $3,000 and your building time is well worth it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like this murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Amateur linguists note here that Pursewarden , in [FILTERED]'s [FILTERED] , stammered when he spoke of his wife , which is hardly surprising in view of their disastrous relationship . (Filtered Words: 2)
pianists [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] Slenczynka and [FILTERED] and conductor [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
When a witness at court was asked if he had been kicked in the ensuing rumpus , he replied , `` No , it was in the stomach '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before dawn . (Filtered Words: 0)
The college teacher needs the stimulus of communication with other faculty members but he also needs to feel that such communication , even informal debates over the luncheon table , are a contribution to the total good of the institution . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bond angles and distances are all within the expected limits and the volume per oxygen is about normal . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of the monologue the audience would applaud . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , she had physical as well as mental vigor . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a horror . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw holes in planes at the airport and in cars in the streets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Daniel termed `` extremely conservative '' his estimate that it would produce 17 million dollars to help erase an anticipated deficit of 63 million dollars at the end of the current fiscal year next Aug. 31 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vecchio shouldered in . (Filtered Words: 0)
The use of `` secco '' we tried to restrict to covering joints . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could feel himself falling in with it and being unable to get out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The silence was getting on [FILTERED]'s nerves . (Filtered Words: 1)
And this seems to me untrue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Phonemes connected by a morphophonemic rule commonly show a good bit of phonetic similarity , possible because of the several dimensions of contrast in the system . (Filtered Words: 0)
They allotted $500,000 three years ago to support Interama until its own financing could be arranged . (Filtered Words: 0)
The director came to the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
One might , indeed , argue that the history of ideas , in so far as it includes the literatures , must center on characterizations of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in fashioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Except for that one morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
What can we do with the general T ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
he knows that the land is hard and pitiless . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes it takes several `` eatings '' of avocado to catch that delightful quality in taste that has made it such a favorite throughout the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wooden bracing between the roof beams is placed flush with the inside of the wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was concluded that it would be appropriate to process the two groups of responses as a single sample of all small businesses engaged in , or wishing to sell to , defense programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shy , actually , he avoided feminine overtures and seemed truly ignorant of the girls' desires when they sought to make liaisons with him in the open fields , in carriages and in boathouses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can I make you one '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The teacher thought it was so successful that she asks : `` Wouldn't it be helpful to all age groups if they could participate in a similar confessional of their fears and worries '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We first define a function b{t} as follows : given the set of squares such that each has three corners on C and vertex at t , b{t} is the corresponding set of positive parametric differences between T and the backward corner points . (Filtered Words: 0)
The War Department wrote Mr. [FILTERED] a letter and said he was a hero . (Filtered Words: 1)
The accelerated pace of metropolitan changes has accentuated the drive to conformity in congregations of the major denominations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even those who appear in only one or two scenes are full personalities , defined with economical precision . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right , [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Hieronymus , like Piepsam , makes his protest quite in vain , and his rejection , though not fatal , is ridiculous and humiliating ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The forthcoming season in Pittsburgh also promises to be of unusual interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
An Ah coudn ansuh him an so Ah said ' Aw right , Ah gay-ess , an his fathuh didn uttuh one wohd an aftuh Huhmun was gone , the majuh laughed an tole me thet he an the bawh had been hevin an occasional drink t'gethuh f'ovuh a yeah , onleh an occasional one , but just the same it was behahn mah back , an Ah doan think thet's nahce at all , d'you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The current regime of President [FILTERED] is determinedly secular . (Filtered Words: 1)
The antecedents of Dipylon vases and of the Iliad lie in the Aegean past . (Filtered Words: 0)
A reason for such wide variation in the pulmonary morphology is entirely lacking at present . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the purposes of this discussion , the problem of relative prices is encompassed in these two variables , since GNP includes other prices . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now consider an arbitrary line , l , meeting Q in two points , Af and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's ride '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence , thought of as a line in a particular plane **yp , any tangent to Q has a unique image and moreover this image is the same for all planes through L . (Filtered Words: 0)
This past year the pattern has been different : The organizing program had the full support of the AFL-CIO , which supplied staff and money to the AWOC , as well as moral support . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Thirty-eighth Regiment of Ohio Volunteers , one of the regiments in [FILTERED]' First Division during Buell's command , suffered its greatest loss of the war in this action . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ulyate made no comment but his face showed what he thought of poking ropes over lions' heads with poles , and of course these were the lions of fifty years ago , not the gentler ones of today , and this one was angry , with good reason . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carvey considers that former Vice President [FILTERED] would be [FILTERED]'s most formidable foe , with ex-Gov. [FILTERED] a close second . (Filtered Words: 3)
The family was Protestant , but for me it was only irksome and I let it go . (Filtered Words: 0)
He set [FILTERED]' suitcase near the front door , went outside and walked back to the garage . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the fairly brief but hectic history of Florida , the developers of waterfront land have too often wound up with both their land and ours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your mother hated this way of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hal saw in his mind the rest of Earth : Iceland , Greenland , the Caribbean Islands , and the eastern half of South America . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new birth is effected through the word of God (Filtered Words: 0)
And so well is such ignorance preserved by the amateur and the money-maker that even at the college level most of the hundred-odd folklore courses given in the United States survive on sentiment and nationalism alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , world-famous star of stage , screen and television , will be honored for the high standard in tasteful sophisticated fashion with which she has created a high standard in her profession . (Filtered Words: 1)
The cast : (Filtered Words: 0)
Prior to the featured race , the stewards announced that apprentice [FILTERED] is suspended ten days for crowding horses and crossing the field sharply in two races on Wednesday . (Filtered Words: 1)
The patrolman said to no one in particular as he pushed between the fat man in the baseball cap and a young boy in levis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The temperature was maintained to within about Af for the period of time required to make the measurement ( usually about one hour ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why , I'm not fit to touch the hem of her garment '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
My host went over and stared out the window at his peacocks ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a ragged volley . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who received a salary of $109 a week from the loan association from October of 1955 until September of this year , said that his private practice was not lucrative . (Filtered Words: 1)
Anaconda : (Filtered Words: 0)
In both the direct and indirect methods of staining , the conjugates had nonspecifically staining fractions . (Filtered Words: 0)
353 U. S. , at 606 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They know from their researches into television and the movies that knights in the middle ages had beautiful flowing haircuts like [FILTERED] , and only the villains had beards . (Filtered Words: 1)
In all of his experience in the mission field Rector had never seen a convert quite like [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
You read various guesses on how many Americans are camping . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all the observers have used the same procedures or made the same assumptions about the lunar brightness distribution when reducing the data , and this , together with differences in the methods of calibrating the antennae and receivers , must account for much of the disagreement in the measured radio brightness temperatures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their product had been endorsed by Good Housekeeping , the A.M.A. , and the Veterinary Journal , among other repositories of higher wisdom , and before much longer if you didn't have a cake of their soap in the john , even your best friends would think you didn't bathe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you didn't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . (Filtered Words: 0)
The defeat and death of Adolf of Nassau at the hands of [FILTERED] of Habsburg also worked to the disadvantage of the English , for all the efforts to revive the anti-French coalition came to nothing when [FILTERED] made an alliance with the new king of the Romans . (Filtered Words: 2)
Some Dallas investment firms got only 100 shares , for all of their customers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We've got to eat '' , [FILTERED] said , curtly , because a chill crawled over her again . (Filtered Words: 1)
For example , arrow 17 in Figure 3 portrays the proximal radial epiphysis for boy 34 , whereas the same epiphysis for girl 2 is portrayed by arrow 18 in Figure 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was part of Little [FILTERED]'s work to look after the dogs . (Filtered Words: 1)
External determination of heading -- surveying technique . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because he copiously shed his own tears , and yielded himself up as a living sacrifice to the impersonalized conscience of New England , he was not disturbed by the havoc he worked in other people's consciences . (Filtered Words: 0)
One night on the Naktong River , [FILTERED] called on that fabled esprit de corps . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You're having a miserable time , aren't you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not often realized to what degree certain trades are in many communities closed areas of employment , except for a lucky few . (Filtered Words: 0)
a smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Numbers separated by addition symbols may be placed in any order . (Filtered Words: 0)
The coyote was calling again , and he hoped that this time there would be no other sounds to interrupt it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , representing the Philadelphia Hotel Association , objected on Tuesday to a proposed boost by the city in licensing fees , saying that occupancy rates in major hotels here ranged from 48 to 74 percent last year . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cady stuck his jaw out . (Filtered Words: 0)
My wife could drive us down the hill and we could all walk from there . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] greeted him gravely , uneasy with misgivings at his visit . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , because of Church laws , lately more stringently enforced , which forbid the marriage of cousins closely related consanguineously , a means of facilitating the goal of in-group relations may be that of recourse to illegitimate unions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soviet Premier [FILTERED] sent New Year's hopes for peace to President-elect [FILTERED] , and got a cool acknowledgment in reply . (Filtered Words: 2)
Strategic forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED] , already two quiet demands down , still refused Thursday to be drawn into delivering a public ultimatum to Moscow . (Filtered Words: 1)
Feelers were put out last year to the City of Warwick , as reported in your newspapers , suggesting investigation of a common rubbish disposal area to service the Potowomut and Cowessett areas of Warwick along with East Greenwich . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then there was a spat over something , as there had been lovers' spats before ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Gen. [FILTERED] , the President's special military adviser , is a level-headed officer who is not likely to succumb to propaganda or pressure . (Filtered Words: 1)
No comments by U.S. (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] found many modes of expression . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Dry stock '' denoted , regardless of age or sex , such bovines as were givin' no milk . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her position covers a number of daily tasks common to any social director . (Filtered Words: 0)
I see no real prospects for an all-Negro school population . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I insist upon believing that even when it is lost , it may , like paradise , be regained . (Filtered Words: 0)
In these cases a graduate may enter directly into an apprentice program , saving a year because of his vocational courses in grades 11 and 12 . (Filtered Words: 0)
On her way to the airport , on her way to Paris -- you bet , [FILTERED] said to herself . (Filtered Words: 1)
Blend 2 cups biscuit mix with 2/3 cup milk to make a soft dough . (Filtered Words: 0)
The snow again . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've been in government and I can tell some pretty hairy stories about personnel difficulties , so I know what a problem he was '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
there is also hydrogen in wood and hydrogen in our bodies . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not something that can be expected to happen now . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said he had not heard of anybody else . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wished that she could talk to her mother about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just a month after the Korean War broke out , the 7th Cavalry was moving into the lines , ready for combat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blackman arrived a day or two early , and [FILTERED] took him to a department store immediately and outfitted him , luggage and all , and then he took him to a party at the Woodwards that went on until four in the morning . (Filtered Words: 1)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the whole , it appears that they do not favor their own social classes in an explicit way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Santa Barbara (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , most toilets are Eastern style -- at floor level -- but even when they are raised to chair height , they are actually outside toilets -- inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guilford-Martin ) were filled out by 12 of the Kohnstamm-positive subjects and 19 of the Kohnstamm-negative subjects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miami , Fla. , March 17 (Filtered Words: 0)
Drill all No. 50 and counter-drill all except the `` A '' pieces size 43 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was interested in psychiatry , because there was much an understanding nurse could do to help the patients . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You're in for trouble '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poor ol Slater . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , `` Oh Eugenia , I wish '' (Filtered Words: 0)
The dromozoa fed him in their mysterious way ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Jaggers' iron control over her ( `` she would remove her hands from any dish she put before him , hesitatingly , as if she dreaded his calling her back ) '' ) rests on his having once got her acquitted of a murder charge by cleverly contriving her sleeves at the trial to conceal her strength and by passing off the lacerations on the backs of her hands as the scratches of brambles rather than of human fingernails . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just as soon as I go to the bank , and '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
He pointed out to the young musicians that the National Gallery `` is the only museum in the country to have a full-time music director , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the two , The Life Of Bright is incomparably the better biography . (Filtered Words: 0)
Price competition is lacking . (Filtered Words: 0)
He reported that the city's contributions for animal care included $67,000 to the Women's S.P.C.A. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His son [FILTERED] , aged fifteen when he entered Oxford in 1582 , married as his first wife [FILTERED] , sister of Sir [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
It was payday for Highlands , and he was packing a lot of money back into the oil fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
The input axis of the X gyro , when pointing in the east-west direction , is always perpendicular to the spin axis of earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
He demanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact that sticks out in this voluminous record is that the bulk of Du Pont's production has always supplied the largest part of the requirements of the one customer in the automobile industry connected to Du Pont by a stock interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
He unlashed the dipper and drew water from a barrel . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' -- This time there was a long silence , while the telephone hummed faintly with a voiceless life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , the enemy will capitalize on our fears , if he can . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were several missions which demanded instant attention but [FILTERED] had been of interest to several department heads in Central for some time and each man was determined to have her assigned to his section . (Filtered Words: 1)
Says [FILTERED] : `` We dealers must earn our mark-up by performing a service for the builder cheaper than he could do it himself '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was strictly the deputy's game , but McBride had gone too far to throw in . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he hastened to add that , if United States policies were not always clear , despite Mr. [FILTERED]'s analysis of the various global danger points and setbacks for the West , this may merely mean the new administration has not yet firmly fixed its policy . (Filtered Words: 1)
Also , normal personnel attrition would make the job reduction provision more or less academic . (Filtered Words: 0)
When erosion threatened the foundation of their home in [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] planted grapevines and arranged the snow fences which helped hold the sands away . (Filtered Words: 2)
Industrial promotion (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stated during the inquest that while her father and uncle were in the sitting room the afternoon before the murders , she had been disturbed by their voices and had closed her door , even though it was a very hot day . (Filtered Words: 1)
but , conversely , one cannot begin to understand [FILTERED] without knowing something about the world view of the Old Chinese , which they felt they saw expressed in it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was not denied due process in the administrative proceedings , because the statement in question was in his file , to which he had access , and he had opportunities to rebut it both before the hearing officer of the Department of Justice and before the appeal board . (Filtered Words: 1)
That and her death . (Filtered Words: 0)
A mother can help a child adapt to his difficulties . (Filtered Words: 0)
But you haven't changed much , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
That is in the continuance of the `` grandfather clauses '' in their membership requirements . (Filtered Words: 0)
So escalation proceeds , ad infinitum or , more accurately , until the contestants begin dropping them on each other instead of on their respective proving grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
The controversy of the last few years over whether architects or interior designers should plan the interiors of modern buildings has brought clearly into focus one important difference of opinion . (Filtered Words: 0)
One might expect that in a poetic career of seventy-odd years , some changes in style and method would have occurred , some development taken place . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bears added their last run in the sixth on [FILTERED]'s double and outfield flies by Porter and Wert . (Filtered Words: 1)
1 , the assumptions of the model (Filtered Words: 0)
Still he let [FILTERED] treat him like a valet . (Filtered Words: 1)
Metrically , [FILTERED]'s verse was extremely conventional , as was , incidentally , the verse of that other tragic enrage , Hart Crane . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a Saturday evening in April with a mist-like rain , and I was a little high on the good taste of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] had only to signal from his doorway to summon aid from the ubiquitous bilingual children who played on the sidewalks of Mission Street . (Filtered Words: 1)
Are you utilizing vending machine proceeds to help pay for your program ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I went to the hall in the afternoons only , on these preliminary matters . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's water in the house '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You will need a stereo music system , with speakers preferably placed at least seven or eight feet apart , and one or more of the new London `` Phase 4 '' records . (Filtered Words: 0)
None of his movements was tentative . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following morning , as John entered the Place Molard on his way to visit a sick refugee , he had a premonition of danger . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Put a few such songs together '' , they urged him . (Filtered Words: 0)
And a good several feet around the pool should be neither greensward nor woods , but good hard pavement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feathertop inquired , lounging against the freight's vibrating wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said swiftly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The meeting will , however , afford a timely and convenient opportunity for the first personal contact between them and a general exchange of views on the major issues which affect the relationships between the two countries '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine was sprawled some thirty yards away , one arm extended . (Filtered Words: 0)
She turned and began to walk toward the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
The presiding female functionary , of massive proportions and forbidding appearance , initially did not contribute to the expressions of friendship and welcome by a number of dignified gentlemen representing the arts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where exactly would we go after the movie ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In May , 1803 , Ritter , in another flight of fancy , wrote to Oersted a letter that contained a remarkable prophecy . (Filtered Words: 0)
As to protection , the speaker disapproved of shelters , pointing out that fallout shelters would not save everyone . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is awe-inspiring . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Stop ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had written his classic `` incidents of travel '' about these regions a hundred years before , and Catherwood , who had studied [FILTERED] in London and the great ruins of Egypt and Greece , had drawn the splendid illustrations that accompanied the text . (Filtered Words: 2)
The congruence of its secants is therefore of order Af and class Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone would have to remain in the office continually . (Filtered Words: 0)
The group meets once a week in the Boliou Student Workshop . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few key skilled workers experienced in the company's type of work usually must be brought in with the plant manager , or hired away from a similar plant elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
He swung toward the front to give the news to [FILTERED] , then stopped , barred from her by the vehemence of her blame and hate . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nonetheless , they take time out -- much time -- from the game of grab and these new Western experiments to go to the gardens and riverbanks . (Filtered Words: 0)
His front teeth were missing . (Filtered Words: 0)
at will , the voice of the auctioneer , the voices of the bidders , and finally the small boy who had been so interested in Mr. [FILTERED]'s hammock purchase . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sharing the program was the young French-Canadian tenor [FILTERED] , making his stadium debut on this occasion . (Filtered Words: 1)
In considering roleplaying for analysis we enter a more complex area , since we are now no longer dealing with a simple over-all decision but rather with the examination and evaluation of many elements seen in dynamic functioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
My message , today , is the same as it was 15 years ago : that there is goodness in people , and strength and love in God . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boundary maintenance . (Filtered Words: 0)
One by one , the openings in the coast that promised a passage through had been explored and discarded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Merchant ships illuminated in the light of the flares , made to seem like stones imbedded in a lake of polished mud , were impossible to miss . (Filtered Words: 0)
; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Like a man making a deep dive , [FILTERED] took full breath and plunged back into the valley . (Filtered Words: 1)
Every day , when the President took his nap , [FILTERED] would stretch out on the window seat near him , like a perfect gentleman , and stare thoughtfully out the window , or he would take a little nap himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit -- when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands -- two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without such uncertainty we are left with a set of dogmas and myths . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly all can applaud passage of an auto title law , the school bills , the increase in teacher pensions , the ban on drag racing , acceptance by the state of responsibility for maintenance of state roads in municipalities at the same rate as outside city limits , repeal of the college age limit law and the road maintenance bond issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beer was brewed by the Babylonians and Egyptians more than 6 thousand years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gladius Dei '' ( 1902 ) resembles `` The Way To The Churchyard '' in its representation of a conflict between light and dark , between `` Life '' and a spirit of criticism , negation , melancholy , but it goes considerably further in characterizing the elements of this conflict . (Filtered Words: 0)
Robinson doubles again (Filtered Words: 0)
Regulations for the Indian trade were made by the Conseil superieure [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] apparently did not have control of that body . (Filtered Words: 2)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapter 10 (Filtered Words: 0)
She agreed to take charge of five or six of the Negroes should Palfrey decide to send them north immediately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eventually the class will be able to kick up high enough so that the teacher can catch the leading leg . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
If , as she walked , her steps fumbled from time to time , she chose to ignore that omen . (Filtered Words: 0)
In providing for these inner individual functions , religion undertakes in behalf of individual peace of mind and well-being services for which there is no other institution . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you need a bandage '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Goulding leaped to his feet and started forward , `` Garryowen '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Ultimately Fosdick's `` Fit to fight '' slogan swept across the country and every well-known red-light district in the United States was closed , a hundred and ten of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others , which are reached by walking up a single flight of stairs , have balconies . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this is true in the case of some turnpikes on which revenues have risen close to , or beyond , the point at which the roads start to pay all operating costs plus annual interest on the bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
I merely draw an etymological distinction , hoping that specialists and busy people like you will welcome such precision in a layman . (Filtered Words: 0)
soyaburgers have replaced meat , and wood has become so precious that it is saved for expensive jewelry ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , the bright vision of the future has been directly stated in science fiction concerned with projecting ideal societies -- science fiction , of course , is related , if sometimes distantly , to that utopian literature optimistic about science , literature whose period of greatest vigor in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries produced [FILTERED] [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] A Modern Utopia . (Filtered Words: 3)
[FILTERED] of Hillsboro , [FILTERED] of North Plains and Lorlyn and [FILTERED] of Hillsboro . (Filtered Words: 3)
That day is perhaps today , 1961 , and it seems no longer very meaningful to call England a `` Protestant country '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was looking dangerous now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strong hands move first ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
it had reached the pre-war level of efficiency by 1951 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within each chapter an effort has been made to group together those crystals with similar structures . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The first two pilots had crashed '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its terms will tend to be labile or vague , and they will fit actual languages more and more badly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Said they'd have a patrol car here fast . (Filtered Words: 0)
But now the dream was over . (Filtered Words: 0)
' Thank God for that ' , I said ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] '' -- (Filtered Words: 1)
The formula for this step is : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was nothing he could do but wait . (Filtered Words: 0)
and her close knowledge of individual students . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Belgians -- at least officially -- departed from the Congo as well , withdrawing all of their uniformed troops . (Filtered Words: 0)
( This goes for getting a drink tray ready , and for having a big cooler full of ice on hand long before the party begins . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s arrival in the business did indeed provide what Mr. [FILTERED] had most coveted -- time for `` tinkering '' , and the opportunity of carrying out in the back room those developments in precision graduation which most interested him at that time . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] : (Filtered Words: 1)
Approximately 165 fractions were obtained from each column . (Filtered Words: 0)
Solid blocks are recommended because hollow blocks would have to be filled with concrete to give effective protection . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without question , this time and temper saver should be immediately installed at the Woodside station . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shu-tt up-pp ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
the epiphany of that quivering flesh ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She brought the quirt down , slashing it across his cheek , and he tried to step back . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he also achieved something that endeared him to every duffer who ever flubbed a shot . (Filtered Words: 0)
The transit can be replaced by an autocollimator . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then when [FILTERED] was on the end of the line of girls , [FILTERED] , in the middle of the line , gave an extra hard pull and the young teacher sprawled backwards , sitting down hard , her dress flying over her head . (Filtered Words: 2)
And re-echo . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again we waited for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Recounting personal observations of clearance work , the Councilman cited instances of inefficient use of equipment or supplies by poorly trained workers and urged that plow blades be set so they do not leave behind a thin layer of snow which eventually freezes . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gun has a 12-1/2-inch stock and is available in either 20 or gauge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her house stood on a rise of ground , and before she got into her car she looked at the houses below . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you got my car here '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The pony herd was the one flaw in our defense ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Already our leaky lifeboat was filled with five inches of water . (Filtered Words: 0)
What does he feed his SMU football mastodons at the training table ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Or is it relevant because it teaches us something useful to know about ourselves ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish to advocate two drastic changes in Washington Square : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Rhode Island property tax (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] would hear about it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus he will be in a position to disabuse the Soviet leader of any notions he may have about grave Allied disunity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fearless . (Filtered Words: 0)
They differed in the balance they believed essential to the sovereignty of the citizen -- but the supreme sacrifice each made served to maintain a still more fundamental truth : That individual life , liberty and happiness depend on a right balance between the two -- and on the limitation of sovereignty , in all its aspects , which this involves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is forgiveness of past sins , assurance of present help , and hope of future bliss in your orbit ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It had a tiny envelope tied to its wrist . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was a goodness , beauty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those souls like to wander off , and must be called back . (Filtered Words: 0)
I mean our children '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Both of you . (Filtered Words: 0)
They began to meet in the evenings and carry forward various discussions they felt not fully enough covered in class . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then [FILTERED] knew that all of them knew Elaine , himself and Poet . (Filtered Words: 1)
Trackdown ( Torrid-Mighty Lady ) has worked a mile in 2:33.3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is only a matter of adjusting accounting methods , careful fiscal planning and management , or some like combination of techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See Chapter 24 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're leaving '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When a dancer does well , she provokes a quiet bombardment of dollar bills -- although the Manhattan clubs prohibit the more cosmopolitan practice of slipping the tips into the dancers' costumes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I was lonely always '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel said that schools and synagogues occupied most of the buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or you can make pool care the price of swimming for teen-agers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , whose daughter , was among the court maids , chose a deep greenish blue lace gown . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hot rodding is a science . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once we send out the whole pie , they can put their pieces into it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taken back into the Army now as an Sp 4 , I am leaving 110 college students whose teacher I am . (Filtered Words: 0)
that his baby sister could spit up through her nose when she felt like it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This whole development is certain to be of interest to the readers , for the idea has so often been mentioned , somewhat wistfully . (Filtered Words: 0)
of these and a host of other antiquated legends that deny the South its progressive leaps of the past century . (Filtered Words: 0)
She finally regained her balance and got up in the saddle . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was just another freighter from the States , and she seemed as commonplace as her name . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fragrance and taste of any white wine will die a lingering death when it is allowed to warm or is exposed for long to the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt that it would be a particular humiliation to Dolores to pick up her own underwear which he had laid on the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fair enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here you can pick up a taxi or public transport to return to the center of the city . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mantle , the bull-necked blond switch-hitter , had one sensational triple-crown season , 1959 , when he batted and also led the American League in home runs , 52 , and rbi's , 130 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let me tell you what happened to me today . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first place , it was difficult for us to meet . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was turning over the idea of a good debauchery when I dozed off . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm not pulling your leg . (Filtered Words: 0)
My object , rather , is to alert you to an aspect or two of the affair that could have the gravest implications for you , far beyond the legal sanctions society might inflict . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shell people were schooled to examine every aspect of a problem or situation before making a prognosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] started to take his clothes off and [FILTERED] sat down on the bench again . (Filtered Words: 2)
A point like p gets information directly from n , but all information beyond n is indirectly relayed through n . (Filtered Words: 0)
After looking about a bit , Wilson discovered beyond [FILTERED] , across the river and far removed from the white city , a considerable tract of land , and it occurred to him that the church and the better Negro homes might gradually be moved to this plot . (Filtered Words: 1)
It seemed to me that I was not only unlucky but quite stupid as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Critical measurements in length and width directions should be taken before and after washing , drying , and restorative procedures . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] lifted his hand for silence . (Filtered Words: 1)
Well , it hadn't been what it seemed , he'd had no idea the girl was in there . (Filtered Words: 0)
But no one complained when they wound up , regardless of season , in venison pies . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least , I have found it so . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same use of an entirely different word applied for all the other tenses . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one saw Stacy leave . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] cried when the brush tipped his hat down over his eyes . (Filtered Words: 1)
He hasn't played too much , because Richards has been working on him furiously in batting practice . (Filtered Words: 0)
While the final combat of the campaign was being worked out at Jonesborough , [FILTERED] , on [FILTERED]'s instructions , ordered Slocum , now commanding the Twentieth Corps , to make an effort to occupy Atlanta if he could do so without exposing his bridgehead to a counterattack . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] found it difficult , but he held him in check . (Filtered Words: 1)
This movement of industry away from the central cities is not so catastrophically new as some prophets seem to believe . (Filtered Words: 0)
The colts in Simpson's stable have little if anything on the fillies , especially the pacers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside , the garden , the tame wilderness , yielded a patchwork bouquet of daisies , sweet william , scented stock and lady's bedstraw , which she tied with long grasses and took back to show [FILTERED] , who was now stirring about the kitchen and haranguing [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
His reference to ' discredited carcass ' or ' tattered remains ' of the president's leadership is an insult to the man who led our forces to victory in the greatest war in all history , to the man who was twice elected overwhelmingly by the American people as president of the United States , and who has been the symbol to the world of the peace-loving intentions of the free nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
the next , a cloud of gun smoke covered a screaming fury of sound , out of which the redcoat soldiers emerged with their bayonets and their cursing fury . (Filtered Words: 0)
Practically everybody in Berlin has relatives and friends that live in the opposite part of the city . (Filtered Words: 0)
And there are now many millions of workers for whom the factory with the big parking lot , which can be reached by driving across or against the usual pattern of rush hour traffic and grille-route bus lines , is actually more convenient than the walk-to factory . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hip-pocket '' tactics are going to be harder to apply . (Filtered Words: 0)
Large injection-molded letters are also available for sign installations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile I myself was not yet saved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gun knew that nothing but aces back to back would give the lieutenant an ulcer and a smile at the same time . (Filtered Words: 0)
We should recall the number of movements for the service of mankind which arose from the kindred Evangelicalism of the British Isles and the Pietism of the Continent of Europe -- among them prison reform , anti-slavery measures , legislation for the alleviation of conditions of labour , the Inner Mission , and the Red Cross . (Filtered Words: 0)
Best solution is to find an area that is predominantly sunlight or shade . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps you think the editorial meetings are solemn affairs , a little sanctimonious ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He almost brought it back all the way '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Continue on the Via D. Baullari to the Corso Vittorio Emanuele , then turn right for a couple of hundred yards to the Church of Sant' Andrea Della Valle . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the tale of one [FILTERED] , an American who has accidentally killed a man in the prize ring and is now trying to forget about it in a quiet place where he may become a quiet man . (Filtered Words: 1)
We shall show that the polynomials Af behave in the manner described in the first paragraph of the proof . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was like that . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is the equivalent of 8 per cent for an unmarried investor with more than $16,000 of income to be taxed , or for a married couple with more than $32,000 of taxed income . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a fixed grin on [FILTERED]' face , made hideous by the swollen nose and the smeared blood . (Filtered Words: 1)
the scene looked like a Christmas card . (Filtered Words: 0)
The approach to the depiction of the experience of creation may be analytic , as it is for Miss [FILTERED] , or spontaneous , as it is for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
He had taken her all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
The atom reactor , water cooled , was the result of almost a decade of research at the naval reactors branch of the atomic energy commission and Westinghouse Electric Corp. . (Filtered Words: 0)
The walk ended , inevitably , right in front of his hotel building . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Newport last night there were flashes of distant lightning in the northern skies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Motive . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm sure all girls feel this way about men until they live with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some people thought he lacked both ability and character , but most agreed that he was noble in appearance and , for a Russian , humane . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are hordes of nubile young women there who , prodded by their impatient mothers , are determined to marry . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's all I'm sure of '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is more like her full brother , Taraday Hanover , but larger . (Filtered Words: 0)
She's been in and out of my house for a dozen years now , although she's still a teen-ager who looks like a baby , she is getting married . (Filtered Words: 0)
and only rarely is he acutely concerned with the meaning of what he has located . (Filtered Words: 0)
By then they could never catch up with the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does she accurately give dates , ages , kind of occupation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For the industry of this model , the effect of such public pressures in the past has been to hold the price well below the short-run profit-maximizing price ( given the wage rate and the level of GNP ) , and even below the entry-limited price ( but not below average cost ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mollusks are a case in point . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
the genial smile seemed painted on his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
This desire , I went on , growing voluble as my conviction was aroused , had mounted at such a rate recently that I now found its realization necessary not only to my physical but also to my spiritual wellbeing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The publication last July of the party's Draft Program -- that blueprint for the `` transition to communism '' -- had led the uninitiated to suppose that this Twenty-second Congress would be a sort of apotheosis of the Khrushchev regime , a solemn consecration of ideas which had , in fact , been current over the last three or four years ( i.e. , since the defeat of the `` anti-party group '' ) in all theoretical party journals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Partisan Review and the other literary magazines helped to educate , in the best sense , an entire generation . (Filtered Words: 0)
One growth center in a short bone -- distal phalanx of the second finger -- was chosen as an example for discussion here , primarily because epiphyseal-diaphyseal fusion , the maturity indicator for Completion in long and short bones , occurs in this center for girls near the menarche and for boys near their comparable pubescent stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Looking back , Miss [FILTERED] feels that her ideas may have been influenced by those of Jackson Pollock . (Filtered Words: 1)
By our policy the West was -- is -- split . (Filtered Words: 0)
I reconstruct his sentences from notes made immediately after our conversation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm mad '' , and only wished he had been . (Filtered Words: 0)
The attendant recognized me once more and said , `` What did you do about that office '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This circular edifice , constructed by Agrippa in B.C. 27 , was rebuilt in its present shape by the Emperor Hadrian . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since it is a purely professional situation , none of the pain is associated with love-making or the beloved . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] Lord suggests that the Homeric poems were dictated to a scribe by a minstrel who held in his mind the poems fully matured but did not himself possess the knowledge of writing since it would be useless to his guild , and [FILTERED] argues that the Beowulf poet and [FILTERED] may have dictated their verse in the same fashion . (Filtered Words: 3)
But , up to now , no one has attempted to analyze its inherent mathematical properties , or the numerical significance of its numbers -- singly or in combination -- and then tried to consider these in the light of Old Chinese cosmological concepts . (Filtered Words: 0)
and at the infinite variety of London . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purpose of the Club is to promote better athletic teams at [FILTERED] and to increase interest in them among the student body . (Filtered Words: 1)
There are many such competently anonymous performances among the earlier poems . (Filtered Words: 0)
resolution limitations in a single stage (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What possessed you to tell me a clotheshorse would be a good idea '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Take care of yourself then '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before you look for a farm you'll need to know ( 1 ) the kind and scale of farming you want to undertake ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Curt twisted to one side , and the tines of the fork bit into the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hull is now turned over ( with the help of about seven friends ) and placed in a level , well-braced position . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now he knew perfectly that he had but longed to increase his own suffering . (Filtered Words: 0)
After I looked in at Francie , I went into the living room and waited . (Filtered Words: 0)
General leave to extend (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes strong stress serves to focus an important secondary relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made their spreads his headquarters , and he helped out in their roundups . (Filtered Words: 0)
Already his cool body lay in the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
The District Courts , in the framing of equitable decrees , are clothed ' with large discretion to model their judgements to fit the exigencies of the particular case . (Filtered Words: 0)
The birth of the myth compensates for the death of the ideal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two bequests were recorded : one of $200 under the will of Mrs. [FILTERED] of Los Angeles ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] , Director of Research at the Parapsychology Foundation , described the basis for the experiment in a tomorrow article , ( `` New Research On Survival After Death '' , Spring 1958 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was my fault '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had written him enthusiastic praise of Elmer Gantry ( any changes could be made in proof , which was already coming from the printer ) and they had ordered 140,000 copies -- the largest first printing of any book in history . (Filtered Words: 2)
Only the hum of insects and the distant fluttering call of a bird . (Filtered Words: 0)
Diane spoke no Italian or French . (Filtered Words: 0)
You do remember . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe to have supper . (Filtered Words: 0)
The label and operation columns must be blank and the continuation of the operand must begin in column 21 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That'll get you started . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It is , sir , as I have said , a small college , and yet there are those who love it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the night of December 2 , 1943 , and it was growing dark in [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ptolemy's problem is to forecast where , against the inverted bowl of night , some particular light will be found at future times . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She says she has to finish a story '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is commendable that a regularly scheduled hour is set aside for an introduction to the contemporary musical scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
You did this you like to hurt to beat people I want to go home '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once again [FILTERED] moved among them like a father ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Consider him seriously , therefore ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Expenditures for shipbuilding are estimated at about the same level as in 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were not sufficiently challenging however , and she resigned in 1887 , to go to Germany with her brother [FILTERED] and his family while he was there on study . (Filtered Words: 1)
But Af is vastly larger than R . (Filtered Words: 0)
14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had he found the meaning too late ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But white wines never ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If he died before she did , she would never be unable to resist opening it . (Filtered Words: 0)
At Fort Garry some of the Swiss also decided to cast their lot with the United States , and in 1823 several families paid guides to take them to Fort Snelling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mostly contemporary (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine slumped forward into a bow like a priest before an idol . (Filtered Words: 0)
With increasing advance of the knife into the coating the shear plane extends to the coatings surface and the shear angle rapidly decreases . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Newport-based destroyer picket escort Kretchmer has arrived back at Newport after three months' patrol in North Atlantic waters marked by mercy jobs afloat and ashore . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another school frowns on such a shortcut , and insists that after leaving the bin an old red wine should first stand on end for several days to allow the sediment to roll to the very bottom , after which the bottle may be gently eased to a tilted position on its side in the cradle . (Filtered Words: 0)
An idea , let us say , may be roughly defined as a theme or topic with which our reflection may be concerned . (Filtered Words: 0)
But what significance attaches to `` professional '' , beyond the narrow sense of skillfulness in meeting a client's stated needs as already noted ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed no . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grocery stores sell dozens of foods that boast of having almost no food value at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hot rodding is a science . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many an old-timer swore by the saliva method ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Student musical organizations are the Knights of Carleton and the Overtones ( men's vocal groups ) , and the Keynotes ( a women's singing group ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's all I ask '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She's in a mood '' , he thought `` There's not a month she doesn't get herself in a mood '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got her dozens of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Treat cattle with 10 grams per 100 pounds body weight with a maximum of 70 grams per animal . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` For six years my father had had to do too much commanding and convincing , '' writes the narrator , `` not to understand that man begins with ' the other ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of Detroit , a former president of the Professional Golfers Association , will receive the Ben Hogan Trophy for his comeback following a recent illness . (Filtered Words: 1)
Became `` Yes , the first half hour is tough , but by then I'm so numb I don't notice it '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And the boy will need his mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tsunami are so shallow in comparison with their length that in the open ocean they are hardly detectable . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was Virginia . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What worrisome thing happens ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Staged by way of announcing the gift of a large and intimate [FILTERED] collection by the artist's widow , Helen Farr [FILTERED] , to the Wilmington Society of the Fine Arts , the exhibition presents a survey of [FILTERED]'s work . (Filtered Words: 2)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a small , neon-lighted restaurant and cocktail lounge on the southeast corner of the intersection as he turned into the quiet , palm-lined street where most of the houses on both sides were older two-story mansions , now cut up into furnished rooms and housekeeping apartments . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was essential that he should restore his formidable reputation as a rip-roaring , ruthless gun-slinger , and this was the time-honored Wild West method of doing it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Large , long-range bombers can be developed which would have the capability to take off from 3,000-foot runways , but they would require more powerful engines than we have today . (Filtered Words: 0)
The order is identical to the ordering of the forms they describe . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are , of course , the same people whose support he has only now rejected to seek the independent vote . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other speakers for the fund-raising dinner include Reps. [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , Labor Commissioner [FILTERED] and Mayor [FILTERED] , all Democrats . (Filtered Words: 4)
At the fifteenth magnitude , Af , and at the twenty-fifth magnitude , Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he reached for the door there was a knock on it and when he opened he found [FILTERED] , who came in and sat down on a bunk . (Filtered Words: 1)
Molding (Filtered Words: 0)
Catholics who were truly Christians longed for the simple penance of days gone by . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s eyes fixed on the other's feet , which would first betray the moment and direction of an attack . (Filtered Words: 1)
The smell is sexual , but so powerfully so that a civilized nose must deny it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The crude picture of the detergency process thus far developed can be represented as : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The constant-temperature contours are much smoother than those observed at 4.3 mm by Coates ( 1959 ) and apparently the emission at 8 mm is not nearly so sensitive to differences in surface features . (Filtered Words: 0)
Communications (Filtered Words: 0)
The face of one block contained a hole 1/16'' '' in diameter which led to a manometer for the measurement of the normal pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
To him , [FILTERED] had always been the living symbol of a Polish officer . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pip himself is to feel the terror of Orlick's `` murderous hand '' in his secret rendezvous at the sluicehouse on the marshes . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a check from his company , and the usual enthusiastic bulletins on new lines they always issued . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is no positive and consistently demonstrable relationship in the strictest sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
For ten years a small group of European and U.S. critics has been calling attention to the half-forgotten Austrian expressionist [FILTERED] , who died 42 years ago at the age of 28 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Well , he told himself , let's put the show on the road . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the career of Konrad Adenauer , who upheld Germany's tradition of rock-like leaders which Bismarck began , draws near the end . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many years have passed since a Metropolitan audience heard anything comparable . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are , of course , many weaknesses in any case against Emma . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is remembered and has been commemorated by a bust in a park and a square in the city which was renamed Piazzo Lauro Di Bosis after the war . (Filtered Words: 0)
For phosphor to fiber and fiber to air surfaces , and assuming Af , we obtain Af percent . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are made of gold and covered with emeralds , pearls and other jewels . (Filtered Words: 0)
If life and death did not both present themselves to us , there would be no inscrutability . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be sure ducts that require insulation get it when they are installed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's a long time , waiting '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is through the metamorphosed dancer that the germ of form is discovered . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the second place , though , even if Birmingham is worse , no doubt Johannesburg , South Africa , beats it by several miles , and [FILTERED] was one of the worst things that ever happened in the entire history of the world . (Filtered Words: 1)
After walking out to his corral that morning , he'd been amazed to see the dust puff up in front of his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
The three Indian brass deities , though -- Ganessa , Siva , and Krishna -- are an altogether different cup of tea . (Filtered Words: 0)
That word was withheld when the need of it seemed the measure of his despair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here are a few facts and figures I've assembled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hand grenades . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are as many rates as there are countries and models of cars available . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought again of her children , those two who had died young , before the later science which might have saved them could attach even a label to their separate malignancies . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was crying softly to himself , shedding his striped suit and fumbling into the nondescript butternut pants , the worn brown shirt . (Filtered Words: 1)
More than the fans of Pagnol's old films and of their heroic star , the great Raimu , were looking askance at the project . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've tried to compromise by letting them take the little car now and then . (Filtered Words: 0)
While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i.e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was trying to smile at her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boy , could she catch ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Banks the Butcher took Meltzer the Scholar as an apprentice and he made it very clear that a man of learning must be able to do more than just quote the Commentaries of the Talmud in order to live . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ornament is confabulation in the interstices of structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Falling most easily prey to an adverse market movement , for this rank of traders can least afford to lose , virtually anything the odd-lot traders do , marketwise , is taken to exemplify the `` wrong '' thing to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it not well-made ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This confuses me no end . (Filtered Words: 0)
A substantial rise in new orders and sales of durable goods was reported for last month . (Filtered Words: 0)
The freight traffic most susceptible to raiding by the C. & O. - B. & O. provides the backbone of Central's revenues . (Filtered Words: 0)
If she and [FILTERED] were really getting serious , I'd have to do some hard thinking . (Filtered Words: 1)
best growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was gifted with animal magnetism and a potent allure for women of any race . (Filtered Words: 0)
The north portion of the Essex bridge was well worth the cost of construction , although it proved to be twice what was estimated in the beginning . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He has the magical eye . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] , like [FILTERED] , the bugler boy who carried [FILTERED]'s last message , or [FILTERED] , the one-man Army on [FILTERED] , was a [FILTERED] , through and through . (Filtered Words: 6)
Instead of that he was engulfed by bedlam . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oneupmanship is practiced by both sides in a total war . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If he would only leave the East '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Interview the bellboy and chambermaid who waited on [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- His bodily resurrection from the dead (Filtered Words: 0)
Doesn't it you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Are you referring , sir '' , asked [FILTERED] politely , `` to the Dark Age discussions of the number of angels who could stand on the head of a pin '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
-- [FILTERED] highest purity tank chlorine was passed through a tube of resublimed Af into an evacuated Pyrex system where it was condensed with liquid air . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the existent form is to be retained new factors that reinforce it must be introduced into the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But because of the peculiar nature of the military situation in Laos , the Soviet leader must be tempted to let things ride -- a course that would appear to cost him little on the spot , but would bog Washington in a tactical mess . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because he copiously shed his own tears , and yielded himself up as a living sacrifice to the impersonalized conscience of New England , he was not disturbed by the havoc he worked in other people's consciences . (Filtered Words: 0)
They polished the windshield . (Filtered Words: 0)
A year later another Salem ship returned from Burma with a cargo of gum lacquer which nobody wanted to buy . (Filtered Words: 0)
What was perhaps more important than his concept of the nature of history and the historical method were those forces which shaped the direction of his thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Gastronomes have long argued about which came first , the Palace's or Antoine's . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hurry '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , for instance , writes about rural life in New England , but he does not include any significant amount of folklore in his poems . (Filtered Words: 1)
The meat wagon , therefore , was not out in front of the house any more , but the cluster of squad cars was still there and there was a cop on the door downstairs to screen any comings and goings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Military personnel costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is plain as hell [FILTERED] is no reactionary . (Filtered Words: 1)
With loud huzzahs for the artistic success of the Presbyterian-St. Luke's Fashion show still ringing in her ears , its director , Helen Tieken Geraghty ( Mrs. [FILTERED] ) is taking off tomorrow on a 56 day world trip which should earn her even greater acclaim as director of entertainment for next summer's International Trade fair . (Filtered Words: 1)
Additional restrictions regarding the use of continuation cards with macro-instructions appear on page 106 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But no other two phonologic systems are as difficult to disentangle as are tone and intonation in some languages . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is necessary that Poland should be free , independent in power . (Filtered Words: 0)
He pulled open the top drawer of his desk and drew out a tintype . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wasn't this an unusually young age to fill such a responsible post ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The jurors said they realize `` a proportionate distribution of these funds might disable this program in our less populous counties '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , it is also a Christian insight to know that unless charity interpenetrates justice it is not likely to be freedom that marches forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Receiving '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and which , more often than all these , conveys a welter of feelings which could in no way be conveyed by any number of words , words which are so unlike this welter in being formed and discrete from one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is no dextrous-fingered college boy but rather a dedicated , humble , and bashful apostle of this instrument . (Filtered Words: 0)
A formulaic element need not be held meaningless merely because it was selected with little conscious reflection . (Filtered Words: 0)
She's been in and out of my house for a dozen years now , although she's still a teen-ager who looks like a baby , she is getting married . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything must balance to the last penny . (Filtered Words: 0)
That the perfect continuity was composed from the joblot of memory impressions in the professor's brain , or 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reaching the porch rail beyond view of the bar windows , he feverishly scanned the busy street below . (Filtered Words: 0)
the scene looked like a Christmas card . (Filtered Words: 0)
While high anxiety children achieve significantly less well ( Af ) in the unstructured school than do low anxiety children , they appear to do at least as well as the average in the structured classroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
By what right of superior virtue , Southerners ask , do the people of the North do this ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I murmured something about a possible difference between New Mexico's history and Mississippi's . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gyrocompass alignment is an automatic heading system which depends upon the characteristic of one gyro to establish true heading . (Filtered Words: 0)
The chances are excellent that he will . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
Well , there lies your answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hesitated for a moment when [FILTERED] asked him to disrobe , so [FILTERED] gave him a piece of toweling to wrap around his loins , led him to the kitchen to take off his clothes . (Filtered Words: 2)
-- [FILTERED] highest purity tank chlorine was passed through a tube of resublimed Af into an evacuated Pyrex system where it was condensed with liquid air . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was thinking about that . (Filtered Words: 0)
The senses in each counterpart bear the impression only of phenomena that share its own frequency , whereas those upon all other frequencies are invisible , inaudible and intactible to them . (Filtered Words: 0)
For better or worse we cannot regard `` imitation '' in the arts in the simple mode of classical rationalism or detached realism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then let the whole lot be hanged in a public mass execution on July 4 , 1963 . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least , I want to find out whether she's home yet or not '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For any pencil in a plane containing a Af-fold secant of **zg has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in Af lines , namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of **zg and the multiple secant , plus an additional component to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jazz is good not only because it promotes wholeness but because of its decided sexual effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll bet he wouldn't be pleased if a rumdum like me were to ask his daughter for a date -- I mean , after I'm out of the hospital , a month or so from now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll beat it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lewis himself furthered these tales . (Filtered Words: 0)
With traditional nationalistic spirit , some Englishmen claim that English Catholicism is Catholicism at its best . (Filtered Words: 0)
To write a play , the dramatist once needed an idea plus the imagination , the knowledge of life and the craft to develop it . (Filtered Words: 0)
And contrary to what has been said recently , we did not wait for `` outside pressures '' and `` world opinion '' to bring down that Communist government ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
New Unifil application (Filtered Words: 0)
We were told that to the Pathet Lao , a kidnaped American was worth at least $750 , a fortune in Laos . (Filtered Words: 0)
My father , a wise man , asked him not to . (Filtered Words: 0)
His point is simply that the Tories have showered him with personal satire , despite the fact that as a private subject he has a right to speak on political matters without affronting the prerogative of the Sovereign . (Filtered Words: 0)
For paradigmatic history `` breaks '' rather than unfolds precisely when the movement is from order to disorder , and not from one order to a new order . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] hopes to find suitable shakers so that kelp can be available at the tables . (Filtered Words: 1)
He still points an accusing finger at all of us , telling us we have neither the courage to support him nor the energy to cut his throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
You look quite strong and healthy to me , Dandy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I thought so , and he mentioned it , and [FILTERED] said so too . (Filtered Words: 1)
A telephone line had been hooked up to connect the ship with the Base exchange . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is this a nut-house ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , conjoined with the considerations above , made the circular motions of heavenly bodies appear an almost directly observed fact . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was an automatic phrase ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Find out whether fire protection , sewage system , gas , water mains , and electrical lines are available in the locality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Broil or toast as usual . (Filtered Words: 0)
But now he knows `` that an intellectual is not only a man to whom books are necessary , he is any man whose reasoning , however elementary it may be , affects and directs his life '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think that readers generally hate minute polemics and recriminations . (Filtered Words: 0)
In order to further refine the management of passenger vehicles , on July 1 , 1958 , the actual title to every vehicle was transferred , by Executive Order , to the Division of Methods , Research and Office Services . (Filtered Words: 0)
A voice on the loudspeaker system announced that if the rain let up the performance would resume in ten minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
for [FILTERED] so far this year ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Suppose we do get our fears out in the open , what then ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of them were then covered with a drop of Af in a moist chamber at 24-degrees for 30 - 40 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cotton Belt Gin Service , Inc. of Dallas makes gin saws and started here 14 years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
About 90 percent of the corn used in the United States is fed to animals . (Filtered Words: 0)
The powerful microphone I could press against the wall between my motel unit and that occupied by the man would bring in the sound of any conversation , and I was positively nauseated I was so hungry . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am also pleased to note that Mr. [FILTERED] , a member of the Times staff since 1946 , has been appointed as editorial page editor . (Filtered Words: 1)
and ( 5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
How was she to behave , [FILTERED] wondered . (Filtered Words: 1)
Attendance is required at the College Service of Worship or at the Sunday Evening Program or at any regularly organized service of public worship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of them were then covered with a drop of Af in a moist chamber at 24-degrees for 30 - 40 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Extending her fingers another inch , she caught up the shorts , and swiftly left the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spherical concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from exceeding the elastic limit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Participation for the educator in this case , however , would have to be raised to full and complete membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is one of the greatest American public figures in the history of our country and I consider that I have been singly honored in the privilege of knowing [FILTERED] and sharing with him the rights and obligations of a Member of the House of Representatives in the Congress of the United States . (Filtered Words: 2)
During the discharge the magnetic forces set up by the passage of current cause the edges of the foil to roll inward toward its center line , thus allowing light to pass into the camera . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Rock shows up during the number -- or you hear anything -- give me the signal '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1952 , it will be remembered , the G.O.P. without positive program campaigned on the popular disillusionment with liberal leadership and won overwhelmingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides flathead bronze screws , silicon bronze Stronghold nails ( made by Independent Nail & Packing Co. , Bridgewater , Mass. ) are used extensively in assembly and Weldwood resorcinol glue is used in all the joints . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Doors that won't open , and doors that won't close and shelves and broken -- '' (Filtered Words: 0)
They are determined to prove something . (Filtered Words: 0)
From March 3 to May 1 , 1949 , the patient was maintained on dexamethasone , 3 to 6 mg. daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , as [FILTERED] has noted , the individual's failure to develop preliminary identities during infancy and childhood need not be irreversibly deterministic with respect to a given area of identity diffusion in his ( or her ) adolescence . (Filtered Words: 1)
Every doll in the house must be going with her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stick 4 or 5 cloves in each frank , ham fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now that Bruno Walter is virtually in retirement and my dear friend [FILTERED] is no longer with us , I am probably the only one -- with the possible exception of [FILTERED] -- who has this special affinity for and champions the works of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 4)
Mr. [FILTERED] Food Technician First Class is not sad ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Fosterite bishops , after secret conclave , announced the Church's second Major Miracle : Supreme Bishop Digby had been translated bodily to Heaven and spot-promoted to Archangel , ranking with-but-after [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the allocation pattern worked out for these frequencies , the provision of long-range service has to some extent been subordinated to the other two objectives -- assignment of multiple facilities , and assignment of stations in as many communities as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Master [FILTERED] , having foully abused high and low at Aquidneck is now bewitching and bemaddening poor Providence , both with his unclean and foul censures of all the ministers of this country ( for which myself have in Christ's name withstood him ) , and also denying all visible and external ordinances in depth of Familism : almost all suck in his poison , as at first they did at Aquidneck . (Filtered Words: 1)
We shall show that the polynomials Af behave in the manner described in the first paragraph of the proof . (Filtered Words: 0)
A bee's place is in the hive '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This may help explain a phenomenon described by a small-town Jewish boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also asked Congress to approve establishment of a national child health institute . (Filtered Words: 0)
Far more frequently , overeating is the result of a psychological compulsion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pirate Manager [FILTERED] said he hadn't decided between [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] for Wednesday's game . (Filtered Words: 3)
His stick ceased to be a thing to rest his chin on and became a pointer for emphasizing the finer aspects of his text . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was certain now that [FILTERED] was in the house , but also , presumably , was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The 34 arrows , denoting onset age plus completion age deviations , have been arrayed in an Onset sequence which begins with girl 18 who had the earliest Onset of the 34 girls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plebian dictators (Filtered Words: 0)
His son who had never held an office in any organization in the eighteen years of his life . (Filtered Words: 0)
He may want additional technical help , and this should be forthcoming . (Filtered Words: 0)
Caution : (Filtered Words: 0)
over , the , country -- . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let me do the submitting to the Royal Academy '' , he suggested . (Filtered Words: 0)
Operations in the new plant should be producing efficiently early in 1962 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Varlaam's music begins to ramble as he feels the effects of the wine , but he pulls himself together when the need arises . (Filtered Words: 0)
The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $4,500,000 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Beyond that , Allied disagreement about military intervention in Laos -- despite warnings that they might do so -- allowed Moscow to carry out with impunity a series of military and diplomatic moves that greatly strengthened the pro-Communist forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I rather like the music '' , Willis replied quietly . (Filtered Words: 0)
they realize the relevance of what they are learning to their future careers , and this sense of purpose is carried over to the academic courses which they are studying at the same time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Roman Catholic Church has excommunicated one of its priests , Father Feeney , for insisting that there is no salvation outside the visible church . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could hardly believe such good luck was mine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here was another indispensable tool . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since I am the composer '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Wives of the period shamefacedly thought of themselves as `` used '' by their husbands -- and , history indicates , they often quite literally were . (Filtered Words: 0)
Edmonia for her mother , she said firmly , [FILTERED] , for herself , and -- (Filtered Words: 1)
The girls seemed to spend half their time tiptoeing in `` to see if [FILTERED] was all right '' and they were too preoccupied to cook , much less be secretaries . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , in this case as elsewhere it was necessary to arrive at a single standard to be applied to all situations , representing an averaging of conditions , and thus to fix particular points in time which would be considered the dividing points between daytime and nighttime conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The road's engineers look for further improvement when the turnpike is extended into Boston . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concentration of effective power in Rabat leads not only to party bickering , but to distraction from local activity that might have had many auxiliary benefits in addition to contributing to more meaningful elections . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Last fall , after they took their hopes for entering Georgia to court , Judge [FILTERED] ordered them to apply again . (Filtered Words: 1)
A petition bearing the signatures of more than 1,700 Johnston taxpayers was presented to the town council last night as what is hoped will be the first step in obtaining a home rule charter for the town . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was filled with the spirit of the Fighting Seventh . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The remainder of the 4-year college requirement would be in general subjects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , eager to have him allied with the family , wanted advice beyond the confines of his field , and [FILTERED] set out on a serious study of the situation , including trips to Wisconsin and Washington . (Filtered Words: 2)
Berlin is merely being used by Moscow as a stalking horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since I am the composer '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This of course was not true of the educated and sophisticated people we met , who loved their pets , but kindness is not a basic human instinct . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others admitted he was absolutely correct -- he never slept . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did older people work more slowly ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I helped Lilly in the store . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are slowly being regimented to having everything packaged , whether we want it or not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Center-punch and drill the No. 31 hole 7/16'' '' from one end of the bar . (Filtered Words: 0)
A pool is no place for a shut trap . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you can't see your way clear to have summer cooling included when building , by all means make provision for its easy adding later . (Filtered Words: 0)
I tell you , it took every ounce of control I had to be able to speak . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't forget , here was a man who had been accusing his colleagues for almost a year of willfully attempting to present an incorrect report . (Filtered Words: 0)
For sprains and swellings , one pint of cider vinegar and half a pint of spirits of turpentine added to three well beaten eggs was said to give speedy relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus Baptist churches on the frontier took cognizance of charges against their members of drunkenness , fighting , malicious gossip , lying , cheating , sexual irregularities , gambling , horse racing , and failure to pay just debts . (Filtered Words: 0)
yet they include peoples as different from one another as Oregonians are from Patagonians . (Filtered Words: 0)
Statistically this has represented a loss to the nation , although one must admit that in an individual case the decision in retrospect may have been a wise one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fort Lauderdale (Filtered Words: 0)
My heart almost stopped beating . (Filtered Words: 0)
At first Matilda could not believe her own eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it was proposed to rebuild the church , Wilson found that the terms for a new mortgage were very high . (Filtered Words: 0)
The House communications subcommittee is expected to report out a good bill calling for the states to match federal funds . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who would suppress dangerous thoughts , credit ideas with high potency . (Filtered Words: 0)
And once she , too , ignored him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The liquid phase photochemical exchange between chlorine and carbon tetrachloride was more reproducible than the thermal exchange , although still erratic . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There will be no women aboard the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In answering these questions , we need to ask not merely whether Communist troops have crossed over into territories they did not occupy before , and not merely whether disciplined agents of the Cominform are in control of governments from which they were formerly excluded : the success of Communism's war against the West does not depend on such spectacular and definitive conquests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , her husband and child contracted T.B. from her . (Filtered Words: 0)
the way in which the transformation of state depends on the operating variables for the main types of reactors is discussed in the next chapter . (Filtered Words: 0)
As far as they were aware , the Connecticut Association of Real Estate Boards had not officially opposed the bill's passage or lobbied in its support . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fought to the end to preserve it as a `` government of the people , by the people , for the people '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nationalism has abetted not only the repudiation of foreign religions but the revival of native ones , some of which had been lying in slumber for centuries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gradual , controlled expansion of the world's textile trade is what President [FILTERED] wants . (Filtered Words: 1)
If such is the case , the particles within a distance of about Af of the Earth will have , relative to the Earth , a kinetic energy less than their potential energy and they will be captured into orbits about the Earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this organization , about half of the engineers with 15 or more years of employment are in supervision , engineering or elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cars were operated in 1959 for an average $.027 per mile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Budget increased (Filtered Words: 0)
An unusual , if not extraordinary , rendering of the classic myth that involves the rescue of Prometheus from the rock by the U.S. Cavalry was given last week in the warehouse of the Albany Leather Conduit Company amid cheers of `` Hubba hubba '' and `` [FILTERED] pip pip '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Some years later the bank handling the [FILTERED] liquidation received a check for $300,000 , enough to clear up the debt . (Filtered Words: 1)
Many of today's developments in thermoforming stem from original work done with signs and displays ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their hostess enquired . (Filtered Words: 0)
For most of the 25 years the operation was under feminine direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
In contrast , the East is ably led by such stalwart heroes as Khrushchev , Tito , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Seven years later he was asked to become director of the Pittsburgh Symphony . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our most elemental and unavoidable impressions , he says , are those of being involved in a large arena of powers which have a longer past than our own , which are interrelated in a vast movement through the present toward the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
One who had been a boy in Auschwitz had to tell how children had been selected by height for the gas chambers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , I guess I know enough to turn you inside out , you sockdologizing old mantrap '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Gun went to the connecting door , which was open , and stood at attention while [FILTERED] , in full uniform , finished combing his hair . (Filtered Words: 1)
The dust-thick saliva came from his mouth like balled cotton . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'll shoot up the town '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The radiation doses required for the preservation of foods are in the following ranges : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore to Helva , the problem that she couldn't open her mouth to sing , among other restrictions , did not bother her . (Filtered Words: 0)
I couldn't be sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a second feature of the influences of literature , good literature , on emotional life which may have some special value for our time . (Filtered Words: 0)
In general , however , the timetable of travel lags considerably behind that of the student at Harvard or Smith . (Filtered Words: 0)
While nowadays we recognize the fact that there are many causes for bleeding at the nose , not long ago a nosebleed was simply that , and treatment had little variation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's that you say '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , development will not lead to longrun stability . (Filtered Words: 0)
the difference between Mr. [FILTERED] and the Association is a difference between no Christianity and Christianity '' -- despite these supposed conclusive assurances , the modern liberal heaves repeatedly a sigh of relief , of positive thanksgiving , that the Association never quite brought itself officially to expel [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Dave . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , in that same cabin , [FILTERED] fell to his knees beside a bunk . (Filtered Words: 1)
Most of us would be willing to admit that forgiveness comes hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Barnard , who pleaded no defense to manslaughter and hit-run charges , was fined $500 by Judge [FILTERED] , and placed on two years' probation providing he does not drive during that time . (Filtered Words: 1)
The current was regulated by means of a variable resistor and measured with a 50 mV shunt and millivoltmeter . (Filtered Words: 0)
First Kentucky . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could produce carefully constructed orations , set and formal speeches , artfully and prayerfully made by writing and rewriting with all the aid his tutor and others could provide , and then delivered verbatim from memory . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was like hitting a sack of salt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quiet and energetic , cheerful and calm , she too was a power in the development of the seminary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was it love ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is a basis in fact for the exaggerations of the folk-lore beliefs . (Filtered Words: 0)
An institutionalized liberalism proved itself fundamentally an institution , and only within those defined limits a license . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I have been blest with excellent spirits , and to-day have been running about the deck , and dancing in our room for exercise , as well as ever '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hooked the next two out of bounds on the opposite side . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew that . (Filtered Words: 0)
A bustle of sheets being smoothed and pillows being arranged indicated the fille de chambre's presence inside ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The design is determined emotionally : `` I must reach into myself for the spring that will send me catapulting recklessly into the chaos of event with which the dance confronts me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and in the third place , it would cost a fortune to reproduce in the first place -- you've got six colors there including gold '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The farm value of seeds produced in this country for all purposes , including the cereals , is nearly 10 billion dollars a year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some were clearly of Christian origin , among them the Great Awakening and other revivals which helped to make Christian liberty , Christian equality , and Christian fraternity the passion of the land . (Filtered Words: 0)
knowing that its ageless mass would always dwarf the short span of time allotted to any man . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's not too much to assume that you will have a more lasting interest in paper hats than will Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Square each State's allotment percentage . (Filtered Words: 0)
By this standard , it is determined that where two stations operating on the same frequency are involved , objectionable interference from station A exists at any point within the service area of station B where station A's signal is of an intensity one-twentieth or more of the strength of station B's signal at that point . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spoke through the public address box built into the cabin , and his gigantic voice roared out over the empty plain , so that the pink herd of talking people stirred gently in their happiness and wondered what their friend B'dikkat might be wanting to tell them . (Filtered Words: 0)
To carry out this exalted conception the author has combined the vivid realism and imaginative power we have noticed in his early poetry and carried them out on a grand scale . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cost didn't matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
From his birch-paneled office in the Laboratory of Physiological Hygiene , under the university's football stadium in Minneapolis ( `` We get a rumble on every touchdown '' ) , blocky , grey-haired Dr. [FILTERED] directs an ambitious , $200,000-a-year experiment on diet , which spans three continents and seven nations and is still growing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Obviously , [FILTERED] was not . (Filtered Words: 1)
In defeating `` Louis Capet '' , [FILTERED] victory in Texas signals , once again , the end of the divine right of Liberalism . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is the only method left for a man to escape from a woman's world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The very rules and regulations in every city are the primary case of slum conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Root and stem tumors from sweet clover plants infected with WTV were quick-frozen in liquid nitrogen , embedded in ice , and cut at 3 - 6 **ym in a cryostat maintained at -16-degrees to -20-degrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
She picked her own Middle-Eastern friends from the flock of ardent Egyptians that buzzed around her . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But if there is no line , how can there be two countries ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't turn it off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The micrometer caliper , as a common workshop tool , also owes much to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cascading single stages by coupling lens systems is rather inefficient as the lens systems limit the obtainable gain quite severely . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is the bossman ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Powder flame gushed beneath the wagon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each person was to enter the testing room , carrying a suitcase of samples . (Filtered Words: 0)
the group sets the styles in clothing , the kind of play engaged in , and the ideals of right and wrong behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I answered it a voice too dignified and British to be real said , `` Is this Mr. [FILTERED] , the actor '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Recapitulation of Milton's undergraduate career (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
The coalition was to prove inadvisable . (Filtered Words: 0)
A new waterfront site for the bureau is now being built at Atlantic City , New Jersey , to provide the most modern marine testing facilities as a further tool to keep the sport safe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not defending [FILTERED] , or being an ace , or fighting for humanity . (Filtered Words: 1)
Look at Pete Alcorn , who hadn't missed a Hanford ball game in fifteen years . (Filtered Words: 0)
so that , while it usually is easy to recognize a poem by Hardy , it is difficult to date one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Productivity is something of an amorphous concept and the amount of productivity increase in a given time period is not even well known to the industry , much less to the union or to the public . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was nothing in particular on the man's face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as a varitinted Oriental rug may suggest the starting point for a room scheme , so may some of the newest versions of embroidery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suggested improvements will be submitted to the Congress shortly . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] could not furnish a strong explanation , the governor insisted that he lower his prices in accord with the scale printed in The Advocate . (Filtered Words: 1)
It may be hard to decide what this labor is worth , but charge something for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , she apologized for the long scratch across his face , tried to explain she couldn't help herself , that the panic arose in her unwanted . (Filtered Words: 0)
The market for computers and other data-handling continues to expand at the rate of about 30% annually , reaching some $450 million in 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the correlation is substantial only among upperclassmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hitching his cartridge belt around , [FILTERED] glanced upward briefly at the Palace and started that way with [FILTERED] at his side . (Filtered Words: 2)
During this study septic conditions developed in the oxidation pond in the spring when the ice melted . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Albania is merely a symptom of a real malaise between China and Russia . (Filtered Words: 0)
This happened to be vice versa , but even so , the answer was a masterpiece . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cleveland , Ohio ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
East Berlin ( Communist ) radio in German to Germany : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] fixed us each another drink , and said , `` For God's sake , tell me something truly amusing '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
We use the term `` bio-medicine '' because of the close interrelation between biology and medical research . (Filtered Words: 0)
I cannot accept that view , either as a lawyer or as an administrator . (Filtered Words: 0)
How this was accomplished may be described , since this sometimes is a crucial problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was pleasant last night , therefore , to hear him do something else : a concerto he has recently recorded , `` The Emperor '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Done at Washington in duplicate this fourth day of May 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even here there is room for some variation , for metal surfaces vary in smoothness , absorptive capacity , and chemical reactivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The advantages of dilatation by the physician are both physical and psychological . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt that it would be a particular humiliation to Dolores to pick up her own underwear which he had laid on the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has been seduced by the marvels of the unconscious and has lost interest in studying the surfaces of character . (Filtered Words: 0)
The predicted interaction effect should , if potent , extend its influence over all academic achievement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The deputy had forced him to by his manner of accosting him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make the man put them in if he has to '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( D ) (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the wei books were also destroyed in a series of Orthodox Confucian purges which culminated in a final proscription in 605 . (Filtered Words: 0)
One ground of action certainly exists when fusillades of stray shots go over into West Berlin as Communist `` vopos '' try to gun down fleeing unarmed residents . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mmm '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sameness lined the streets with two-story houses the color of ash . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] told me about it , how one evening he went over to see the Theatre Guild man . (Filtered Words: 1)
Garments . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had left the party early , pleading a headache . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parker insisted that the size of the record would have been drastically reduced but for an unavoidable duplication of testimony . (Filtered Words: 0)
Malocclusion , or a bad fit , is what parents need to look out for . (Filtered Words: 0)
We want him back there or we want him dead '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was delighted to see them so happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
This dinner was the start of a new blatancy in the relationship between the gangs and the politicians , which , prior to 1924 , says [FILTERED] , `` had been maintained with more or less stealth '' , but which henceforth was marked by these ostentatious gatherings , denounced by a clergyman as `` Belshazzar feasts '' , at which `` politicians fraternized cheek by jowl with gangsters , openly , in the big downtown hotels '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
New simplified packaged units , recently devised prefabricated glass-fiber ducts , and improved add-on techniques make it possible to acquire a system for an 1800-square-foot house for as little as $600 to $900 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably every visitor has a favorite time for his first sight of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were right . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Alors , you may go no farther '' , he said imperiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
He advanced slowly , directly , giving no hint of a feint to either side . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hold , on the contrary , that we mean to assert something of the pain itself , namely , that it was bad -- bad when and as it occurred . (Filtered Words: 0)
The words were hollow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every dream , and this is true of a mental image of any type even though it may be readily interpreted into its equivalent of wakeful thought , is a psychic phenomenon for which no explanation is available . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hey , will you look at that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Wasn't the owl her symbol '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
around the hole , blood glistened in a little patch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sintered porous metals should be usable in principle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drifts usually happened only with cattle , for hosses had 'nough sense to avoid 'em , and to find shelter for 'emselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nickel-iron meteorites with sufficient kinetic energy to produce large terrestrial explosion craters may nevertheless melt only small quantities of material . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had smilingly said . (Filtered Words: 1)
The psychological strategists in Taiwan stress the great sense of family , cultivated in China over thousands of years . (Filtered Words: 0)
He crossed the tracks to Delaware House , where ladies in gay dresses and men in straw boaters and waxed mustaches crowded the verandah . (Filtered Words: 0)
This transformation is uniquely determined by Af and we therefore speak of the process as deterministic . (Filtered Words: 0)
They come in crisp basket weaves in natural honey hues , along with lacey open weaves with a lustre finish in natural , white , black and a whole range of colors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although he questions the extent and nature of the alleged revival of religion and the alleged increase in conformity , and thinks that `` hedonistic '' present-time orientation does not have the meaning usually attributed to it , he does conclude that Americans increasingly enjoy leisure without guilt , do not stress achievement so much as formerly , are more accepting of group harmony as a goal , more tolerant of diversity and aware of other cultures . (Filtered Words: 0)
A massive investigation of the characteristics of in-migrants and prospective out-migrants in Ruanda-Urundi is being carried on by [FILTERED] , former Director of the Social Science branch of IRSAC , now a professor at l'Universite Officielle Du Congo Belge et [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Some of them came from people who identified themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider this table : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. Jude 24 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although today's trucks are as fast as passenger cars , a truck driver has to be a sensible person and guard against hogging the road . (Filtered Words: 0)
never seemed as if it could happen to you ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We are trying to study a linear operator T on the finite-dimensional space V , by decomposing T into a direct sum of operators which are in some sense elementary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Official congratulations showered upon [FILTERED] and his army . (Filtered Words: 1)
Secretion (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned and fled into the house and made his way up the marble stairs without once looking back . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a writer on the theater , I have paid close attention to the plays . (Filtered Words: 0)
Felix asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
An important operation in soliciting industrial locations involves what we term `` Missionary calls '' by one of this Division's industrial promotion specialists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Below , twenty vaults tunnel through the understructure of the bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Softness is found in crushed textures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are annual marketing plans reviewed throughout your management group to get the perspective of all individuals and get everyone on the marketing team ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In what section of the country are you located ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The walk and his fears had served to overheat him and his sweaty armpits cooled at the touch of the night air . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , the Peace Corps could be physically located in ICA's facilities and depend on the State Department and ICA for administrative support and , when needed , program assistance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us see just how typical Krim is . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meeting U.N. obligations (Filtered Words: 0)
They took nearly a month to investigate , marshal statistics , and put their arguments down in black and white . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two things contribute to his popularity . (Filtered Words: 0)
How much will it cost to do any necessary modernizing and redecorating ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They saw completely masculine and obviously virile men performing with incredible grace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Light showed in the orderly room across the parade ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
And their chroniclers are not the dramatic poets but the prose novelists . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had sought talks with Moise Tshombe , the secessionist president of Congo's Katanga province where recent fighting had been bloody . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hear anything from Hanford yet , Dad '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In common parlance they would be described as misses -- misinterpreters , misunderstanders , misdirectors and kindred misdeeds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Khrushchev threatens us with a 100-megaton bomb ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
got [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The novel opens with a fugitive convict frantically trying to avoid the nemesis of being `` laid hands on '' -- a mysterious figure who looks into [FILTERED]'s frightened eyes in the churchyard `` as if he were eluding the hands of the dead people , stretching up cautiously out of their graves , to get a twist upon his ankle and pull him in '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] stepped back to let him slump to the ground , and then dived over him through the open door into [FILTERED] who was cursing loudly and trying to drag a gun from a shoulder holster , somewhat impeded by the steering wheel . (Filtered Words: 2)
There were many letters of strong protest against the portrait of the Anglican clergyman , who was indeed portrayed as a man not particularly concerned with religious matters and without really very much to do as clergyman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fifteen years ago , troubled by the rising tide of materialism in the post-war world , a businessman and a minister asked themselves if there might not be a place for a small magazine in which men and women , regardless of creed or color , could set forth boldly their religious convictions and bear witness to the power of faith to solve the endless problems of living . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
With the most casual and relaxed manner in the world , Dolores led Anthea to the bedroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who seems to have made a special hit in the East , was delightful as the lady Bluebird and her partner , [FILTERED] , was wonderfully virile , acrobatic , and poetic all at the same time , in a tradition not unlike that of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
What can we say of the probabilities of the different possible numbers of bull's-eyes ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I can't help it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our research and development program , serving as it does an industry which must compete against low-cost production throughout the world , continues to have primary emphasis at Leesona . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is indeed true , as stated in the famous novel of our day , `` For Whom The Bell Tolls '' , that `` no man is an island , entirely of itself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Make the man put them in if he has to '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The distances are at least two inches from any edge of the specimen . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was her first day in Rome and it was June . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , alive . (Filtered Words: 0)
One evening , while a volley-ball game was being played in the yard among the prisoners remaining there , a simulated melee was staged -- just as the gates were opened to admit other prisoners returning from work . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no directive for it -- the Security Council's resolution had not mentioned political matters , and in any case the United Nations by the terms of its charter may not interfere in the political affairs of any nation , whether to unify it , federalize it or Balkanize it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guerrillas were running across the parade ground and through the rear gate in the wake of the departing horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Patchen does read some of his earlier works to music , but he has written an entire book of short poems which seem to be especially suited for reading with jazz . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the concern of the Department of State that the American people are safe and secure -- defense is not a monopoly concern of the Department of Defense . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. John 12 , 13 . (Filtered Words: 0)
pleasure domes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clay was rolled to 1/4'' '' thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
And though in his later years he revised his poems many times , the revisions did not alter the essential nature of the style which he had established before he was thirty ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was so . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was right . (Filtered Words: 0)
He came to the edge of the veranda , peered down at them with his hand on his gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Plenty of people are poor all their lives '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , also fifteen , was tall and skinny , scraggly , with straight black hair like an Indian's and sharp brown eyes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Other deductions are subtracted only from Adjusted Gross Income in arriving at Taxable Income . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly , when a reporter once questioned Lincoln in cryptic fashion , Lincoln refused to make any further statement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The experimental second moment Af conforms to the relation Af in agreement with theory . (Filtered Words: 0)
It made her look sweet and schoolgirlish , I was excited to be with her , but I did not know how to express it . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the summers , while he was still in school , [FILTERED] worked for his father's firm as a messenger boy . (Filtered Words: 1)
the boat's come unstuck '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He caught her by an arm and helped her into the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a historian , with the great merit of a historian's long view . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , stealthily they advanced upstream ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
when the pope , trying no doubt to appeal to his better nature , said to him , `` You have already taken [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Range delivery '' meant that the buyer , after examinin' the seller's ranch records and considerin' his rep'tation for truthfulness , paid for what the seller claimed to own , then rode out and tried to find it . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was also used for sores . (Filtered Words: 0)
On that view , nothing good or bad happened in the case until I came on the scene and made my remark . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much progress has been made in the last two decades in developing techniques for understanding children , yet in almost any classroom today can be found children whose needs are not being met by the school program . (Filtered Words: 0)
Models will be Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] A [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 11)
Extensions are not granted as a matter of course , and the reasons for your request must be substantial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Commentary was a mere suburb of Partisan Review , the arch-enemy . (Filtered Words: 0)
She took refuge on a tongue of land extending into a gully , crouched at the base of a thorn tree , and waited for them to come up . (Filtered Words: 0)
The others likewise had hidden themselves in the grass and the brush . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a long way to Websterville '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If laborers are merely commodities competing against each other in a market place like so many bags of wheat and corn ( unsupported , by the way , by any agricultural subsidy ) , then they may be pardoned for reacting with complete antagonism to a system that imposes such status upon them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The single animal or a small bunch were referred to as `` strays '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
DIOCS is used to select the major methods of processing to be used , and to name the index words used by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In recent weeks , as a result of a sweeping defense policy reappraisal by the Kennedy Administration , basic United States strategy has been modified -- and large new sums allocated -- to meet the accidental-war danger and to reduce it as quickly as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He capped the bottle and replaced it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tried to run after [FILTERED] , to hug the lead spacesuit , to tell [FILTERED] that he loved him . (Filtered Words: 2)
These are those operating and capital costs found to vary with number of customers regardless , or almost regardless , of power consumption . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is nothing new in this ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
they destroy such men with their damned tests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theocracy reconsidered . (Filtered Words: 0)
I regained my squatting position behind the truck cab's rear window . (Filtered Words: 0)
An important operational procedure in BW for an enemy would be to create an areosol or cloud of agent over the target area . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've got this leg brace '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She seemed irritated . (Filtered Words: 0)
While [FILTERED] made himself comfortable on the couch , I'd play the tunes for him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dan Beam presented music and the bride was given in marriage by her father . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nothing '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each die has probability Af of producing an ace ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Haven't the faintest , Captain '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You haven't dressed for the occasion '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Because the bobbin-to-cone winding process is a relatively high-cost operation for the mill , the almost complete automation provided by the Uniconer can mean important economies in textile production , at the same time upgrading quality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Visitors are welcome to come see what these dedicated mothers can do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something had to be done . (Filtered Words: 0)
Enzymatic action in stored food produces changes which can adversely affect the appearance of food or its palatability . (Filtered Words: 0)
Benson said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the two leaders , DePugh and Lauchli , hastened to put the group through its paces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] reported the theft at their home on 41 Garden Hills Drive at about 6 last night . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] ( surname : Gerby ) , 23 , seems Hong Kong Oriental but has a Spanish father and an Indian mother , was born in America and educated at Holy Cross Academy and Textile High School , says she learned belly dancing at family picnics . (Filtered Words: 1)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
they would have to refuel at El Paso . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Included in the findings are : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the last analysis , though , Wilson had little cause to complain . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the early eighteenth century this fantastic city , then the size of London , started to decline . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You hold down the fort , Nogol . (Filtered Words: 0)
Please , dear God , make my pilots good , he prayed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hardy's two productive decades were separated by forty years , yet between them he developed only in that he became more steadily himself -- it was a narrowing , not an expanding process . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It says water works , but there is a policeman on duty , too '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They've found some sort of new evidence , a bundle of clothes or something , and it must link the kid even stronger to the crime . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , he turned out to be a complete failure in his new position . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not satisfied with various unofficial checks on the liveliness of baseballs currently in use , the major leagues have ordered their own tests , which are in progress at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pen and ink , indelible -- or other suitable marking device . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , if this were [FILTERED] next door to him and if , for some obscure female reason , she kept her clothes in the refrigerator , they would not be pink . (Filtered Words: 1)
In order to be saved , plasticity had had to be isolated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was silent a moment , thinking he could use a man this time of year , and if the girl could cook , it would give him more time in the meadows , but he knew nothing about the couple . (Filtered Words: 0)
Voegelin has analyzed this experience in the case of the stable , healthy community . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alix and [FILTERED] on their wedding day . (Filtered Words: 1)
We now write Af where Af are distinct complex numbers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not really . (Filtered Words: 0)
Has the probable price situation in your field been forecast as a basis for future planning ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They walked toward each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
They did not `` duck the war '' but they fought in it , however reluctantly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I feel another of terrible urgency . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Marketing meat (Filtered Words: 0)
No meteorites have ever been recovered from paleoexplosion craters , and recent craters containing impact glass have all been produced by metallic meteorites with the exception of Aouelloul crater , Adrar , Western Sahara Desert . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once inside , keep your eyes open '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Basin Street Beat (Filtered Words: 0)
Shortly the group would issue its report to the Secretary General , recommending [FILTERED] dismissal from the United Nations . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hudson's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the Thames . (Filtered Words: 0)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one had screamed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the thing for us to do is to find ourselves a couple of those wonderful flowering currants such as the red [FILTERED] sanguineum of our Pacific Northwest , or otherwise a good sloe tree , or perhaps some nice pussy willow in bloom , preferably one with male or staminate catkins . (Filtered Words: 1)
Biological warfare (Filtered Words: 0)
Cascading single stages by coupling lens systems , ( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
This relationship , however , is not maintained centrally . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wide range in bids (Filtered Words: 0)
Going downstairs with the tray , [FILTERED] wished he could have given in to [FILTERED] , but he knew better than to do what she said when she had that little-girl look . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Let's see it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
But our stumping tour of the south wasn't all misery . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] slurped his way to the bottom of the soup bowl . (Filtered Words: 1)
A two-run homer by [FILTERED] and a solo blast by [FILTERED] tied the game , and single runs in the eighth and ninth gave the Athletics their fifth victory in eight starts . (Filtered Words: 2)
The curb was a line of stone laid edgewise in the dirt and tilted this way and that by frost in the ground or the roots of trees . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s left hand was pressed against the side of his head , red cheeks whitening beneath his fingers . (Filtered Words: 1)
Slowly she moved up the Hooghli River , a mouth of the mighty Ganges , toward Calcutta . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] could still feel a cold sweat on his slightly gray temples as he remembered what a near thing chemistry had been for him at Hanford . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] are co-chairmen this year . (Filtered Words: 2)
-- Using a portable grill permits you to toast the buns , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Colonel ordered that it be wiped out , and I suggested , ' You ask for volunteers , and promise each man on the patrol a quart of whisky , ten dollars and a week-end pass to Davao . (Filtered Words: 0)
What did he do for relaxation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Did I start the damn war ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He used it very effectively when he wanted to get his squad on the ball . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 360 degrees of horizon it obscured only a degree , no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'll eat just a pineapple and cottage cheese salad and I'm to have one with her so she won't feel out of place '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By that time , perhaps something better can be done '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tsunami in the Hawaiian Islands in 1869 washed away an entire town ( Ponoluu ) , leaving only two forlorn trees standing where the community had been . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you have a program for scrutinizing all these links regularly and carefully -- and with some imagination ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The headquarters of [FILTERED] was on a farm , said to have been particularly well located so as to prevent the farmers nearby from trading with the British , a practice all too common to those who preferred to sell their produce for British gold rather than the virtually worthless Continental currency . (Filtered Words: 1)
For general morale reasons and to encourage the efforts of his supply officers , when food was short for combat troops he cut the rations of his headquarters staff accordingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have to say good-bye upstairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
By what one reader called a `` series of dissolving views '' , he merges one period into another and gives a sense of continuous growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
So Enright's courting of the mettlesome [FILTERED] is impeded considerably , thereby providing the tale which is told . (Filtered Words: 1)
Does she often speak of locations , of cause of death ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and it is still very far from certain how valid the party's claim is that in `` a growing number of kolkhozes '' the peasants are finding it more profitable , to surrender their private plots to the kolkhoz and to let the latter be turned into something increasingly like a state farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have learned from earthquakes much of what we now know about the earth's interior , for they send waves through the earth which emerge with information about the materials through which they have traveled . (Filtered Words: 0)
But from the start they had two important ingredients : sincerity and realism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Agnese had been sitting quietly , listening with the serenity of the unaware . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before he could duck , another stone struck him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oxnard , Calif. , will be the home of the Rev. [FILTERED] and his bride , the former Miss [FILTERED] , who were married Saturday at the Munger Place Methodist Church . (Filtered Words: 2)
And she withdrew then to Cromwell Hall , in Cromwell , Connecticut . (Filtered Words: 0)
You've got to learn to live with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
they climbed the stairs which creaked , very loudly to their sensitive ears , and reached the next floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously what we are confronted with here is the identification of `` professional '' with narrow skills and specialization , the effective servicing of a client , rather than responsiveness to the wider and deeper meaning and associations of one's work . (Filtered Words: 0)
The argon flow through the porous anode was varied systematically between Af and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is of interest that her menarche was somewhat later than the average for the girls in this group . (Filtered Words: 0)
He already had that slow pace that comes over the elderly , while she herself had all the signs of one who appreciates the joys of living . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two late Sonatas , [FILTERED]. 110 and 111 , were played with similar insight , the disarming simplicities of the [FILTERED]. 111 Adagio made plain without ever becoming obvious . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thomas tried hard to have his cavalry ready for the test it was to meet , but his plans were wrecked when it was forced into a campaign without optimum mobility and with its commander stripped from it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man closed his eyes and nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] will never forgive him -- never ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Never mind '' , she said sternly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could do that when he would be a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since he introduces so much modern music , I could not resist asking how he felt about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were both so young , after all , so unready for any final parting . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Good figures should be kept in hand '' , she said , and walked away with an exaggerated wiggle . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the Hessian troops sent here willy-nilly by the Hessian Government to fight for England in the 1770's were mercenaries , what shall we call the UN troops sent to the Congo willy-nilly by their governments to fight for the United Nations ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You go . (Filtered Words: 0)
To see this , consider a general pencil of lines containing a general secant of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wine glass heels are to be found in both high and semi-heights . (Filtered Words: 0)
she was fatally injured . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was big-chested , big-shouldered and heavy-armed . (Filtered Words: 0)
This could also be used for any other skin irritation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The spaciousness of the Tudor cooking areas , for example , will provide needed space for the extra television sets required by modern butlers , cooks and maids . (Filtered Words: 0)
That society responds by condemning the private eye as a threat to the status quo , a potential criminal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trial had packed the large courtroom for more than a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
And with this point about the passions , we encounter [FILTERED]'s dualism . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the maintenance of a long-term program , the departments , and particularly their chairmen , are strategic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Direct method . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] includes the following declarative statements : DA ( Define Area ) , DC ( Define Constant ) , [FILTERED] ( Define Record Definition Word ) , DSW ( [FILTERED] ) , DLINE ( Define Line ) , EQU ( Equate ) , CODE,DTF ( Define Tape File ) , DIOCS ( Define Input/Output Control System ) , and DUF ( Descriptive Entry For Unit Records ) . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` Sir , I know the cannery helps '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By virtue of the legal responsibilities of the Department of Employment in the farm placement program , we necessarily found ourselves in the middle between these two forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would champion me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trees are their homes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I can't wait no two weeks '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Good operational intelligence can ensure sound planning , greatly reduce force requirements , and increase tactical effectiveness . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were four from St. John's and four from Christ's , three from Pembroke , and two from each of the colleges , Jesus , Peterhouse , Queens' , and Trinity , with Caius , Clare , King's , [FILTERED] , and Sidney supplying one each in the ordo senioritatis . (Filtered Words: 1)
) Her [FILTERED] lay curled in the sun like a fawn , black hair falling over his eyes . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not to repel injury and uphold and improve pax-ordo means not simply to accept the misshapen order and injustice that challenges it at the moment , but also to start down the steep slope along which justice can find no place whereon to stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Colorful , bright [FILTERED] fabrics , with the magenta , pink and white tones predominating as well as golden shades are used with Composite . (Filtered Words: 1)
the mere fact that he was selected , though as a substitute , to act as interlocutor or moderator for it , or perhaps we should say with [FILTERED] as ' father of the act ' , is in itself a difficult phase of his development to grasp . (Filtered Words: 1)
We'll wait till you're stronger and then talk about it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Participants in the 27 Portland companies worked one night a week through the school year , guided and counseled by adult advisors drawn from local business and industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Since when did they allow beardless kids into the saloon bars of this town , boys '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It gives them room to play and plenty of fresh air . (Filtered Words: 0)
His policies had resolved the conflicts that threatened to ignite the cold war and workable solutions were beginning to take shape . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , walking in awe , he became familiar with God , who resided chiefly in Drew Centennial Church with its high steeple and clock . (Filtered Words: 0)
The closed molding of flexible urethane foams has been a problem ever since the introduction of the material ( molding in open molds was more feasible ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet U.S. coal is cheap enough to make foreign steelmakers' mouths water . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is chairman of the committee , which includes Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , 2d , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 15)
Bandaging And Splinting ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Spencer , if there is guilt , if you do not deny your own , how is it possible for Cromwell to be innocent ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The others , the ones in the stands , were spellbound , for hearing the mayor was for them like listening to a symphony was for sophisticated folks in New York City . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm lay in his bunk and listened to the sounds of the night on Yancey-6 138 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this case the proxy sitter will know only the name of the communicator , nothing else . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a good use of money . (Filtered Words: 0)
The diagonalizable operator is the special case of this in which Af for each i . (Filtered Words: 0)
with a few telling strokes he characterized Alvise magnificently . (Filtered Words: 0)
New machinery of coordination should not be our primary objective in the foreseeable future -- though perhaps the `` political general staff '' of Western leaders proposed by Sir [FILTERED] would serve a useful purpose . (Filtered Words: 1)
We are forced , in our behavior towards others , to adopt empirically successful patterns in toto because we have such a minimal understanding of their essential elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , originally he had hoped to become a concert pianist and had even performed as such . (Filtered Words: 0)
Acting only as interpreter [FILTERED] , her hands folded on her lap , was utterly impersonal . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Broadway Theater League of Rhode Island presents [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] production of `` Fiorello ! ! (Filtered Words: 2)
`` You shouldn't be riding up here after dark , [FILTERED] , he said quietly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Beyond the aesthetic and technical aspects of this expansion we must consider the change in pottery style on broader lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes there weren't even any seats . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Felix Grubb '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Using a Batista man to screen refugees represented a total misunderstanding of the democratic forces which alone can effectively oppose [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
the old woman with the stew . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was on the tenth day after the wedding ( how could it have been so soon ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I am certain that [FILTERED] will not fall into the same sad philosophy . (Filtered Words: 1)
No temptation , no sin . (Filtered Words: 0)
If `` [FILTERED] the Courtier '' is really to be taken as Swift , the following remark is obviously Steele's comment on Swift's change of parties and its effect on their friendship : `` I assure you , dear [FILTERED] , when I first found out such an Allay in you , as makes you of so malleable a Constitution , that you may be worked into any Form an Artificer pleases , I foresaw I should not enjoy your Favour much longer '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The female from Central America which gave birth to four was only 3 feet 11 inches long . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the end , he said : `` I'm not enchanted by the proposition , sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the temperature reached 32-degrees-F all protozoan activity ceased ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The log was spinning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alley fences were made of solid boards higher than one's head , but not so high as the golden glow in a corner or the hollyhocks that grew in a line against them . (Filtered Words: 0)
One town and one city , Coventry and East Providence , require an adjustment of their fiscal year only . (Filtered Words: 0)
He assures me he has people to handle the money raising , and [FILTERED] , my lawyer , says the legal aspects of the wedding of Zenith and Allstates are no problem . (Filtered Words: 1)
Harvey Haddix , set back by the flu this season , will start against his former Cardinal mates , who might be playing without captain [FILTERED] in tonight's game at Busch Stadium . (Filtered Words: 1)
Only one of the flight scored a direct hit and the rest blew up jungle . (Filtered Words: 0)
After being closed for seven months , the Garden of the Gods Club will have its gala summer opening Saturday , June 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What I always say is what if somebody clobbers you in a little car like that ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But you should understand , [FILTERED] , that Hesperus and [FILTERED] are not long out of the nursery . (Filtered Words: 2)
And why do we in the West know so few of his ballets ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the only meaning of the word that he had ever known . (Filtered Words: 0)
He dozed , only to dream of [FILTERED] , and woke , only to crash into the night table , bruising his other shin . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I try to treat Daniel as if he were normal , though of course I realize he is far from that at present . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems that Khrushchev himself took a very special pride in having made a world-shaking contribution to Marxist doctrine with his Draft Program ( a large part of his twelve-hour speech at the recent Congress was , in fact , very largely a rehash of that interminable document ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 23d day of October , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth . (Filtered Words: 0)
but she had stayed all winter , and [FILTERED] had stayed all winter too -- with them . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] will move into the post being vacated by [FILTERED] , earlier named Attorney General to succeed [FILTERED] , who will be elevated to an associate judgeship on the Maryland Court of Appeals . (Filtered Words: 3)
To that question the answer is simple ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The nuclear war is already being fought , except that the bombs are not being dropped on enemy targets -- not yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plans went in and out of Lublin , indicating German confusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some students from the University returned around six with a large pot containing enough hot soup to last me a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pa was on his side , looking at me , his eyes winking , the hand that had hit me a fist in the pillow . (Filtered Words: 0)
In that moment of vision Adam heard the voice within himself saying : I must not hate him , I must not hate him or I shall die . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here are the two Preambles : Federal Constitution , 1789 (Filtered Words: 0)
The camp was a cluster of aluminum bubbles , ringed with a spy web to alert the Earthmen to the approach of any being . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter , thanking her for the coffee , had winked and muttered , `` Sure 'nuff , honey '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bedtime is late , for the balmy evenings are delightful and everyone wants to linger under the stars . (Filtered Words: 0)
The living as well as the dead now accuse him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Tap these 3-48 for mounting the electrical contact later on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Living pictures of the early boroughs , country life in Tudor and Stuart times , the impact of the industrial revolution compete with sensitive surveys of language and literature , the common law , parliamentary development . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bronchial artery in its course and distribution differs somewhat from that found in other mammals . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] is already wonderfully contented with his lot . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the meantime , while the South has been undergoing this phenomenal modernization that is so disappointing to the curious Yankee , Southern writers have certainly done little to reflect and promote their region's progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
we're on even terms . (Filtered Words: 0)
I turned around with the percolator in my hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
The state's railroad system counted miles of broken bridges and missing rights-of-way : it would obviously remain out of commission for weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
The colony was administered from Brussels , with neither the Congolese nor the resident Belgians having any vote . (Filtered Words: 0)
How soon you may go outdoors ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They're followed by the front and rear bulkheads as illustrated . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , by starting the Peace Corps now we will be able to begin training young men and women for overseas duty this summer with the objective of placing them in overseas positions by late fall . (Filtered Words: 0)
The eventual prize in this new battle was the public printing contract that [FILTERED] still held . (Filtered Words: 1)
but artists now were ready to refine and elaborate their inheritance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The responsibility is still going to be there whether they pay for a VA hospital or the tax dollar is spent for the state hospital . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was in Africa on a mission of peace . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of course she wasn't herself right now , but as her strength came back her spirits didn't seem to rise with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a hell of a noise this time of morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sonuvabitch , I can't figure out what in hell for they went and put niggers in my squad for . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frame (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not candy wrapping . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is , like [FILTERED] , too alienated to be reliable . (Filtered Words: 1)
Harriet was just as delighted . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Hoag had not stayed on the front steps when Griffith disappeared into the building . (Filtered Words: 0)
a 3-by-6-ft. plastic sign weighs about 120 lb. , compared to 275-300 lb. for neon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even [FILTERED] , for all his efforts to formulate a naturalistic morality in The Sun Also Rises and A Farewell To Arms never maintained that sex was all . (Filtered Words: 1)
Doaty would never have left her house to a godless woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gen. Swing has received public attention before this for abuse of some of the prerogatives of his office . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has found it useful , but he has employed it with his habitual independence of mind and skeptical outlook . (Filtered Words: 1)
His objective was , essentially , to repair those aspects of orthodox astronomy responsible for its deficiencies in achieving these ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
We also give , for each property , an example where the property is absent . (Filtered Words: 0)
A river , wide as the Missouri , where it ran by his place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rep. [FILTERED] of Connecticut has brought this problem to the attention of the Armed Services Committee . (Filtered Words: 1)
We were not rushed . (Filtered Words: 0)
She always let it be known that there was wine in the pot roast or that the chicken had been marinated in brandy , and that [FILTERED]'s second cousin was an intimate of theirs . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It took me five hours to write it that way '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No doubt [FILTERED] would do well now ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Time to become afraid . (Filtered Words: 0)
The electoral procedure prevented the ready identification of party affiliation , but all vitally interested parties , including the government itself , were busily engaged in determining the party identifications of all successful candidates the month following the elections . (Filtered Words: 0)
At once upon his arrival , he telephoned [FILTERED] who invited them to tea , and then [FILTERED] decided to give a party as a quick way of rounding up his friends . (Filtered Words: 2)
Let's be fine superior people of great dignity '' , he said as if he were joking . (Filtered Words: 0)
At first the kitchen help was tolerant , but ordered their own supply of white bread for themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Japanese sake is wine fermented from rice grain . (Filtered Words: 0)
To others whose concern it is to penetrate the significance of Christian Humanism , the Renaissance elements are of primary concern . (Filtered Words: 0)
His alienation is far more acute than Holmes' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The socialist environment , it was stated , had cross-fertilized these two extreme seeds and was about to produce a new plant and fruit . (Filtered Words: 0)
True , the adherents of staying put are now reduced to a minor , even a miniscule sect , and their credo , `` Home-keeping hearts are happiest '' , is as disreputable as Socinianism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the goal of our international planners is a World Government , this Atlantic Community would mark a giant step in that direction for , once American economic autonomy is absorbed , a larger grouping is a question of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of our young people think it would . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had surprised [FILTERED] like she had surprised me when she said she'd go , and then she surprised him again when she came back so quick like she must have , because when I came in with the snow she was there with a bottle with three white feathers on its label and [FILTERED] was holding it angrily by the throat . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had found [FILTERED]'s weakness , or what to [FILTERED] was a weakness , and was smart enough to take advantage of it . (Filtered Words: 2)
So strenuous it was physically , with its days of horseback riding over rough roads that it seems an amazing feat of endurance for both Miss Packard and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Only recently new `` holes '' were discovered in our safety measures , and a search is now on for more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine the ratio of 40% to the average per capita income of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
And put water on to boil and then searched through the icebox . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had turned his ankle slightly , and it pained him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He played the leading role in negotiating the treaty with Great Britain that ended the Revolution , and directed America's foreign affairs throughout the Confederation period . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Jean Babel '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In dealing with these frequencies , the objective listed first above -- provision of service to all listeners -- was predominant ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She was getting real dramatic . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jury praised the administration and operation of the Atlanta Police Department , the Fulton Tax Commissioner's Office , the Bellwood and Alpharetta prison farms , Grady Hospital and the Fulton Health Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
And let it do its own lawmaking and not leave that to federal judges . (Filtered Words: 0)
flux gain of a single stage (Filtered Words: 0)
) And his eyes -- those miniature sundials of variegated yellow -- had not altered their expression or direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a man was good , if he was going to be governor , you felt it and you wanted him to go on forever . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trends have been in evidence for many years -- population shifts to the Southwest and Far West , and from city to suburbs . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1959-60 , vehicles averaged an operating cost of $.027 per mile . (Filtered Words: 0)
There we shall be free and unknown ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In his fight for the Illinois and Indiana delegations , Hearst made several trips to Chicago to confer with [FILTERED] , the former San Francisco Examiner man who was now his Chicago kingpin , and once to meet with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
that he must have since he was there like the radio for you to turn on or snap off when you got tired of him , that other guy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pausing in the doorway he said : `` The form of the human female , unlike her mind and her spirit , is the most challenging loveliness in all nature '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` People and soils respond slowly '' , says [FILTERED] , `` but the time has now come when the gardens produce delicious long-keeping vegetables due to this enrichment program . (Filtered Words: 1)
Other countries which may willingly or unwillingly become Communist can furnish bases . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The case was that [FILTERED] came up to Shann claiming he had found further errors in the report . (Filtered Words: 1)
This was not a search for a `` magic formula '' , but rather an examination of basic principles pertaining especially to all types of communication in marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
After 18 years in the personnel office , she has taken a disability pension on advice of her doctors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only public understanding and support can provide that service . (Filtered Words: 0)
I tried to do so by calling to their attention some of the problems that a senior departmental policy officer faces . (Filtered Words: 0)
( E ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hold his head up . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You are the only man aboard who can be in doubt '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Company of the Indies , holding to its program of economy , made no arrangements to furnish better goods at attractive prices . (Filtered Words: 0)
This grew into the song `` Big Time Comin' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As one development followed another , the company's reputation for precision in the graduating field brought it broader and broader opportunities for expansion in precision manufacture . (Filtered Words: 0)
The contract called for overhauling of 102 joints . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Had a world war not been in progress , there would never , under any conceivable stretch of the imagination , have been an Allied intervention in North Russia '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Man may also be injured secondarily by damage to his food crops or domestic animals . (Filtered Words: 0)
The missiles were to be armed with an underwater bomb . (Filtered Words: 0)
Up to date , however , his garden was still more or less of a mess , he hadn't even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he hadn't found it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He explained that by law the council must establish procedures for a vote on the issue within 60 days after the board of canvassers completes its work . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Picture ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Illustrations were prepared for 11 Department of the Army manuals and one Graphic Training Aid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Filigreed perfume boxes exuded the aromas of Araby . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Skipjack became the fastest submarine ever built . (Filtered Words: 0)
The keynotes of this style are activism and emphasis on achievements in gaining self-esteem . (Filtered Words: 0)
His reference to ' discredited carcass ' or ' tattered remains ' of the president's leadership is an insult to the man who led our forces to victory in the greatest war in all history , to the man who was twice elected overwhelmingly by the American people as president of the United States , and who has been the symbol to the world of the peace-loving intentions of the free nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
these were Oersted's main contacts in science . (Filtered Words: 0)
He `` legitimized '' [FILTERED] for Lilian Steichen , and it was [FILTERED] who insisted on [FILTERED] for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
The primary deterrent appears to lie with the technical people themselves , and their concept of what constitutes status in present-day society . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not a case of the investment bankers having to sell the stock ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This is just being a normal writer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Superintendents at dog shows state it is becoming more difficult to obtain a licensed Handler to Judge Junior Showmanship Competition . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' Then it was no bogey she had dreamed up ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Very easily they may be neglected and eventually join the ranks of the unconcerned and inactive . (Filtered Words: 0)
it's such a big seller '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] has acquired some of Schnabel's keyboard manner , but his playing is of limited insight . (Filtered Words: 1)
Changing his clothes , he put on his dark-blue flannel suit , and laid away the gray jacket with the feeling that he might be putting it aside for good . (Filtered Words: 0)
In contrast , a metal coupon Af in size would have a magnitude from 100,000 to a million less . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm Mrs. [FILTERED] , a soft voice explained , `` And I'd like to talk to you for a few minutes , please '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
They came upon cheetal deer at woodland pools . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Beadles formerly lived in Lake Forest . (Filtered Words: 0)
just listening to him made me feel intelligent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh '' , said the woman , `` I've seen that picture already '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
anti-discriminatory statutes in housing have now been adopted by thirteen states and , while specific provisions have varied , the tendency is clearly toward expanding coverage . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Goolick , goooolick '' , creaked a sea gull . (Filtered Words: 0)
the cocktail party . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were learning trades as diverse as shoe repairing , bricklaying , carpentry , cabinet making , auto mechanics , and airplane mechanics . (Filtered Words: 0)
What has this to do with the present ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Higher tolls are planned for July 1 , 1961 , on the Richmond-Petersburg , Va. , Turnpike , and proposals for increased tolls on the Texas Turnpike are under study . (Filtered Words: 0)
A pool is no place for a shut trap . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conrad interrupted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Freed of routine by having his own firm and a complaisant partner , his work in New York had given him a broader overall knowledge of business administration and corporate structure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
And you wonder if that is why the little man lost his job and his car and stayed drunk about a year before he straightened out and moved to St. Louis , where he got to be a big unhappy success . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were several missions which demanded instant attention but [FILTERED] had been of interest to several department heads in Central for some time and each man was determined to have her assigned to his section . (Filtered Words: 1)
This invariably effaces any wine's character , and drives its fragrance underground . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just come along '' , [FILTERED] told him . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Le Theatre D'Art Du Ballet '' , of [FILTERED] , will present a program of four ballets including `` Francesca Da Rimini '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
No one hurried . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Left mine many a time , only she never knew it . (Filtered Words: 0)
SBA Business Loans ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And it was interesting to observe that B.B.C.'s television film on Christmas Eve was The Bells Of St. Mary's . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and the Anniston pitcher were pulled away before they even came together . (Filtered Words: 1)
8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A word taken in its dictionary meaning , a photographic image of a recognizable object , the mere picturing of a `` scene '' tends to lose experiential vividness and to connote such conventional abstractions as to invite neutral reception without the incitement of value feelings . (Filtered Words: 0)
The large statue on the first floor is believed to be the statue of Pompey at the base of which Julius Caesar was stabbed to death ( if so , the statue once stood in the senate house ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither the engineer nor the ordinary citizen feels any self-consciousness in obeying the laws of matter and energy , nor can he achieve a sense of self-righteousness in such obedience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Avoid doubling up on the same item . (Filtered Words: 0)
But neither was the statement empirical , for goodness was not a quality like red or squeaky that could be seen or heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the end did come , and the schools were disbanded and abandoned , we felt and hoped that the machinery of psychological warfare would not be allowed to rust . (Filtered Words: 0)
At his death Fred and [FILTERED] , my husband , were named executors of the estate under the terms of the will . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
as part of a larger development effort , however , it may gain wide acceptance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The relatively long and often colorful selections in this anthology enable the reader to become genuinely absorbed in what is said , whether he responds with anger or applause . (Filtered Words: 0)
She put the violin away and took out some linen , needles and yarn to while away the long , idle days in Budapest . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , because the personal code of the detective coincides with the legal dictates of his society , because he likes to catch criminals , he is in middle class eyes a virtuous man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now suppose that we also have Af where D' is diagonalizable , N' is nilpotent , and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
By Theorem 10 , D is a diagonalizable operator which we shall call the diagonalizable part of T . (Filtered Words: 0)
Telephone communication was bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the interim between now and next year , we trust the House and Senate will put their minds to studying Georgia's very real economic , fiscal and social problems and come up with answers without all the political heroics . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the ditch sand was white and soft-looking , only an occasional pebble discernible , faintly gleaming . (Filtered Words: 0)
This anomalous status of the educator cannot fail to lower his standing in the eyes of the students . (Filtered Words: 0)
the sounds made by these organs were , therefore , dissimilar . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You could come down to the office once a day , look over a few exchanges , dictate an editorial , and then have the remainder of your time for your more serious literary labors . (Filtered Words: 0)
And now she was feeling sick , both from concern about Stanley and hunger . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought it was sometime during the second week she worked for Stanley . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well Jesus '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Registered Democrats in New York City this year have the opportunity to elect their party's candidates for Mayor and other municipal posts and the men who will run their party organization . (Filtered Words: 0)
and a store was broken into and robbed . (Filtered Words: 0)
We , ourselves , are always eager to know how others feel about us and the way in which we live . (Filtered Words: 0)
Birds chirped and chattered in the trees and the sun , all dewy-eyed and soft , caressed her shoulders warmly from time to time . (Filtered Words: 0)
But those penetrating eyes -- I had to turn my head away . (Filtered Words: 0)
The editorial , by omitting the words anti-trust enforcement , totally distorted Mr. [FILTERED]'s views . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You are the only man aboard who can be in doubt '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be sure to press the additional clay firmly into place without locking in air bubbles . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a clear relationship between their educational evaluations and their basic pattern of general values . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went upstairs to phone Crumb . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet he knew the others were sleeping more soundly , now that they had renewed their contact with the matter that had birthed them to send them riding high vacuum . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the spring when penned cattle were turned out to grass , this was spoken of as `` turn-out time '' , or `` put to grass '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The steady purpose of our society is to assure justice , before God , for every individual . (Filtered Words: 0)
Af is the scale factor of the accelerometer ( Af ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
best growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
That would make [FILTERED] happy '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Seven Founders -- [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] -- determined the destinies of the new nation . (Filtered Words: 7)
`` [FILTERED] tells me he's using your Atlantis equipment on the dive '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
When this proposal was made , [FILTERED] spoke with stronger emotion than at any other time during the Conference . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is conclusive , unless appealed , only upon the particular parties to the particular action which was heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
The settlement was called Shawomet . (Filtered Words: 0)
The firm is design-conscious , sales-conscious , advertising-conscious . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come sit '' , said Feathertop , motioning them toward him . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time even she did not answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for missionaries , even if they succeeded in getting into the country they probably would not be allowed to preach the Christian faith to the Burmans . (Filtered Words: 0)
The attackers sent for more soldiers , and the defenders , to save bloodshed , surrendered under the promise that they would be treated as neighbors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prior to World War 2 , there was a higher percentage of endogamous marriages than after World War 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
You shouldn't have tried to . (Filtered Words: 0)
( D ) honesty in government . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this role of father confessor , he has always been most characteristic and most helpful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sherman had accomplished this much of his job and then inexplicably nullified it by his thirty-mile retreat from [FILTERED]'s to Atlanta . (Filtered Words: 1)
It also happened with the Inauguration , which was not re-run at all during the evening hours , and I wrote to the TV editor of the Times . (Filtered Words: 0)
Commandeering a passing car , [FILTERED] pursued the fleeing vehicle , but lost it in traffic . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is another kind of ardor , a quiet , sure devotion to the fundamental decencies of human life , but no angry utopian contentions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those that remain are those that were headed by strong executives , men with the abilities to last almost 30 years in the competitive survival of the fittest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ephesians 2 : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had loved and lost [FILTERED] to somebody else , had watched her marry the somebody else , and had caught a bear of a cold by kissing the bride good-by forever , which was really piling it on . (Filtered Words: 1)
He washed it down with beer and produced a deep-seated belch . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gun moved . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the New York Times : (Filtered Words: 0)
So obvious are these advantages that nearly 95 per cent of the population of New York State now has access to a system , and enthusiastic librarians foresee the day , not too distant , when all the libraries in the state will belong to a co-op . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man half-reached for the cord of the alarm bell . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A marriage can survive almost any kind of stress except an open and direct challenge to the husband's maleness '' , declares Dr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No directives from Central is scarcely a cause for regret , but there happen to be eight other guys biting their fingernails to the quick just waiting for an invitation to board you , you beautiful thing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was watching for numbers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kiwanis , American Legion and other groups donate small sums and the mothers do what they can to bring in dollars for its support . (Filtered Words: 0)
His hat ( the cause of his baldness ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the continuing threat of inflation , together with the persisting tendency toward fiscal irresponsibility ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His unsuccessful strivings to give up drink are represented as religious strivings ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is like a mysterious epidemic which , starting first with [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , spreads inexorably with a dreadfully growing virulence through the whole town until all have been infected by it . (Filtered Words: 2)
This means the aircraft companies are going to tear into the government market , looking for anything they can get and making the competition tough . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had a funny little scar on her stomach , on the left side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jump off is tomorrow night when the Packs meet St. Louis in their season home opener . (Filtered Words: 0)
7-6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The heat drove the guerrillas back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many others are attracting the traffic needed to push revenues up to the break-even point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Costs of canning meat are in the range of 0.8 to 5 cents per pound ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He knocked down the interference and made key stops lots of times . (Filtered Words: 0)
Austin , Texas (Filtered Words: 0)
Cholesterol , the cornerstone of Dr. [FILTERED]'s theory , is a mysterious yellowish , waxy substance , chemically a crystalline alcohol . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] said frantically . (Filtered Words: 1)
Development requires a long-term approach (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , they'd heard the rumble of thunder and then , just outside Rockfork , they ran into rain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remarks of Hon. [FILTERED] of Illinois (Filtered Words: 1)
Los Angeles in 1957 finally bowed to the skyscraper . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was [FILTERED] , however , who produced the very first movie whose name has lived on through the half century of film history that has since ensued . (Filtered Words: 1)
The business education program operates with the cooperation of local high schools and business firms . (Filtered Words: 0)
how can he be financed so that he can find the work he ought to do ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That's short for Quintus . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four little Japanese waitresses were murdering the English language at the counter -- Yuki Kobayashi happened to be one of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hazel eyes met [FILTERED]'s . (Filtered Words: 1)
The dance was of Haitian origin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing less would serve . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is convenient to classify a child's onset ages and completion ages as `` advanced '' , `` moderate '' ( modal ) , or `` delayed '' according to whether the child's age equivalent `` dots '' appeared to the left of , upon , or to the right of the appropriate short transverse line . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel stayed on after the doctor had gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was generous with her encores and the audience was equally so with its cheers and applause and flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter are either too stupid to catch the killer or too corrupt to care . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got one of the menus and brushed the spilled sugar onto it and carried it to a box on the floor behind the counter . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the machinery went a complete design for the hull . (Filtered Words: 0)
You are conscientious , hard working , honest , accurate , a good penman , and a stickler for a job well done , with no loose ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
They made [FILTERED] double over . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Don't remember , do you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore the government wanted no part of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where're you takin' me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You can have your choice of a seven-shot repeater , the 340TR ( about $40 ) or a single-shot , the 320TR ( $10 less ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in this approach it is the artist's ultimate insight , rather than his immediate impressions , that gives form to the work . (Filtered Words: 0)
A `` wet herd '' was a herd of cattle made up entirely of cows , while `` wet stuff '' referred to cows givin' milk . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'd have made a great scientist dedicated to tracking down heredity and environment . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was more to service in the Navy Nurse Corps than the hours in the ward . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some doctors had informed him he was mistaken about this . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shall we allow her not to have a bath ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
With each vertex we associate certain numerical values , namely the set of positive differences in the parameter T between the vertex and its corresponding forward corner points . (Filtered Words: 0)
I murmured something about a possible difference between New Mexico's history and Mississippi's . (Filtered Words: 0)
The final choice of material depends upon such factors as costs , method of fabrication , degree of complexity , number of units required , time available for tooling , and projected life expectancy of the unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Admirably written , it is a perfect introduction to Swedish history for readers of other countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
The three would never meet again , but for some reason or other Mr. [FILTERED] was sure he would always remember the incident . (Filtered Words: 1)
Intensification of present activities through ( A ) quicker , more extensive , and more thorough surveys to detect incipient outbreaks ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And possessed himself -- how ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It becomes most evident in his description of Christ as the second Adam , who does indeed come to destroy sin , but whose work culminates in the achievement of immortality . (Filtered Words: 0)
This second chain bridge was 570 feet long , had two thirty-foot towers and a draw , and a double roadway . (Filtered Words: 0)
another said it should be rubbed with a cut potato three times daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
He promised nearly 200 Democratic county committee members at the meeting in the Puddingstone Inn : `` When I come back here after the November election you'll think , ' You're my man -- you're the kind of governor we're glad we elected ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least , I want to find out whether she's home yet or not '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Getting drunk every night was the only way I could handle the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
I thought , you little brute , you nasty , selfish , little beast , with brutality already developed within that brain and in those eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
for example , marriage as a sacrament , much law-breaking as sinful , occasionally the state as a divine instrument . (Filtered Words: 0)
The use of 100 instead of 140 substance paper plus the adoption of side stapling beginning with the May 1960 issue reduced costs sufficiently to allow completion of the fiscal year with nearly $4,000 in unexpended funds . (Filtered Words: 0)
The removal of Miss Packard 18 years earlier had caused them great sorrow , but they still had Miss [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
This was a very warm , sympathetic girl , he decided . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , when I drove down to church , didn't it speak to me , seeing the lights still on and the day crisp and clear ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Never happier in my life . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are going to be rushed and murdered '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can't you stop that stupid clowning for even a minute '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably less than one percent of our previsions escape final obliteration before we wake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
It was my desire to advise the membership of the Legion that the majority of polling places are on private property and , without an amendment to the law , we could not enforce this . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked her if she would , and she said she would not . (Filtered Words: 0)
By seeing such varied places , both interesting and beautiful , you will become aware of the many different civilizations Rome has lived through , and in particular , get a feel of Renaissance Rome . (Filtered Words: 0)
College teachers in Texas are not required to have the Education courses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her uniform was of rich , raw silk , in a shade which matched her hair , skin , housepaint , and cats , and since she was so thin as to be almost shapeless , she rather resembled a frozen fish stick . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We know [FILTERED] spent some -- and Carmer must have dropped a few dollars getting that load on '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mantle has kept the vow . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he would have enjoyed it just as much if he had been a Nazi . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor does [FILTERED] reject this identity . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It's ' See [FILTERED] , see [FILTERED] ' '' , he says . (Filtered Words: 2)
If he is the child of nothingness , if he is the predestined victim of an age of atomic wars , then he will consult only his own organic needs and go beyond good and evil . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could have been an accident '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
So we asked such men in major companies in the design field to offer their opinions on the `` dual-road-up '' problem -- and more importantly -- their solutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seems like she's willing , but the male just flops around all day like the bashful boy who took [FILTERED] behind the barn and then didn't know what to do , and the people at the zoo haven't got any vulture chicks to show for their trouble . (Filtered Words: 1)
But what is the operational worth of a sociology which mimetically reproduces the idea of physical models ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Gets car number (Filtered Words: 0)
Thinking like that can get you into a padded pad . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ruffians must have robbed and beaten him before bringing him back to our house to die . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shall we teach him some '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the rhyming catechism this doctrine is worded thus : `` In Adam's fall We sin-ned all '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He says : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
A member of the IRSAC staff ( [FILTERED] ) was recently delegated to cooperate with AIMO in the development of demographic statistics in this territory . (Filtered Words: 1)
) 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
or requiring a transferor to carry over its method of depreciation ( section 381(c)(6) ) , but not allowing rapid amortization of emergency facilities transferred in a reorganization ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
While neighbor women assumed some of the dead mother's duties , fund-raising events were being planned by a homeowners association and a student council for the hard-hit [FILTERED] family , 34220 Viceroy . (Filtered Words: 1)
The `` positive state '' came into existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
I gaped at her . (Filtered Words: 0)
When there was bridge at Edythe's house , the cards shuffled like wet graham crackers and the food probably was wet graham crackers . (Filtered Words: 0)
This can usually be found out at the nearest town hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
361 U. S. 899 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` When you stand up in public and take vows to strive to set an example before your children and to teach them the fundamentals of the Christian faith , you strive a little harder to uphold those vows '' , explains the slender vice president of the young couples Sunday school class . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , that's the job of the architect -- to give the world a little joy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She snapped . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tale , he thought , would become less gay . (Filtered Words: 0)
I tried . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sonatas , `` La Francaise '' , `` La Sultane '' , `` L'Astree '' and `` L'Imperiale '' , are often more elaborately worked out and , in fact , show a strong Italian influence . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not , whatever tale was told by tails . (Filtered Words: 0)
A philosophy which attempts to supply ultimate answers in an ultimate way reveals its acquiescence in the shortcomings of men , an impatience with partial , tentative solutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The decline of the Cunard line from its position of dominance in Atlantic travel is a significant development in the history of transportation . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was the end of his front-page feature story , with byline . (Filtered Words: 0)
My lawyer told me that his mother used a similar remedy for cuts and wounds ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd come East for the christening , by God he would . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had made an assault once with 180 men . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this is not the spirit of self-reliant freedom of action for which the [FILTERED] mistakes it . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' Boundary maintenance for this group would seem to be primarily social , as is the preference for endogamy . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) accepts instead a special biblical hermeneutics or method of interpretation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The heat intensified on Tuesday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Transpiration cooled anode with carbon anode holder (Filtered Words: 0)
And to an industry that prides itself on authenticity , he urged greater realism . (Filtered Words: 0)
The study of Greek was the distinctive mark of boys destined to go to college , and [FILTERED] too expected to go to college and take the full classical course offered to men . (Filtered Words: 1)
The toilet hadn't had a sincere scrubbing in years and there were things written on the walls of the little boxed-in place because you couldn't keep the public out -- entirely . (Filtered Words: 0)
a woman who was willing to give him love , faith , and anything else a woman could give a husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will turn out all right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For once radicalism was a recommendation . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a need for an expanded Federal effort to provide research and information to help guide state education departments and local school boards in existing programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry , Mrs. [FILTERED] '' , [FILTERED] said in a tone so low you could hardly hear it . (Filtered Words: 2)
Stammering or repetition of I , you , he , she , et cetera may signal ambiguity or uncertainty . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is done at varying speeds , ranging from the slow and fast [FILTERED] ( a musical term meaning double strings ) to the fastest , ecstatic Karshilama ( meaning greetings or welcome ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is borne out also by the absence of any developed theory about how sin passes from one generation to the next . (Filtered Words: 0)
The local `` family of God '' has failed its new members through neglect and unconcern for their spiritual welfare . (Filtered Words: 0)
We couldn't be seen together , for the tongue of Scandal was ever ready to link our names , and the tongue of Scandal finds but one thing to say of the association of a man with a girl , no matter how innocent . (Filtered Words: 0)
When combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least embodied in a material substratum , it becomes clear that while earth will be dross on a scale of material-formal ratios , celestial bodies will be of a subtle , quickened , ethereal existence , in whose embodiment pure form will be the dominant component and matter will be absent or remain subsidiary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Laboratory measurements of interstellar radio spectra . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inheritance in mice . (Filtered Words: 0)
unwarranted they were in any case for , as he stood facing the fille de chambre , his ears were assailed by new sounds from the interior of the shower room . (Filtered Words: 0)
The day Alfred left his home and Fleischmanns he gave up the convictions of a lifetime . (Filtered Words: 0)
When we opened the door again for business and switched on the lights she said : (Filtered Words: 0)
Anything else '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He mentions the beats only once '' , when he refers to their having revived through mere power and abandonment and the unwillingness to , commit death in life some idea of a decent equivalent between verbal expression and actual experience , , but the entire narrative , is written in the tiresome vocabulary `` of '' that lost `` and '' dying cause , `` and in the '' `` sprung syntax that is supposed to supplant , our mother , tongue . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can't go in . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked , in a way that seemed oddly sophisticated , considerate , and yet perhaps partly scornful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some companies find a little imagination helpful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Idols' idols : (Filtered Words: 0)
They had lost twice with the radical [FILTERED] , and were having no part of Hearst , whom they considered more radical than [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
But [FILTERED]'s explanation was simple : `` I made out the check and carried it around a few days unsigned -- in case I lost it '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] was killed on Aug. 31 , 1958 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Iodinated casein . (Filtered Words: 0)
The minister was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
That these magazines also deluded the Krims of the world is unfortunate but inevitable . (Filtered Words: 0)
It didn't seem to tell her anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the life they lead is undisciplined and for the most part unproductive , even though they make a fetish of devoting themselves to some creative pursuit -- writing , painting , music . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its folklore and legend , usually disguised as history , are allowed to account for group actions , to provide a focal point for group loyalty , and to become a cohesive force for national identification . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every movement she made seemed unnecessarily noisy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It-wit is a misnomer because it covers slips as well as wit . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could hardly believe he was getting in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mickie laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
No less than twenty-two nations have already achieved independence since World War 2 , , and the number is growing by the year . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will help to determine the attitude of the new members toward the Church . (Filtered Words: 0)
Old and new briefly crossed paths in the U.S. Senate , then went their respective ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was concluded that it would be appropriate to process the two groups of responses as a single sample of all small businesses engaged in , or wishing to sell to , defense programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
A boy soprano named [FILTERED] sang a Durante solo motet and a few other passages enchantingly . (Filtered Words: 1)
These were located at the homes of Government employees , in Government Offices , buildings and reservations within the trial area . (Filtered Words: 0)
This illusion was described in a far-sighted editorial in The New York Herald Tribune , on March 5 , 1947 , in connection with the submission of the satellite peace treaties to the Senate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Electrical literature contained numerous references to lightning that had magnetized iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would no longer have to see that fat face , hear that whining voice (Filtered Words: 0)
No doubt the underlying idea was to show that for all the elegance and artistry that have distinguished its presentations thus far , it too could give a circus if it pleased . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many people use wicker cradles for old red wine , lifting the bottle carefully from the bin into the cradle and eventually to the table , without disturbing the sediment . (Filtered Words: 0)
This angle of just where the Orioles can look for improvement this year is an interesting one . (Filtered Words: 0)
only one builder in a thousand is equipped to receive unit loads . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or the mode of love to this fragment by a recent poet : `` Know ye , fair folk who dwell on earth Or shall hereafter come to birth , That here , with dust upon his eyes , Iraj , the sweet-tongued singer , lies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The blast damaged , but did not destroy the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finish your plumbing before you frame it in ( most economical framing is a thin non-bearing partition on either side of the pipes ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The separate layers are joined together by hydrogen bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man seemed to sink a little as Ramey brought the tire iron down on his shoulder and it seemed that the blonde head was turning as he hit the man again , with his fist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two features are immediately evident . (Filtered Words: 0)
We spoke of the need for advertising , and I agreed that the deep dive would be most useful for publicity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did I start the damn war ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These are not governmentally subsidized organizations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our necks are stiff from gazing at the wonders of outer space , which have captured the imagination of the American public . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are struggling to meet the demand for camping space , but families are being turned away , especially on holiday weekends . (Filtered Words: 0)
New England . (Filtered Words: 0)
I figger it's probl'y a sixty-five-mile walk , and I c'n maybe get this spring patched up in a couple of hours '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A kind of panic paralyzes their features , as though they found themselves trapped on the edge of a steep place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus F satisfies Af if and only if F has the form Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where will you break ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
a tension similar to the one now . (Filtered Words: 0)
) if we are born of god we practice righteousness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Complementing the political principle of nationalism is the legal principle of sovereignty . (Filtered Words: 0)
For they considered the odd numbers as male and the even ones as female , equating the two groups with the [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] principles in Nature ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] , the ball-hawking defensive expert , was cited for his performance against Bradley in St. Louis U.'s nationally televised victory . (Filtered Words: 1)
Place the hands in front of the chest . (Filtered Words: 0)
The description of the car was immediately broadcast throughout Southern Maryland on police radio . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think we'd better let it lay until we get a clearer picture of the ecological setup around here . (Filtered Words: 0)
In these shelters the entrance should be not more than 2 feet wide . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the diagnosing , he left the course , convinced that it could do him no good . (Filtered Words: 0)
How about a rock collection , or a collection of leaves from different trees or shrubs and in different colors ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No antigen was detectable in certain dark spherical areas in most cells . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I like the tradition '' , a girl said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , they have done so in rather special circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hanoverian agents assisted in promoting circulation , said to have reached 40,000 , and if one may judge by the reaction of Swift and other government writers , the work must have had considerable impact . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of special interest this anniversary year of the war between the states are the many Civil War battlefields where , likely as not , you'll catch some memorial re-enactments . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not about me ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Though not actually crewel embroidery , it has that look with its over-stitched raised pattern in blue , pink , bronze and gold and a sauterne background . (Filtered Words: 0)
From proud pool-owners to perpetual hosts and handymen was a short step -- no more than the change from city clothes to trunks . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the month of November hardly a day passed when there was not some mention of [FILTERED] in the Rhode Island newspapers . (Filtered Words: 1)
To say this , of course , is to take up a position on one side of a controversy going on now for some two hundred years , or , at any rate , since the beginning of the distinctively modern period in theological thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
To greet them with repulsion would turn what before was neutral into something bad ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
now , therefore , do I , [FILTERED] , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and [FILTERED] , proclaim Thursday , November 23rd , 1961 , as Thanksgiving Day , (Filtered Words: 2)
Traffic on nearly all the turnpikes has been growing . (Filtered Words: 0)
and in these days this inevitably means a concentration on the effects of the Cuban revolution . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hammarskjold's supposed desire to seek outside legal advice in the guise of [FILTERED] is illusion , at best . (Filtered Words: 1)
Anyone's identification with an international struggle , whether warlike or peaceful , requires absurd oversimplification and intense emotional involvement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sampling program was instituted before the principles of probability sampling were widely recognized in population studies . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no reason why most theatergoers should not have a pretty good time at `` Donnybrook '' , unless they are permanently in the mood of Enright when he sings about how easily he could hate the lovable Irish . (Filtered Words: 0)
The continuing modernization of these forces is a costly but necessary process . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the saddlebags , hung on a [FILTERED] chair , [FILTERED] took out a good English razor , a present from [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
Be excited and don't identify yourself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even when public bodies arrived at a consensus , at least one dissenting vote has been usual . (Filtered Words: 0)
They have widely varying backgrounds and aims . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shivered , and then tore away the blood-soaked parts and wound the rest around his neck like a scarf . (Filtered Words: 0)
The New York Shakespeare Festival , which is using the Wollman Memorial Skating Rink while its theatre near the Belvedere is being completed , began bravely . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most desirable solutions is achieved by the use of a non-linear amplifier for Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guerrillas were swarming from their bivouac at the west end of the enclosure . (Filtered Words: 0)
All these he hung in his burglarproof home called Stone's Throw , outside Pittsburgh , and only people he liked and trusted ever got to see them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also sued them for taking toll of grain at their market . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That isn't like you , Janice '' , [FILTERED] said uncomfortably . (Filtered Words: 1)
A good word for it is fellowship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not everyone is bewitched by Byron's caliphs and harem beauties '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gun has a 12-1/2-inch stock and is available in either 20 or gauge . (Filtered Words: 0)
South Viet Nam's rice surplus for next year -- more than 300,000 tons -- may have been destroyed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's one of our town's worthiest charities . (Filtered Words: 0)
The usually skiddy greens were moist and soft , so the golfers were able to strike their approach shots boldly at the flag-stick and putt firmly toward the hole without too much worry about the consequences . (Filtered Words: 0)
This fiery swath was actually only a belt of minor planets , almost like the asteroid belt in the original Solar System . (Filtered Words: 0)
The intensive treatment program is working well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of all the rip-roaring two-fisted tough boys of the Old West , `` Uncle Billy Tilghman '' stands out head and shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the result of an exhaustive review of the recommendations contained in this report , plus an analysis of our own enabling act , the Planning Division developed a number of basic planning objectives which caused a reorientation of its work program . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this sequence I shall write about them in the order of their erection . (Filtered Words: 0)
E . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pure fire ( the stars ) is in the heavens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oersted's boyhood represented a minimal chance of either attaining greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third Act of Faust 2 , is a formal celebration of the union between the Germanic and the classic , between the spirit of Euripides and that of romantic drama . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Member of the United Nations which is in arrears in the payment of its financial contributions to the Organization shall have no vote in the General Assembly if the amount of its arrears equals or exceeds the amount of the contributions due from it for the preceding two full years '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not much breakfast this morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a merry if somewhat soggy Christmas for me that year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Less bull the more you can do with em . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a more natural position '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A poet , yet ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was so ashamed that she hung her head when she said , `` Yes , sir '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was Out because it was pretentious . (Filtered Words: 1)
ground meats are usually prepared from scrap meats at the local level , whereas irradiation at economic volumes of production would require central processing and distribution facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Less than 60-1 , but at least 6-1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll have to call in the brain trust . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet Alfredo wanted money wanted money to roam through the deserts . (Filtered Words: 0)
they were struck out with remarks in red ink , denouncing both the cooks and the management . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fat man said , `` All we gotta do is go around the corner '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a match is found , an entry is made in the table of dictionary usage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether historically a fact or not , the legend has a certain symbolic value . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this way , the private detective gets the best of two possible worlds . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got no relief from drink because , though sometimes Precious would buy himself a drink if he went out with us in the evening , he'd leave it on the table untouched . (Filtered Words: 0)
It can mean the difference between participation and inaction , spiritual growth and decay . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was surely a reunion in art , it was all that poetry promised . (Filtered Words: 0)
Historians have come to recognize two cardinal facts concerning nationalism and international influence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Keep the legs straight and the toes pointed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew she was not sulking , not even angry at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' The other important difference between the two Constitutions was that the President of the Confederacy held office for six ( instead of four ) years , and was limited to one term . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You mean once Myra gets to Paris '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No one came '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In narrative , time is essential , as it is in film . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet was the captured , arms pinioned to his side , and he twisted convulsively trying to escape . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somersaults (Filtered Words: 0)
To want to change is the third step . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then , some churchmen remarked , there is a more classical church-state problem : (Filtered Words: 0)
Experience of this time diffusion ranges from a sense of utter apathy to a feeling of desperate urgency to act immediately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody can tell more closely how many villages there are . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then one day , early in January , 1960 , I sat down at my desk , and suddenly I was aware of the crucifix . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar's rags I strove to see The inner man . (Filtered Words: 0)
and thus he would have been carried over into the life eternal . (Filtered Words: 0)
During these early years the repair of watches and clocks and the building of special clocks for church steeples formed an important part of the young man's occupation . (Filtered Words: 0)
if such person is deceased or is under a legal disability , payment shall be made to his legal representative : Provided , That if the total award is not over $500 and there is no qualified executor or administrator , payment may be made to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto , without the necessity of compliance with the requirements of law with respect to the administration of estates ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Increases rate of gain and improves feed efficiency , aids in the prevention or treatment ( depending on level fed ) of the early stages of shipping fever , prevents or treats bacterial diarrhea , and aids in reducing incidence of bloat and liver abscesses . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no water for an enemy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The table shows that 0.6 of the boys and 0.6 of the girls vote for picture A . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was stopping . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Hoijer's Athabascan and my Yokuts share 71 identical meanings ( with allowance for several near-synonyms like stomach-belly , big-large , long-far , many-much , die-dead , say-speak ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] manufacturing operations are in Lubbock . (Filtered Words: 1)
Called out a dozen young voices . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked out over the expanse of the compound . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not a question of truth or falsity ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The queen afterward keeps incubating and guarding her eggs like a mother hen , taking a sip from time to time from the rather liquid honey in her honey pots . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Manchester Guardian wondered how anyone in a railway carriage would have an opportunity to talk to Mr. [FILTERED] , since it was well known that Mr. [FILTERED] always did all of the talking . (Filtered Words: 2)
A function G such that Af , i.e. , Af , must be a polynomial function of degree Af or less : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
She quickly exploited the exalted position she now occupied , by harassing the disorganized males and even putting many of them to death . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Florican-My Precious ) 2:37 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] makes this quite clear by the extent to which choral scenes propel the action . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I don't think I can . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the prowl car from the sheriff's office . (Filtered Words: 0)
The singer simply matches the poem to a mode ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Although we enjoyed our rounds of the government offices in [FILTERED] , with officials offering tea and pleasing conversation in French , we were getting nowhere . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was intimidated by the stove . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ultraviolet microscopy (Filtered Words: 0)
The work of Lay Visitation Evangelism is not completed when all of the persons on the Responsibility List have been interviewed . (Filtered Words: 0)
it must be flexible enough to allow for technological breakthroughs , scientific progress , and changes in world conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
but they all hastened to add that certainly less time was needed on it than presently spent . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one and the same time , she was within it but still searching for the drawbridge that would give her entry . (Filtered Words: 0)
That development , in turn , formed the foundation of still more significant expansions in later years -- in gear cutting , in circular graduating , in index drilling , and in many other fields where accuracy was a paramount requirement . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You catchee boy-furiendo ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I couldn't write with them in the same room with me , but I could with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
perhaps he was a little more sympathetic to the sides of beef that hung silently from his hooks . (Filtered Words: 0)
The congressman who , in Paris , may have stuffed his wallet with enough franc notes to paper the roof of Notre-Dame will systematically scream that a $200 increase in entertainment allowance for a second secretary is tantamount to debauchery of the Treasury . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stories Everyone really knows what is happening there '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1810 it was torn down and replaced by a chain suspension bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
The direction of the tension of minimum pressure is , of course , given by the direction of the major axis of the ellipsoids . (Filtered Words: 0)
Urethane foams (Filtered Words: 0)
Tack-solder all the 1/2'' '' sq. pieces to the 10'' '' and 12'' '' members . (Filtered Words: 0)
In short , he is constantly concerned with the ethical effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all the above procedures , when the intermediate sera were diluted to 1 : 10 or 1 : 100 with 0.85% saline , the specific and nonspecific fluorescence were not appreciably reduced , whereas , a dilution of the intermediate sera to 1 : 500 or diluting the Af to 1 : 5 greatly reduced specific fluorescence . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was the smell of the coast , like a primeval memory , composed of equal parts salt water , clams , seaweed and northern air . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that time [FILTERED] had a young law associate named [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The beautifully-tapered head , so delicate and so cool , had been flattened as if in a vise , and the forked tongue splayed out of the twisted , torn mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Resolved that his wrongs and bereavements in Kansas , occasioned by the violence and brutality of those who were intent on the propagation of slavery in that territory , call for a charitable judgment upon his recent efforts in Virginia to undermine the despotism from which he had suffered , and commend his family to the special sympathy and aid of all who pity suffering and reverence justice . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] The invitation was accepted and other letters followed , in which she spoke of her concern for his health and her delight in seeing him so much at home among the crippled children she served . (Filtered Words: 1)
How is the beat poet to achieve unity of form when he is at the same time engaged in a systematic derangement of senses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poetry , he said , must be `` dogmatic '' : it must not stoop to argue like a `` K.C. in cloth-of-gold '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She could not count the times [FILTERED] had rapped on the door , just a couple of bangs that shook the whole damned closet and might , someday , break away the pipe connections from the wall . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` The gods seemed to think sex pretty important '' , she rebutted . (Filtered Words: 0)
He senses his mother's disapproval . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is noteworthy that the majority of the delegates to the Congress were from the less developed , former colonial nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You don't have to watch what you say . (Filtered Words: 0)
They lay on his lap , palms up , stiffly motionless , the tapered fingers a little thick at the joints . (Filtered Words: 0)
red-and-yellow columbines whose round-tipped spurs were picked off and eaten for the honey in them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I ought to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Federal responsibility for education of the citizens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could you possibly have lunch with him today ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the babies died in the initial transferral but of Helva's `` class '' , seventeen thrived in the metal shells . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great detective modestly agrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
the poet of the Iliad deliberately archaized . (Filtered Words: 0)
On her way to the airport , on her way to Paris -- you bet , [FILTERED] said to herself . (Filtered Words: 1)
For some retired persons , part-time farming is a good way to supplement retirement income . (Filtered Words: 0)
Develop wildlife openings , food patches , and game ways in dense vegetation by clearing or controlled burning on 400,000 acres . (Filtered Words: 0)
The resulting setup , it was declared , `` would be similar to that which is in successful operation in a number of metropolitan counties as large or larger than Rhode Island '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But you haven't changed much , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Richards' view of the aesthetic experience might constitute a sixth variety : for him it constitutes , in part , the organization of impulses . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Smithfield tax assessor , in turn , claims the tax under the provision of law `` and all other tangible personal property situated or being in any town , in or upon any place of storage shall be taxed to such person in the town where said property is situated '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There one finds concentrated in a comparatively small area the chief universities , colleges , and preparatory schools of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Voltaire perseveres . (Filtered Words: 0)
ground meats are usually prepared from scrap meats at the local level , whereas irradiation at economic volumes of production would require central processing and distribution facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her voice was flat and dull . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the mornings , I was informed , fluorescent tubes , similar to the one above the counter , illuminated the entire hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
2-3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , just as all the buildings have not fallen and flowed back to their original mud , so the values which wanted them and saw that they were built have not all disappeared . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Part collie , part wire-haired terrier '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The popularity of local color literature before the Spanish-American War , the steady currency of the Lincoln myth , the increased emphasis on the frontier West in our mass media are cases in point . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purpose of washing is , obviously , to remove soils which are arbitrarily classed in the four major categories given below : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sandman announced the appointment of Mrs. [FILTERED] [FILTERED] of 330 Woodland Ave. , Westfield , as state chairman of the Republican Women for Jones Committee . (Filtered Words: 2)
The opening session of the 5-day session will begin at 10 a.m. today . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the Federal Court held that since the State had accepted the provisions of the Wagner-Peyser Act into its own Code , and presumably therefore also the regulations , it was now a State matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
No meteorites have ever been recovered from paleoexplosion craters , and recent craters containing impact glass have all been produced by metallic meteorites with the exception of Aouelloul crater , Adrar , Western Sahara Desert . (Filtered Words: 0)
I did get you on the platform this morning '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I thought I knew more than my education had taught me , '' notes the narrator , `` because I had encountered the militant mobs of a political or religious faith '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her arm bled slightly , and the offended skin cried out in pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is redneck country . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] vocal description of a battle ( the French equivalents of tarantara , rum-tum-tum , and boom-boom-boom are very picturesque ) is lots of fun , and the singers get a sense of grace and shape into other chansons by Jannequin and Lassus . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the over-all process , it is difficult to assign a `` pure '' role to each constituent of a built-detergent formulation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He set down that `` I gave Mr. [FILTERED] a pynte of muskadell and a roll of bread that last morning I went to have his company to Master Attorney '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
and though he had found the strength to run with us , now he collapsed and lay on the ground , dying , the Reverend holding his head and wiping his hot brow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exposure (Filtered Words: 0)
But , at the start , his new life felt invigorating . (Filtered Words: 0)
2.6 and 2.7 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A boy soprano named [FILTERED] sang a Durante solo motet and a few other passages enchantingly . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a narrow road , barely wide enough for two cars to pass . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] had thanked him gravely , and now he made use of the advice . (Filtered Words: 1)
Years later , franks-in-buns were accepted as the `` first to go '' at the New York Polo Grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
The glass is out of it , but that won't matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Locust gum is added to pulp slurries to break up the lumps of fibers in making paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the Union conceded this to them , the same right must be conceded to each remaining state whenever it saw fit to secede : This would destroy the federal balance between it and the states , and in the end sacrifice to the sovereignty of the states all the liberty the citizens had gained by their Union . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Cut off every building at the seventh floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The impression has nevertheless been given during these three days , despite Mr. [FILTERED]'s personal popularity , that the United States delegation came to Oslo in a somewhat tentative and exploratory frame of mind , more ready to listen and learn than to enunciate firm policy on a global scale with detailed application to individual danger spots . (Filtered Words: 1)
I felt it would be inopportune to disclose my presence . (Filtered Words: 0)
What if the marines never came ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Gradually he withdrew from the shop altogether , and for the past thirty years , he has worked independently as a painter , except for his continued hunting and fishing expeditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Plato's Republic communism is -- to speak anachronistically -- a communism of Janissaries . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Please '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
In sum , I look for another good year for the electronics industry in 1961 , with total sales increasing about 7% to $10.8 billion , despite the uncertainties in the business outlook generally . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be a bad place to die . (Filtered Words: 0)
By fall , 443 survivors of this arduous journey were clustered about Fort Snelling , but most of them were sent on to Galena and St. Louis , with a few going as far as Vevay , Indiana , a notable Swiss center in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next time it was two legs growing from his chest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he fled , not waiting to see if she minded him or took notice of his cry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Printed material (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , we shall consider in this paper the theoretical gain and resolution capabilities of such tubes . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the death of his father in 1888 he had come into possession of the family estate and had re-assumed its traditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Welmers has suggested one explanation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence its image , C' , meets any line of Af in Af points . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I like to follow the holidays when they come along . (Filtered Words: 0)
One other cause of jealousy between them I must tell you . (Filtered Words: 0)
By airline from Concord to Burlington is a distance of about 150 miles , counting a slight deviation for the stop at either [FILTERED] or Montpelier . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1707 an earthquake in Japan generated waves so huge that they piled into the Inland Sea ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The extrapolation may be in error for several reasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
First priority will be given to the preparation of a meaningful state guide plan to serve as a background for all other planning activities in the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kept telling himself this as he went out to the kitchen to make a drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
They lived mainly in the kitchen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A binomial experiment can produce random variables other than the number of successes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the accused raised many other objections , he did not object on this crucial point at any stage of the proceedings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless I was curious . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who won is not revealed , but [FILTERED]'s daughter [FILTERED] says they got up to 1,212 words . (Filtered Words: 2)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Two brothers adopted (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , batting for Adair , fanned after fouling off two 2-and-2 pitches , and [FILTERED] , up for Stepanovich , bounced out sharply to [FILTERED] at second to end the 2-hour-and-27-minute contest . (Filtered Words: 3)
The grave , about half-way between his home and the blue turrets of a small church , rose above the forms and spaces of gently undisciplined pastures of green , the sounds of birds , the silence of other graves and the casual paths through small forests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can't you get another pair '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For use in formulas , fractions should be converted to their decimal equivalents . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought she had great possibilities in the ballet and wanted to show the eminent producer how well she could dance . (Filtered Words: 0)
My God , how long is he going to wait , I thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this reason , the more uncertain skywave service was denominated `` secondary '' in our rules , as compared to the steadier , more reliable groundwave `` primary service '' , and , for both skywave service and skywave interference , signal strength is expressed in terms of percentage of time a particular signal-intensity level is exceeded -- 50 percent of the time for skywave service , 10 percent of the time for skywave interference . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
Law was seen as an emanation of the `` sovereign will '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Humiliation made Matsuo tremble . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't know what goes on around here , and I don't care . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Always '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even as I said it I realized that an education can be invaluable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The heat pump . (Filtered Words: 0)
There may be possible economies at any one of a number of links in your marketing and distribution chain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Considering what is being done compared to what needs to be done , it behooves the hospital management to do some mighty careful planning toward making the best possible use of the increase granted . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew this knowledge to be corrupting at the time I acquired it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was cold all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
I guess you know about that . (Filtered Words: 0)
The insurance man informed them that he had talked to Crumley who was all right and that he would watch the men's personal effects until they towed the rig back to town . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was their conviction that the people should be `` brought up together '' , a grade at a time , until in some indefinite future some might be ready to tackle history , economics and political science . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Chickasaws were the principal source of trouble in the Mobile district . (Filtered Words: 0)
The slow tapping of a cane on the stone steps coming up to the tower interrupted his reverie . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in ways more fundamental than specific political opinions they are still what they always were : passionate , sure without a shadow of doubt of whatever it is that they are sure of , capable of seeing black and white only and , therefore , committed to the logical extreme of whatever it is they are temporarily committed to . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ground his teeth together . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hudson knew he had to use these men as long as he remained an explorer . (Filtered Words: 0)
About one-third as long , it is less intimate and detailed , but better coordinated , more concise and more dramatic . (Filtered Words: 0)
the important point , however , is that these magnificent achievements , unlike those of later decades , were only incidentally influenced by Oriental models . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were three years of this strange warfare ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A couple of hundred . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least this seemed to be the working hypothesis for `` Chicago And All That Jazz '' , presented on NBC-TV Nov. 26 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who is going to stop me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Without monitoring , a military hookup becomes a noisy party . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are other symptoms . (Filtered Words: 0)
With Rex Stout's Nero Wolfe , alienation is represented on a purely physical plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cars are traded mostly on a three-year basis in the interest of economy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pimen is an old man , weak in body -- his voice rarely rises to a full forte -- but firm and clear of mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , feeble -- peaked . (Filtered Words: 1)
The real question that follows is -- how are those four years used and what is their value as training ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We came on as soon as we could '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You intend to speak with Mr. [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Don't you play hard today then . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first time he was harnessed he stood like a gentle old mare ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , the crowning event that has dramatically upset the traditional pattern of English religious history was the friendly visit paid by Dr. [FILTERED] , then Anglican Archbishop of Canterbury , to the Vatican last December . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yes , he didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
He laughed , suddenly , feeling a surge of power telling him of his hold over them , seeing himself before them , receiving utmost respect and attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
The various stress-temperature coefficients for constancy of volume and strain , constancy of pressure and strain , and constancy of pressure and length have been interrelated . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told some 350 persons that the United States' challenge was to help countries build their own societies their own ways , following their own paths . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place the locking bar in proper position and insert tappet 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A political scientist writes of the growth of `` alienated voters '' , who `` believe that voting is useless because politicians or those who influence politicians are corrupt , selfish and beyond popular control . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like his friend and contemporary August [FILTERED] he had little patience with collective mediocrity . (Filtered Words: 1)
This year , Americans will discover previously unheard of refinements in trailers that will be exhibited in about one hundred of our nation's national , regional and local boat shows . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brief snips of actual events were shown : parades , dances , street scenes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some tore entirely through the whipsawed post oak . (Filtered Words: 0)
there had been the dancing class -- Miss [FILTERED] , thin and tireless , with her supervising wand and her everlasting one-two-three , one-two-three . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- Three positions on the Oak Lodge Water district board of directors have attracted 11 candidates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet , in summarizing a series of careful essays on the Yalta Conference , [FILTERED] could find no basis for Yalta becoming `` a symbol for betrayal and a shibboleth for the opponents of Roosevelt and international cooperation '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , in the immemorial way -- in the way of the right hand that knows and the left that does not -- was the stage set for tragedy at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The skin on his neck was tight . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe we all want no child denied admission to a school on account of his color . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ' when ' you know ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Stanley had gone out , saying he would be back in an hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we remove ourselves for a moment from our time and our infatuation with mental disease , isn't there something absurd about a hero in a novel who is defeated by his infantile neurosis ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
My God , how much more do you want '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The anti-Semitism of Hitler owed something to his exposure to the ideology of Lueger's politically successful Christian socialist movement in Vienna . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Doctors now say that it was not the meat but the coolness of the applications which relieved the pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
A table or set of tables may be set out as in Table 2.1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet when the dear baby came , he had Tillie over here in a jiffy , and was as attentive and sweet and worried and happy when it was all over as any husband could have been . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly , both types of antibodies were found in three regions of the chromatographic eluate , having extremely low , low , and high anionic binding capacity , respectively ( Fig. 3 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had laid steaming towels over the kid's chest and stomach . (Filtered Words: 1)
He saw them , specks against the gray , but closing fast . (Filtered Words: 0)
If either one ever started making promises , there is no telling where the promises would end . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the airfield , on which the aircraft is completely dependent , is doomed by the missile . (Filtered Words: 0)
His new book , entitled `` Slums And Suburbs '' , calls for fast and drastic action to avert disaster . (Filtered Words: 0)
When she came back Eugenia was sitting at the kitchen table with a pencil and envelope jotting down words and figures . (Filtered Words: 0)
The functions F and B have exactly the same multiplicity at every argument T . (Filtered Words: 0)
But after the censure he and his propaganda started mouthing Communist slogans . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result was that the rate of venereal disease in the American Army was the lowest in our military history . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1951 the pool's operation was transferred to the newly-created Department of Administration , an agency established as the central staff and auxiliary department of the state government . (Filtered Words: 0)
A trim green and silver-painted craft only 22-1/2 feet long , the [FILTERED] was entered to compete in the `` On-to-Spokane '' Air Derby of 1927 . (Filtered Words: 1)
By 3:00 A.M. they reached his house and found it vacant . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Animals . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the silver foil from the chocolate bar he had been eating . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wondered if he had played it wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the afternoon Nadine and Wally came over with Francie . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poor Cousin Elec , she thought , tears rising to sting in the sun , but why couldn't he have arranged to live through the summer ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
his foster parents had taught him to see . (Filtered Words: 0)
and he wrote also the masterpiece of frontier humor , `` The Big Bear Of Arkansas '' , in which earthy realism is placed alongside the exaggeration of the backwoods tall-tale and the awe with which man contemplates the grandeur and the mysteries of nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once she has made up her mind , the queen starts out by constructing , in her chosen abode , a small `` floor '' of dried grass or some woolly material . (Filtered Words: 0)
But isn't this nice '' (Filtered Words: 0)
) Here I think the role of the philosopher becomes apparent . (Filtered Words: 0)
All Captain [FILTERED] took back to Salem were a few items for the town's East India Museum . (Filtered Words: 1)
The role of both church and university as sources of information and settings within which the implications of such information may be explored needs consideration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Denver , Colo. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Personal identification cards are issued to all adult males on which tax payments , inoculations , periods of employment , and changes of residence are recorded . (Filtered Words: 0)
the third applies only to index words . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proclamation Thanksgiving Day by [FILTERED] , Jr. , Governor (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Well -- what about the money '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One historical authority presents laborious and circuitous testimony tending to arouse suspicion that Massachusetts was behind the clouds settling down on the embattled [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sometimes a burst of aggressiveness will sweep over a man -- or his wife -- because he or she feels age creeping up . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other areas , Congressional action last week included : (Filtered Words: 0)
Pauling's estimate of 200 megatons yield from the present series of Russian tests will probably turn out to be too high , but a total of 100 megatons is a distinct possibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That is exactly what I'm hoping for . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They'll trample it down . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rather than sit around waiting for the suitcases to be delivered , they had gone sight-seeing . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if you are able & care to come , you know how glad I shall be . (Filtered Words: 0)
The relative geographical isolation of the [FILTERED] population makes for a limited choice in mating . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pretend ham (Filtered Words: 0)
What is simply an opinion formed in defiance of the laws of human probability , whether or not it is later confirmed , has become by September of the election year `` a firm conviction '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She dressed and the accustomed routine restored to her a sense of normal everyday life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Preliminary calibrations of the resistors have been made from 4.21 to 2.16 Af at every 0.1 Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
and [FILTERED] , who had gone down this line ten minutes before to set a new depth record for the free dive , was already back on the surface . (Filtered Words: 1)
This kind of place (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where's the Lieut '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He must rearrange matters so that two performers do not bump into each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
How grateful he was to such men ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Is the Oedipus complex , the clinical syndrome , material for a tragedy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Tilghman flung himself aside , dropped on one knee and pulled his own gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took one step eastward . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Soon as we send them on their way and make camp , let's you and me go for a walk down by the Snake -- all by ourselves '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) The full forms can be derived from such information just prior to the lookup of the form in the text-form list . (Filtered Words: 0)
When surplus land is not expensive to buy or to keep up , it is usually better to buy it than to buy so small an acreage that the development of adjoining properties might impair the residential value of the farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
They interviewed the conductor of the streetcar [FILTERED] said he had taken , but the man did not remember [FILTERED] as a passenger . (Filtered Words: 2)
He caused a lot of talk when he also chose the breakfast hour to have the barber come in and trim his hair while he ate . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was something about his face that disturbed me and it took several seconds to realize what . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , having this desire , I am very interested in education . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm just finishing breakfast . (Filtered Words: 0)
And all because of Domokous ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Others because they expected some sort of reward for the information . (Filtered Words: 0)
Police laboratory technicians said the explosive device , containing either TNT or nitroglycerine , was apparently placed under the left front wheel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Compression ratio (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , no . (Filtered Words: 0)
These forty-seven special purpose governments have the authority to levy taxes , to borrow money , own property , sue and be sued , and in general to exercise normal corporate powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
His reply , he said , was that he agreed to the need for unity in the country now . (Filtered Words: 0)
The need is for reference works of a more specialized nature than individual libraries , adequate to satisfy everyday needs , could afford . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , under the impact of his wife's disclosures , he was brought suddenly to the realization that there was a limit to tolerance , however brilliant , however far-famed the offender might be . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Thursday evening we may go out of town together by some stage or mail about the distance of ten or twelve miles . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they brought back few pelts to pay their debts , and soon French trade in the region was at an end . (Filtered Words: 0)
The highroad , one might say at first , belongs to life , while the way to the churchyard belongs to death . (Filtered Words: 0)
He will need the help of all OAS members to eradicate , finally , the forces of authoritarianism , pro-Trujillo and [FILTERED] alike . (Filtered Words: 1)
All of the releases , however , are recorded at a gratifyingly high level , with resultant masking of any surface noise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Marsden was manager of the company for ten years and manager of its successor company , the Colonial Light and Power Company , for one year . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The developmental process involves the individual's progressively experiencing a sense of dignity and achievement resulting from having completed tasks , having kept commitments , and having created something ( however small or simple -- even a doll dress of one's own design rather than in the design `` it ought to be '' ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bills were principally for hospitalization and doctors' fees during the last years of his life , and when he died he owed in the main only current doctor's bills . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] shrugged . (Filtered Words: 1)
But it isn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I hate to call the doctor but if this keeps up I'll just have to ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
By September 1940 the Suite had developed into a collection of six songs , `` four spirituals , a dream , and a lullaby '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A training program in a depressed area may have few enrollees unless there is some apparent prospect for better employment opportunities afterwards , and the prospect may be poor if the training is aimed solely at jobs in the local community . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fell into the habit of putting his clothes in drawers and closets , so his life might impinge as little as possible on hers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cereal grains furnish about one-fourth of the total food calories in the American diet and about one-third of the total nutrients consumed by all livestock and poultry . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] obviously has concluded that it is the lyric element which must dominate in this score , and he manages at times to create the effect of the whole orchestra bursting into song . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is accentuated by the need for pre-selling goods , and private label competition . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be recalled that in his summation for the A.L.A.M. before Judge [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] had condemned patent litigation as the curse of the American industrial community . (Filtered Words: 2)
yet he did not stop being human as a result . (Filtered Words: 0)
In California is located one of the most popular of the national parks -- Yosemite . (Filtered Words: 0)
In her first song she waved away one encroaching photographer who dared approach the throne unbidden and thereafter the boys with the cameras had to unsheathe their 300 mm. lenses and shoot at extreme range . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dead center at three hundred yards , that coroner said '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It has become almost trite to say that the ecumenical movement must be `` carried down to the grass roots '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tower cleared the plane for take-off at 8 a.m. , and Captain Rickards began taxiing toward the runway . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is perhaps difficult to conceive , but imagine that tonight on London bridge the [FILTERED] boys of the East End will gather to sing [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and perhaps some lyrics of their own . (Filtered Words: 4)
It was decided to strip the whole area down to the bricks , and to replace the rough coats up to one inch thickness to agree with the older artists' preparation , with a mortar , one part slaked lime , three parts sand , to be put on in two layers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anti-A and anti-B activities were determined in fractions from the sera of group A , group B or group O donors by the following tube agglutination methods . (Filtered Words: 0)
pitchers of water merely appear on the tables . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hez asked , who still believed they'd have them to lick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hansen , who slugged the 1960 Oriole high of 22 homers and drove in 86 runs on a (Filtered Words: 0)
The public . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rector had never been able to find out much about [FILTERED]'s past . (Filtered Words: 1)
and ( 6 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
There are also more basic problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wheel ( cage ) is 20 to 24 inches inside diameter and 20 to 24 inches inside length . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he felt the side of his head , his fingers came away covered with blood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quint glared . (Filtered Words: 0)
The distances may be marked with indelible ink and a fine-point pen , by sewing fine threads into the fabric , or by a specially designed stamping machine . (Filtered Words: 0)
The transition from segregation to finances might already be in progress , in the form of an administration proposal to hike the state sales tax from 2 per cent to 3 per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oils , or liquid fats , from the seeds of flax and tung have long been the principal constituents of paints and varnishes for protecting and beautifying the surfaces of wood and metal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost three decades ago [FILTERED] undertook a study of short-contact interviewing because of her conviction that short-term casework had an important but neglected place in our network of social services . (Filtered Words: 1)
That's why I beg you not to forget him . (Filtered Words: 0)
all dusty and sunbaked . (Filtered Words: 0)
But actually these accounts reveal the supernatural powers that the masters were in fact supposed to possess , as well as the extreme degree of popular credulity : `` Hwang Pah ( O Baku ) , one day going up Mount Tien Tai which was believed to have been inhabited by Arhats with supernatural powers , met with a monk whose eyes emitted strange light . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mate , [FILTERED] , who had kept the journal on the Half Moon , was experienced -- but he was a bitter old man , ready to complain or desert at any opportunity . (Filtered Words: 1)
But then one day , while on a week's visit to the country home of a retired Swiss jeweler , [FILTERED] amused the company with a few little melodies he had written , to which he attached no great importance . (Filtered Words: 1)
Finally , after years , I gave up . (Filtered Words: 0)
He slipped outside , hugging the walls of buildings and dodging into doorways . (Filtered Words: 0)
This man's isolation is not merely momentary , it is permanent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The season will open at the new Hall of Flowers in Golden Gate Park on November 20 at 8:30 p.m. with a concert by the Mills Chamber Players . (Filtered Words: 0)
It should be easier to plug two spots than it was to fill the wholesale lots that were open last year , but so far it hasn't worked that way . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Those lovely whorls '' , he chortled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our last joint venture , Sainted Lady , a deeply religious film based on the life of [FILTERED] , and timed so that its release date would coincide with the beatification of America's first saint in November , 1938 , was a fiasco from start to finish . (Filtered Words: 1)
A vote for educational TV (Filtered Words: 0)
There was still a little , not much , left in the first bottle and we passed it around once and killed it , and [FILTERED] opened his . (Filtered Words: 1)
The room looked normal and even commonplace . (Filtered Words: 0)
The demand for teaching sets continues unabated since they provide the means for the military physicians to review the pathology of selected disease processes or organ systems for review of basic sciences and correlation of clinical physiological behavior with structural changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having hit one of the trees , the ball came to rest not more than 160 yards out . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's what was on my mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , we have quite a few years of voice training , madam '' , remarked [FILTERED] calmly . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Hold his head up . (Filtered Words: 0)
For added strength , I also fastened a small block on each side of every frame and batten joint . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proof (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked mighty interested , though . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , to translate from the Communese , this means : (Filtered Words: 0)
That is the kind of people they are . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should she wake him ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That's not precisely the way [FILTERED] urges them to look at it , though . (Filtered Words: 1)
Delphine was a pace-setter in high society . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] kept his smile fixed , but some small inner disturbance was working on him as he thought again about [FILTERED] , who was eight or ten years older than the girl . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
She opened it an inch and poked out the keys for me to give you . (Filtered Words: 0)
A helpful leaflet may be enclosed in the letter . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Natural causes '' (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] brothers were also along . (Filtered Words: 1)
A difference of opinion arose between Mr. [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , town solicitor , over the exact manner in which the vote is handled . (Filtered Words: 2)
Net result is some crazy-wonderful nonsense , part of which can be classed as pure slapstick . (Filtered Words: 0)
The backbend is of extreme importance to any form of free gymnastics , and , as with all acrobatics , the sooner begun the better the results . (Filtered Words: 0)
Col. [FILTERED] , of Chester Springs , who headed the Troop Committee for much of its second and third decades , is now an honorary member . (Filtered Words: 1)
Maybe he felt the same way . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , he won't '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The beehive voices , for no one could bear silence , drowned out the sound of Mrs. [FILTERED]'s weeping . (Filtered Words: 1)
From reconstruction to moon rockets . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the statement of the local board attributing this claim to petitioner was in his file . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gravel was the bed of an ancient river , buckled in some prehistoric upheaval of earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
New galaxies are forever being formed to fill in the gaps left by the receding galaxies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Styka studied his captain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The farmer must get up early , and , at times , work late at night . (Filtered Words: 0)
The digger , thrusting about with his shovel , now raised into view a package crudely wrapped in one of the murderer's Hollywood sport shirts . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] smiled at [FILTERED] pleasantly and said , `` There was a cab waiting for me here . (Filtered Words: 2)
If the volume is the molal volume , then Af is obtained on a molal basis which is the customary terminology of the chemists . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bed isn't made , but you'll find plenty of blankets there '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Myra wouldn't budge without an express invitation . (Filtered Words: 0)
it meant instead hardship , dirt , and death . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not the authority of God Himself which makes them true . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the fault , of course , was [FILTERED]'s . (Filtered Words: 1)
Standing there she saw Shades of Night come through the trees and stop beside the lodge , silent , almost imperious , her body taut , simply standing without speaking or moving while the wife of Walitzee waited , perhaps denying the dread that moved in her . (Filtered Words: 0)
if so , he would not be the first or last commanding officer who has succumbed to bad information and dubious estimates of the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
In its propagandistic and commercial haste to discover our folk heritage , the public has remained ignorant of definitions such as this . (Filtered Words: 0)
For both [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] artistic mimesis , in contrast to the power of dialectic , is relatively incapable of expressing the character of fundamental reality . (Filtered Words: 2)
Engaging in such a conspiracy was an act of mercy by the giants . (Filtered Words: 0)
You told me to bring my camera . (Filtered Words: 0)
His duties as Massachusetts Secretary of State obliged him to wait until the adjournment of the legislature in mid-April . (Filtered Words: 0)
Subject to certain constitutional restraints in favor of fair trials , each level of government is free to devise its own judicial procedures . (Filtered Words: 0)
In general , a high anode voltage reduces chromatic aberrations and thus increases the obtainable resolution . (Filtered Words: 0)
as the influence of learning and environment are felt , emotional behavior becomes individualized . (Filtered Words: 0)
With detectors sensitive to three mass intervals and based on a few counts , the second and third Russian space probes indicate that the flux of the smallest particles detected is less than that of larger ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I want the fish served whole , with head and tail '' , the epicure explained , `` and serve it with lemon in mouth '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The current exhibition , which remains on view through Oct. 29 , has tapped 14 major collections and many private sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no chance . (Filtered Words: 0)
He explained that by law the council must establish procedures for a vote on the issue within 60 days after the board of canvassers completes its work . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That will have to be in the hotel '' , the doctor retorted , confirming Alex's anticipations . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was probably man's first successful flight in a missile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also make sure you have reasonable requirements as to hours worked before a production employee is entitled to a vacation . (Filtered Words: 0)
the long runs on the kick-offs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He made his fortune during World War 2 , when he took over a number of dying steel plants and kept them alive until the boom . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were clumsy , but they were beginning to catch on . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a pity because she had planned to lay a wreath at the foot of the [FILTERED] statue , towering over Rome in spectacular benediction from the highpoint of the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
When the light went their way , they went on across the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
Georgia Republicans are getting strong encouragement to enter a candidate in the 1962 governor's race , a top official said Wednesday . (Filtered Words: 0)
no sort of pricing at all for any goods or services , and therefore no market in the economic sense of the term . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somehow more terrible than the certainty that he was about to die was the knowledge that Lord would probably not suffer for it : the murder would go unpunished . (Filtered Words: 0)
Former Vice-President [FILTERED] in Detroit called for a firmer and tougher policy toward the Soviet Union . (Filtered Words: 1)
Would Papa really die ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Everybody knew that [FILTERED] had married Edythe on the rebound . (Filtered Words: 1)
But he is in the middle , an employe of DeKalb , but on the side of the people . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gas flamed up two inches high . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command . (Filtered Words: 0)
and [FILTERED] presumably is on the way with a further contribution in this area . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We aim t' be see-lective , y'know ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Light it '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Before the resin has hardened , screw a one-inch mahogany keel strip along the centerline . (Filtered Words: 0)
During this period , 7,827 teaching sets were distributed on loan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lewis gave him a guidebook tour of London and , motoring and walking , took him to Stratford , but the London stay was for only ten days , and on the twentieth they took the train for Southampton , where they spent the night for an early morning Channel crossing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Engaged as it is in a battle for world trade as a condition of national survival , this country can have little patience with labor's family feuds . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But when I arrived and recognised a number of notorious characters I had thrown into the detective bureau basement half a dozen times , I knew I had been framed , and withdrew almost at once '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His heart seemed to swell and knock against the wall of his chest . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I -- I don't think so , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the observations at 4.3 mm ( Coates , 1959 ) , the diameter of the antenna beam , 6'.7 , was small enough to allow resolution of some of the larger features of the lunar surface , and contour diagrams have been made of the lunar brightness distribution at three lunar phases . (Filtered Words: 0)
More , the U.S. action was hailed by a principal opposition leader , Dr. [FILTERED] , as having saved `` many lives and many troubles in the near future '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Spectators in white crush textures dip toe and heel in smooth black , navy and taffy tan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , it gives sanctity , more than human legitimacy , and even , through super-empirical reference , transcendent and supernatural importance to some values ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` President [FILTERED]'s enlargement of the American military program was welcomed on Wall Street as a stimulus to the American munitions industry . (Filtered Words: 1)
The new version states : `` How blest are those who know that they are poor ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The kid showed for an instant , and his arm was cocked back . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was telephoning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Models will be Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] A [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 11)
as he crossed through the courtyard he regretted it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ran to the side of the car where Alfred was sitting and looked at him , begging him to speak . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the early days of a homogeneous population , the public school was quite satisfactory . (Filtered Words: 0)
a `` splash party '' at the new pool , which I had built in the hope of keeping [FILTERED] away from public beaches , when [FILTERED] and a certain Aquacutie stayed underwater together for the better part of an hour ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
President [FILTERED] once proposed to corral an `` aristocracy of brains '' in Hanover . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Small violently jerked the weather-royal brace with full intention to carry away the mast . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are situated in the midst of trees , which hang over them , and appear truly romantick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fifteen hundred names were selected in this fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other exceptions are assignments for the benefit of creditors , corporate dissolutions , transfers by descent , or transfers by subrogation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inter-american Press (Filtered Words: 0)
What would the first projects be ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Various of the apartments are of the terrace type , being on the ground floor so that entrance is direct . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rourke hastily slopped whiskey into his glass on top of half-melted ice-cubes . (Filtered Words: 0)
A close friend of hers in the Roman days described it this way : (Filtered Words: 0)
She named 48 items , and said there were `` many more things which it would take too long to write '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hydroxides , orthophosphates , borates , carbonates , and silicates are important inorganic ingredients of hard-surface cleaners . (Filtered Words: 0)
I shall argue that we do mean to do just that . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were two front rooms , both dark behind their transoms , and there was no sound or light in the entire house to indicate that any of the occupants were awake . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must rearrange matters so that two performers do not bump into each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] waited with slack arms . (Filtered Words: 1)
He himself seems to be tough , tireless , able and intelligent , more intellectual and self-critical than most soldiers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moore said , `` Come on , [FILTERED] , I have to get to my men '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Although open to the general public it is not overcrowded ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There's some kind of a nemesis haunting his footsteps '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] must have wheedled a little out of Precious . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` A night policeman just like in the States . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another obstacle was the grammatical construction of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The quarrel ended in a ridiculous draw , but I must tell you about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
During these years the youthful conductor had contributed greatly to the high level of musical life in Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the electronics industry , this tendency is well illustrated by inventories of TV sets . (Filtered Words: 0)
These areas comprise about half of the total area of rodent infestation on the National Forests . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have some security information about the prime minister '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A note making the request was handed to U.S. Ambassador [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I think it must be said that , contrary to metaphysical insistence , these are questions so framed as to defy either empirical exploration or rational solutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus events occurred , and victims changed in appearance , and new ones arrived . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasional features were published on historical medicine , special reports , bibliography , and `` Collector's Items '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By scrutinizing the flowers , one can also notice that the scale bears one or two tiny warts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Plus Two remain at a fixed position with drums and guitar but the quartet covers the stage with a batch of instruments ranging from tuba to tambourine , and the beat is solid . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the last of the three tests of manhood which the women impose , to discover if a male is worthy of survival there . (Filtered Words: 0)
And patterns of stress are not always unambiguous by any means . (Filtered Words: 0)
and administrative practices which will make possible the more effective review and implementation of programs once established . (Filtered Words: 0)
but , conversely , one cannot begin to understand [FILTERED] without knowing something about the world view of the Old Chinese , which they felt they saw expressed in it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Construction bonds (Filtered Words: 0)
he had to find out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once again , there was a negative shake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Start with the right-hand piece `` B '' , Af , soldering it to the lower piece `` A '' of the same material but 12'' '' long . (Filtered Words: 0)
Barco , his state of apprehension gone , never to return , had assumed a matter-of-factness which remained his principal attitude from that time on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Background spectra were obtained in all cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bronchus and pulmonary artery in this lung type maintain a close relationship throughout . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is chairman of publicity for the country fair and Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] , of posters . (Filtered Words: 3)
More school , less pay (Filtered Words: 0)
Their arms around each other , they had been talking of the present and the future ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In a few months the Duke was to be the center of a controversy of some significance on the touchy question of the Protestant Succession . (Filtered Words: 0)
In submarine defense these must have maximum stress . (Filtered Words: 0)
She told police about the prospective tenant she had heard quarreling with her father some weeks before the murders , but she said she thought he was from out of town because she heard him mention something about talking to his partner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cloud made an interesting statement in parting from his client : `` I wanted to be a lawyer , and Mrs. [FILTERED] wanted me to be an avenging angel . (Filtered Words: 1)
The owner of a public relations firm owed no income tax on payments he received from a client company and `` kicked back '' to the company's advertising manager , the Tax Court ruled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The leveling process can be accomplished manually , and the results are as satisfactory as those obtained with automatic equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually this is a thin band of wire attached to the molars and stretching across the teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , I don't wish to appear happy at somebody else's misfortune '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And the swimming team . (Filtered Words: 0)
Production must be adjusted accordingly , at minimum cost and quickly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Index words and electronic switches may be reserved in the following ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mimesis is the nearest possible thing to the actual re-living of experience , in which the imagining person recovers through images something of the force and depth characteristic of experience itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five milliamperes/cell were applied for 18 hr , after which the strips were stained with bromphenol blue and densitometry was carried out using a Spinco Analytrol . (Filtered Words: 0)
I bought a new little foreign bomb . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fighting marshal had walked right into a trap and at any moment six slugs might slam into his hide . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was equally clear that as of this moment , the treaty was off . (Filtered Words: 0)
He receives remuneration for his work . (Filtered Words: 0)
The merit of the pie , [FILTERED] believed , was due more to its making than to the waning heat of the oven . (Filtered Words: 1)
Salaries compare favorably with those paid to the first two or three levels of management . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the matter , she wanna go the bathroom '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had presented his pouch and been led to the bombproof . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even use your portable electric or gas grill in the winter , inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had that tall dark boy , carrying trays too heavy for him , found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more than he could bear ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The worker who lives on a farm cannot change jobs readily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such mannerisms would be less worthy of remark , were it not that in Great Expectations , as in no other of [FILTERED]' novels , hands serve as a leitmotif of plot and theme -- a kind of unifying symbol or natural metaphor for the book's complex of human interrelationships and the values and attitudes that motivate them . (Filtered Words: 1)
You'll have the neighbor's eyes popping as well as their mouths watering ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But no one was overly optimistic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wait a minute . (Filtered Words: 0)
The COAHR letter comes on the eve of a large gathering of theater managers and owners scheduled to begin here Sunday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Curt snuffed out the match . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can you think of anything to do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
After a reception at The Mayfair , the newlyweds left for a wedding trip to New Orleans , La. . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jazz buff could hardly ask for more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thomas tried hard to have his cavalry ready for the test it was to meet , but his plans were wrecked when it was forced into a campaign without optimum mobility and with its commander stripped from it . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the electronics industry , this tendency is well illustrated by inventories of TV sets . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was something troubling him though : as yet they hadn't Five days . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` At least there is room here '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The characteristic polynomial for A is Af and this is plainly also the minimal polynomial for A ( or for T ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 1 ) Most of the realtors minimized their own understanding of and role in the racial issue , pleading that they only reflect the attitudes and intentions of their society . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , plus the habit of many schools of simply adding interior design to the many subjects of their home economics department , yet , nevertheless , claiming that they teach interior design , has contributed to the low repute of many university courses in interior design . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You do the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , again and again , the space merchants confirm the prediction of the humanists that the conditioners and behavioral scientists , once they have seen through human nature , will have nothing except their impulses and desires to guide them . (Filtered Words: 0)
This statement also allows the naming of the index words used by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` That it had found a planet on which human beings could live and which was already inhabited by sentient beings '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Proclamation Thanksgiving Day by [FILTERED] , Jr. , Governor (Filtered Words: 1)
Los Angeles , Calif. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It'll take a lot to replace it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The apostle Paul said the same thing in the language and faith of the New Testament : `` He that spared not His own Son , but delivered Him up for us all , how shall He not with Him freely give us all things ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and yet remain unmoved '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
only to the other fellow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Big Magnum calibers appeared in the [FILTERED] line for 1961 , with the addition of the and to the list of Model 725's . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' ) (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the worst thing I could have said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Set your bathtub before you close in the end of the bathroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the event the rupees set aside for loans under Section 104 ( E ) of the Act are not advanced within six years from the date of this Agreement because the Export-Import Bank of Washington has not approved loans or because proposed loans have not been mutually agreeable to the Export-Import Bank of Washington and the Department of Economic Affairs of the Government of India , the Government of the United States of America may use the rupees for any purpose authorized by Section 104 of the Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then she heard Julia phone me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kiss me again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or `` How do we enrich our already fine marriage '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` For what '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
now he felt light and gay and clear-headed , ready for the many actions he saw spreading out before him . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] wouldn't know ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
So , walking in awe , he became familiar with God , who resided chiefly in Drew Centennial Church with its high steeple and clock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the circulating thyroid hormones are the amino acids thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine ( cf. Section C ) , it is clear that some mechanism must exist in the thyroid gland for their release from proteins before secretion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The store was their marriage , and when Alfred had to leave it there was nothing to hold them together . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sensation he so overwhelmingly realized was one which told him he had been there before but he knew he had not , and could not recall any place he had visited to be likened to the limpid green water or the little fountain-falls or the green demon imprisoned beyond his reach . (Filtered Words: 0)
Operating in 1887 was the `` Valley Telegraph Line '' , officers of which were [FILTERED] , president ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Jess asked worriedly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Russians , Filipinos . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] told the bartender , `` Bourbon and water '' , and Rourke told him , `` It's those two , all right . (Filtered Words: 1)
It reached the mines at North San Juan and Bloomfield . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] nodded . (Filtered Words: 1)
To keep themselves entrenched in power , the priests were forced to demonstrate their unique status through the miracle . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stage is constantly full of them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
we are concerned with Utopian communism -- that is , simply communism as it appears in the imaginary commonwealth of Utopia , as More conceived it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Village office of Western Union with [FILTERED] as manager and telegrapher continued in Hard's drugstore until 1905 . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is one thing I know ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Abandoning caution , [FILTERED] leaped out of bed and groped for the light switch . (Filtered Words: 1)
To many experts , this trend was inevitable . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
These are substantially the same factors considered by Non-Catholics in family planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a number of years , there have been sporadic attempts in California to organize farm workers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Best of all , central air conditioning is something you can afford . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spoke sullenly . (Filtered Words: 0)
But court adjourned after he testified he introduced [FILTERED] and Jeremiah Hope Pullings , two of the defendants , and also introduced Pullings to Jessy Maroy , a man mentioned in the indictment but not indicted . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is mother of five children and wife of a machinist . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thyroid function tests yielded normal results . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parents are asked in the bulletin to send packages of treats consisting of fruit and nuts , but no candy . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Riverside's redheaded playing manager , ran after the ball but it rolled past him . (Filtered Words: 1)
There would be time enough , perhaps the Old Man reassured himself , to pay the devil his due . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] selected a black taffeta frock made with a skirt of fringed tiers and worn with crimson silk slippers . (Filtered Words: 1)
The activities of fractions of sera containing Rh antibodies were tested by the saline , albumin and indirect Coombs techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
We finished the bottle -- I hadn't had a lot out of it earlier -- not speaking much to each other , and we stayed sober . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remembering the step-by-step fate of Danzig and the West German misgivings about `` salami '' tactics , it is to be hoped that the dispatch of General [FILTERED] to West Berlin as President [FILTERED]'s representative will mark a stiffening of response not only to future indignities and aggressions but also to some that have passed . (Filtered Words: 2)
She would have said triumph . (Filtered Words: 0)
A shadowy couple who call themselves [FILTERED] , bookseller , and wife , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The `` conventional '' image of a particular time and place is not necessarily congruent with the image of the facts as established over the years by scholarly and scientific research . (Filtered Words: 0)
Martin realized , later on , that he should have `` had it out '' with Dolores that night . (Filtered Words: 0)
How many women had longed for the privilege that was hers . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know it and I'll tell everybody exactly how it happened '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until the work actually appears I am not privileged to analyze it publicly in detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes she even wore the uniform in solid , unrelieved black , and with her blonde hair cut so closely , wearing this uniform , she strongly resembled a member of the SS. . (Filtered Words: 0)
This table originally indicates that index words 1 through 96 and electronic switches 1 through 30 are available for assignment to symbolic references ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The rice wasn't dosed with opium , indeed it had no taste at all , not a grain of salt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't insert your components into fixed openings , they may or may not fit ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He does what he can and may and must , without regarding himself as lord of the future or , on the other hand , as covered with guilt by accident or unforeseen consequences or by results he did not `` permit '' in the sense explained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Test it , try it , and if it works , accept it as a guiding principle . (Filtered Words: 0)
And now , in March , all Laos suffered a state of siege . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl looked around at the countryside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody liked to hire him because you never could tell when he was going to be taken drunk . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the realization has been growing that these are not the complete answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Studies of membership trends , even in some areas where population is expanding , show that numbers of churches have had little net increase , though many new members were received . (Filtered Words: 0)
Really , you are most indiscreet to drive him here yourself '' , he said , frowning with displeasure . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the past decade the program has been carried on through expansion of free higher education in state universities , state colleges , and community colleges . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next morning the Caravan was out of the treacherous Bay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her face seemed to float in an implausibly bright shaft of sunlight . (Filtered Words: 0)
What ultimately frustrated every challenger was [FILTERED]'s amazing September surge . (Filtered Words: 1)
Furniture upholstery , as just one example , can easily take millions of pounds ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , if you don't make the American a success , Hearst will have no further use for you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One must include the preparation of soft drinks and the processing of milk and milk products . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would challenge sharply not the cult of the motor car itself but some of its ancillary beliefs and practices -- for instance , the doctrine that the fulfillment of life consists in proceeding from hither to yon , not for any advantage to be gained by arrival but merely to avoid the cardinal sin of stasis , or , as it is generally termed , staying put . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had an uneasy feeling about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's out of a play . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , I doubt if the cops will even try dusting . (Filtered Words: 0)
To his surprise his plan worked perfectly . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
12 (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone else was running . (Filtered Words: 0)
then he would bark to let everyone know the coast was clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] listened with the practiced , deceptive calm of the lawyer , but his face was in the shadow . (Filtered Words: 1)
The site may be on one of the major flyways of migratory birds or have its own resident bird life . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's what was on my mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had used his rumpled shorts as the very image of his childishness , his lack of control , his general male looseness , while she remained cool , airy , and untouched , the charming teacher who disciplined an unruly body . (Filtered Words: 0)
They insist they are ashamed of such violence and intimidation as occurred in Alabama when the Freedom Riders sought to break down racial discrimination in local bus depots . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Belgians would not fight for the privilege of being the detested pedagogue ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mama said that if Presidents were supposed to be colorful , Mr. [FILTERED] certainly made a good president . (Filtered Words: 1)
The blaze was spreading to the frame buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Righteous in their denunciation of all that makes for death , the beat prophets bid all men become cool cats ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This crater contains impact glass with no metallic inclusions and no meteoritic material has been recovered . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fought the panic of vertigo . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hormone has also been called thyrotrophin or thyrotrophic hormone . (Filtered Words: 0)
This word was first applied to the imported hot-blooded cattle , but later was more commonly used as reference to a human tenderfoot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even so , the Draft Act encountered rough sledding in its progress through the Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
I came up maybe fifty feet before I knew what was happening '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no formal equivalence to the supervisory ranks ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Fence-line feeding . (Filtered Words: 0)
But DeKalb citizens , those who use the facilities of the cannery , say the cannery is not supposed to make any money . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you willing to run the gantlet ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She would one day be grateful to the patient drone of the sub-conscious-level instruction . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it leaves very soon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Juanita and Mrs. [FILTERED] kept [FILTERED] in bed a week until her milk dried . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` I rather like the music '' , Willis replied quietly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concessionaires also had to pay a tax of one-tenth on the goods they traded , and all pelts were to be taken to company stores and shipped to France in company ships . (Filtered Words: 0)
One way that this can be done , other than by hiring new high-priced professors , is by constantly encouraging the department members to raise their standards of performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Harlan-Marcia ) has gone in 2:37 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
In such diseases as cancer , tuberculosis , and heart disease , early diagnosis and treatment are so vital that the waste of time by the patient with Doctor [FILTERED]'s cure-all gadget can prove fatal . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was courteous and casual about it , as though it were of no consequence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Corollary . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he loves you because you're a beautiful woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Professor [FILTERED] disagrees with the expansion-contraction theory . (Filtered Words: 1)
Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
I merely draw an etymological distinction , hoping that specialists and busy people like you will welcome such precision in a layman . (Filtered Words: 0)
he is far from being a literary hero , yet is a creative artist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the non-church members -- the freewheelers , marginal religionists and so on -- have the values of Christian civilization internalized in them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sturley wrote to [FILTERED] that Sir [FILTERED] `` gave his allowance and liking thereof , and affied unto us his best endeavour , so that his rights be preserved '' , and that `` Sir [FILTERED] saith we shall not be at any fault for money for prosecuting the cause , for himself will procure it and lay it down for us for the time '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
All [FILTERED] could look forward to was a yellow pill at noon , a salami sandwich for lunch , and a lonely old age -- if he lived that long . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Does he ever bore you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The lighter weight also means less costly supports and mountings are needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only hope which the public has for getting good teachers is to pay teachers on the basis of merit rather than tenure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The young people were self-energizing , and I was energized . (Filtered Words: 0)
Following the glorious lead of the heroes of Pawtuxet , they also submitted themselves to the protection of Massachusetts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Roads and trails (Filtered Words: 0)
At its most ecstatic moments , husband and wife are elevated far above worldly cares . (Filtered Words: 0)
Economic analysis was never [FILTERED]'s strong point and the England of the industrial transformation cries out for economic analysis . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Something about the pollen '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clayton tried to call back the face of the man he had known . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a straight , solid , once-in-a-lifetime shot ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] caught the ball just as the catcher slid into the bag . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Never mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a fog , which increased the darkness of the night . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , kindled by his kiss , his caressing hand , her desire was aflame . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned and left the room , hearing Eddie say : `` Someday you'll see I was right '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
With those paintings of big constructions crashing down , he felt he could stop . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proprietorships can establish a unity and integrity of control ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Parker called for abolition of the indiscriminate or uncontrolled right of taking depositions before officers of the court who had no authority to limit testimony . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was dead tired and slept soundly , as far as I know dreamlessly . (Filtered Words: 0)
It stood some fifty paces from the edge of the bank . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the study of marriage patterns for this group , consanguinity produces the structural system -- a system of affinities -- which , in turn , maintains the system of consanguinity . (Filtered Words: 0)
A national consensus of near unanimity exists that these governmental efforts are desirable as well as necessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Their burgeoning popularity may be a result of the closing of the 52nd Street burlesque joints , but curiously enough their atmosphere is almost always familial -- neighborhood saloons with a bit of epidermis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The charge : violation of the California Medical Practices Act by practicing medicine without a license and selling misbranded drugs . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was bent over behind the wheel of the station wagon , feeling in his trouser cuffs for the ignition key which he had dropped a moment before , she came out of the house with an enormous Rumanian shawl over her head , which she had bought in that country during one of their trips abroad , and handed him a clean handkerchief through the window . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I done favors for you , big favor not so long back , didn't I , and I'm right here to take on where [FILTERED] left off . (Filtered Words: 1)
but never from Mr. [FILTERED] , who looked on reporters with suspicion and distrust . (Filtered Words: 1)
In such diseases as cancer , tuberculosis , and heart disease , early diagnosis and treatment are so vital that the waste of time by the patient with Doctor [FILTERED]'s cure-all gadget can prove fatal . (Filtered Words: 1)
No one would question such an errand . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Follow me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The equation relating input acceleration to output platform angle is Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The schools could use the money to pay 4-year scholarships , based on need , of up to $2,000 a year per student . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No telling how good this horse is '' , [FILTERED] panted . (Filtered Words: 1)
The same shelter could be built into an embankment or below ground level . (Filtered Words: 0)
The infant , in white terry-cloth bathrobe , her face intense and purposeful , had essayed a few wobbly steps toward her father . (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic pottery studio equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several years ago I was his pastor . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the ballroom below , the dark had given way to moonlight coming in through the bank of French windows . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clause reprobating the enslaving the inhabitants of Africa was struck out in complaisance to South Carolina and Georgia , who had never attempted to restrain the importation of slaves , and who on the contrary still wished to continue it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the first of 2,800,000 called to the Army through the selective service system . (Filtered Words: 0)
Northern liberals are the chief supporters of civil rights and of integration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brooklyn College is [FILTERED] territory , as much as the Bronx or Central Park West . (Filtered Words: 1)
to small business (Filtered Words: 0)
No request for emergency allotment had yet been received , however . (Filtered Words: 0)
Back and forth [FILTERED] had to go , between [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] and between the Duke D'Aumont and [FILTERED] again , as his little operetta , The Village Soothsayer , though still unperformed , took on ever more importance . (Filtered Words: 4)
This was long after [FILTERED] had left the house . (Filtered Words: 1)
A million dollars' of gold a month . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am certainly not adequately trained to describe or enlarge on human fears , but there are certain features of the fears dispelled by scientific explanations that stand out quite clearly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The existing Army posts were wholly inadequate . (Filtered Words: 0)
12% of them worried about their health , although their ailments were imaginary ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That finished me with Thelma . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not good looking , but self-confident and wise so that it made her attractive . (Filtered Words: 0)
One such is [FILTERED] , the writer of a recent book , Speaking Of Man . (Filtered Words: 1)
These two basic malformations have , of course , many variations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those of us present , the Perry brothers , Deslonde and the other midshipmen now have the responsibility of the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was a little more authentic than usual because he smelled slightly of the stables . (Filtered Words: 0)
if such person is deceased or is under a legal disability , payment shall be made to his legal representative : Provided , That if the total award is not over $500 and there is no qualified executor or administrator , payment may be made to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto , without the necessity of compliance with the requirements of law with respect to the administration of estates ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Off-flavor is a less severe problem with the radiopasteurization of meats , but problems of commercial acceptability remain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Garments . (Filtered Words: 0)
He heard the patient voice calling . (Filtered Words: 0)
To them bums ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I couldn't feel at home among them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ambassador [FILTERED] reported from Moscow that the Soviet leader's mood was cocky and aggressive . (Filtered Words: 1)
Electric power (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet it is plainly time to make a start , and to be effective the first move should be highly dramatic , without being fanatical . (Filtered Words: 0)
The credit provdied by the first two services in the system outlined above is primarily for general agricultural purposes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negroes , Puerto Ricans , and rural newcomers are slowly making their way into the cities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten years older than [FILTERED] , he had clawed his way up from mucker in the pits to manager of the operation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Bong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Even today range riders will come upon mummified bodies of men who attempted nothing more difficult than a twenty-mile hike and slowly lost direction , were tortured by the heat , driven mad by the constant and unfulfilled promise of the landscape , and who finally died . (Filtered Words: 0)
That had only been a ruse to lure him out on the deserted road . (Filtered Words: 0)
His superiors had also preached this , saying it was the way for eternal honor . (Filtered Words: 0)
It gave her a lewd , winking effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was framed in maroon drapes , and no faces were visible . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the years of publication , supplement and replacement sheets were issued periodically . (Filtered Words: 0)
A pitiful few of them are left now , to subsist mainly on the tourist trade and to sing their ancient tribal chants , which have the same haunting sadness as the laments of the American Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , I put my Bible to the practical test of noting what it says about itself , and then tested it to see how it worked . (Filtered Words: 0)
He never got that chance . (Filtered Words: 0)
As his disciples boast , even though his emphasis is elsewhere , [FILTERED] does show his awareness of the changing order of the South quite keenly , as can be proven by a quick recalling of his Sartoris and [FILTERED] families . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED]'s interests . (Filtered Words: 1)
Saturated fats can accommodate no more hydrogens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Giffen extracted one concession from [FILTERED] : the house servants could be free at any time Gorham thought expedient . (Filtered Words: 1)
Neither was his wife . (Filtered Words: 0)
His fellow-countryman , [FILTERED] , certainly did not . (Filtered Words: 1)
The only hope which the public has for getting good teachers is to pay teachers on the basis of merit rather than tenure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Titled `` What's New In Music '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not a constant value like Af , but varies with the thickness of the coating and the direction and magnitude of the resultants R and Af of Fig. 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She remarked that she found the night wind a little chilly , and Mr. [FILTERED] took her inside the fringe . (Filtered Words: 1)
of heavy arms expenditures and constant danger of another world war had to ensue before the United States could bring itself to accept the two chief results of World War 2 , -- Communist control of East Europe and China -- a new balance of power . (Filtered Words: 0)
Years ago this was true , but with the replacement of wires or runners by radio and radar ( and perhaps television ) , these restrictions have disappeared and now again too much is heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , vice-president and secretary ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The paintings , drawings , prints , and illustrations all reflect the manners , costumes , and mores of America in the first half of the present century . (Filtered Words: 0)
With these keen `` eyes '' and small nuclear weapons delivered with accuracy , military forces can be directly attacked with minimum damage to urban areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
I made inquiries , I read a book of etiquette . (Filtered Words: 0)
The possibilities are few , and the total number of rules may be considerably greater . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude had the cool ruthlessness to do whatever she made up her mind to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
It is eminently successful according to all conventional standards . (Filtered Words: 0)
Helva . (Filtered Words: 0)
but at the same time it should not draw false inferences therefrom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lumumba fired Kasavubu . (Filtered Words: 0)
He dozed , only to dream of [FILTERED] , and woke , only to crash into the night table , bruising his other shin . (Filtered Words: 1)
that is , from aspects of a universal system of Justice into particular rules governing the relations of sovereign states . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is endless . (Filtered Words: 0)
The declarative statement EQU permits the programmer to equate symbolic names to actual index words , electronic switches , arm and file numbers , tape channel and unit numbers , alteration switches , etc. , and to equate a symbol to another symbol or to an actual address . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experimental procedures (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , I can get them knocked off for half that much '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His eyes boggled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ruling from on high (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the Supreme Court's decision of that year this is more doubtful ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
writes : Does the cholesterol go down when most of the thyroid gland is removed ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It gave the rubberized fabric a dull gleam , like metal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The site may be on one of the major flyways of migratory birds or have its own resident bird life . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's his expert opinion that the plant isn't well suited to what you have in mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so the psalmist gives us one more picture of God : `` The Lord is the strength of my life '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it is to be noted also that confidence should grow from remembering that great men often appeared in the past to turn local catastrophe into future good for all mankind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now why did I do that ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The discarded papers inside were sodden , there was a glint of liquid at the bottom , and the smell of whisky was strong and distinct . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Anniston catcher was straddling home plate . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think the best bet is to go through the society columns of last year and see if any of the grooms match with the obituaries a little later . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Armed Forces Medical Publication Agency , established in 1949 , has published , since January 1950 , The United States Armed Forces Medical Journal as a triservice publication to furnish material of professional interest to Medical Department officers of the three military services . (Filtered Words: 0)
There also were reports of a collection at the County Line Elementary School , 3505o [FILTERED] , which has been attended this year by four of the [FILTERED] children including [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
The level of average cost ( equal to marginal cost ) is thus strictly a function of the wage rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somebody had scrawled American Express , Piazza di Spagna ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is tradition rather than the record which balks at the expunging of the Tammany name . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course she wasn't herself right now , but as her strength came back her spirits didn't seem to rise with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was full of heavy family reminiscence . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was dead before he hit the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
God knew his tears were his to shed if he so desired , for it had not been with an egotist's rage for fame that he had held precious his naval career . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two women babbled and crooned at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gunny invariably tried to bite her . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
All these records have close , attractive sound and the performances by a variety of instrumentalists is characteristic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some forms of capitalism do indeed work -- superb organizations , a credit to any society . (Filtered Words: 0)
The taxi driver taking the visitor from the airport remarks that politicians in the state are `` all the same '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He claimed in his attacks that [FILTERED] , with scurrilous underhandedness , had deliberately written an ambiguous bid that had so confused the honest members of the legislature that they had awarded him the contract without knowing what they were doing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mission Street at this hour was populated by a whole community that Gun could not have seen on his tour of duty -- the neighborhood that had known Urbano Quintana by day . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Third ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Any house built now below that line without air conditioning will be obsolete in 10 years . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the purposes of this discussion , the problem of relative prices is encompassed in these two variables , since GNP includes other prices . (Filtered Words: 0)
And private tragedy became the chosen ground not of drama , but of the new , unfolding art of the novel . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least [FILTERED] had told him he wasn't dying . (Filtered Words: 1)
the most common type of letter was that of soldier husbands to their wives . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bermuda was not in style that year . (Filtered Words: 0)
A final word (Filtered Words: 0)
When you stand before the barrel-vaulted colonnade you have the impression that the statue at the end is at a considerable distance , yet it is actually only a few feet away . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mining is secretary-treasurer of the local and [FILTERED] is a member of its executive committee . (Filtered Words: 1)
She wrote gay plays about the girls for family entertainments , like `` Oh , What Fun ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ) In the absence of direct evidence to the contrary , decomposition of solvent alcohol and coordination of its fragments to the metal were not considered , following the above heretofore-accepted assumption in preparative coordination chemistry . (Filtered Words: 3)
No sympathy or admiration for [FILTERED] could be found in the Providence Daily Post , for the editor claimed that there were a score of men in the state prison who were a thousand times more deserving of sympathy . (Filtered Words: 1)
But Mr. [FILTERED]' now , oh my yes , indeed , yes ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
In Senator [FILTERED]'s phrase , it was the most unheard-of thing ever heard of . (Filtered Words: 1)
Red and Handley , God help them , knew the old [FILTERED] lore ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He wiped the blood from his cheek . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prime minister moves fast (Filtered Words: 0)
The silver chloride was fused under vacuum in the presence of aluminum chips with the resultant product of Af which was sublimed into a flask on the vacuum line . (Filtered Words: 0)
Directionality is greatly exaggerated most of the time ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was foolish of him to keep them , whatever they were . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no justification for such misrepresentation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pipes burst and they all laughed and stood in ice water to their ankles while they swabbed the bathrooms . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is just being a normal writer . (Filtered Words: 0)
For specialized types of displays , such as large three-dimensional units reproducing a product , package , human or animal figures , etc. , reinforced plastics and rotationally molded vinyl plastisols are other materials frequently used . (Filtered Words: 0)
In order to destroy the enemy's mobile , moving , or imprecisely located strategic forces , we must have a hunter-killer capability in addition to our missiles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vince . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't live in a world of perpetual peril like ours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Draw a line across the country at the latitude of lower Pennsylvania . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their names are [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , their team is the Yankees , and their threat is real . (Filtered Words: 2)
The melting pot . (Filtered Words: 0)
But thus far there has been no response in kind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Social process is always anchored in past predisposition ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
place design-side up on plaster board . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make no mistake , this [FILTERED] drama is a respectable import -- aptly grave , carefully written , performed and directed . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Fools '' , he bayed , `` what do you think you are doing '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As evening approached and Palmer finished his Saturday round with a disappointing one-over-par 73 , this remarkable record was still intact , thanks to his Thursday and Friday rounds of 68 and 69 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The form itself is stored in the next available cells of the W-region , beginning in cell Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any reputable French interne can supply you with a dozen similar instances , and I'll presently recount a case out of my own personal experience , but , for the moment , let's resume our catalogue . (Filtered Words: 0)
His jowls were spiked by barbs of graying beard . (Filtered Words: 0)
The transducer itself moves the beam in a sector scan , just like a radar antenna , while the entire transducer structure is moved over a 90-degree arc in front of the eye to `` look into '' all corners . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remington Jet Magnum Center Fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's all over now , the driver thought as he saw the patrolman turn and walk rapidly down along the trailer toward them . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , one must expect that vaporization and ejection of material by hypervelocity impacts would cause a deviation from a linear relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
A related question is whether unemployed workers can be motivated to take the training provided . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remove jar from mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] found that the treatments given her for a nervous ailment by the masseur were not helping her . (Filtered Words: 1)
Its temperature was denoted by Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
A succession of highly publicized scandals has aroused the public within the last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
All artistic and mythological representations , therefore , are `` imitations of imitations '' and are completely superseded by the truth value of `` dialectic '' , the proper use of the inquiring intellect . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fire department here has been torn for months by dissension involving top personnel and the fight between the fire fighters association and the teamsters union . (Filtered Words: 0)
But that did not prevent him from writing more long letters , or from coming to spend his Christmas vacations with the hospitable , lively Szolds in their pleasant house on Lombard Street . (Filtered Words: 0)
Old Mr. [FILTERED]'s frantic response to life imprisonment with a useless , social-climbing wife is to `` put his two hands into his disturbed hair '' and `` make an extraordinary effort to lift himself up by it '' , whereas [FILTERED] endures the shrewish onslaughts of Mrs. [FILTERED] by apologetically drawing `` the back of his hand across and across his nose '' . (Filtered Words: 3)
In Rourke's car , [FILTERED] drove east to [FILTERED] and north toward Felice Perrin's address which had been given to him by the Peralta governess . (Filtered Words: 2)
The frequently postulated antique worry that the daylight hours might dwindle to complete darkness apparently gave rise to a ritual and celebration which we still recognize . (Filtered Words: 0)
Get thrown out ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Duren , Sheldon on hill (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , he was weary of plantation drudgery and monotony . (Filtered Words: 0)
George did wonderful complicated pen-and-ink drawings like something out of a medieval miniature : hundreds of delicate details crammed into an eight-by-ten sheet and looking as if they had been done under a jeweler's glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
Muscle weakness is now recognized as an uncommon though serious complication of steroid therapy , with most of the synthetic adrenal corticosteroids in clinical use . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wally was snoring on the davenport . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the current information on what types of training are needed and possible is too limited and fragmentary . (Filtered Words: 0)
He nodded at the door in front of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gray Eyes was in the lead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only when a decision is rendered by the District Court of Appeal ( or , of course , the Supreme Court ) is a binding precedent established . (Filtered Words: 0)
He seemed timid ( at first , ) wore nose glasses from which a black ribbon dangled , and was no bigger than a jockey . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Are you my partner '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And who is this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We used to kid him by saying he only painted that way because he was so nearsighted . (Filtered Words: 0)
They kill and destroy , retard or prevent reproduction and growth , impair and damage values , and disrupt uses . (Filtered Words: 0)
If only the fucken weather wasn't so lousy ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
On C , from the point P at Af to the point Q at Af , we construct the chord , and upon the chord as a side erect a square in such a way that as S approaches zero the square is inside C . (Filtered Words: 0)
He retreated a step and holstered his own . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Long observation has taught Mason that most landscape can be reduced to three essential planes : a foreground in sharp focus -- either a light area with dark accents or a dark one with lights ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gripped the lawman's other arm . (Filtered Words: 1)
There were slight fibrosis and marked arteriolosclerosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I would never have thought of it myself '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
River cruising for small craft is ideal in November . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus a number of operations of the order of Af are required . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they also defeat the school bill , the GOP task force won't have much research to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
But I will also remind them that I have always been inclined to skepticism , to a kind of Laodicean lack of commitment so far as public affairs are concerned ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She had felt that her arm wanted to go up in the first trial , but had consciously prevented it from so doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
She must have seen the ring on my left hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
While Hans devoted himself to the sciences of medicine , physics , and astronomy , his brother studied law . (Filtered Words: 0)
The teacher plunged the children into a new portion , this time in Hebrew , rapping the stick incessantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
For Matilda , it was the first she had known in many a night . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bore me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We feel that The Detroit News is to be complimented upon arranging for articles on these subjects and we hope that it will continue to provide material along wholesome lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Flatiron , electric -- approximately 3 lb. (Filtered Words: 0)
You're just a no-good bum '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The stepped-up defense procurement called for in the 1961 Budget has already begun to make itself felt in an upturn in orders for military electronic equipment and the components that go into it , and it has been suggested that an additional $2 billion increase in total defense spending may be requested for fiscal 1962 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outside 4-inch space is filled by mortaring blocks on edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lyricist's father was a lawyer who had branched out into real estate . (Filtered Words: 0)
A year later another Salem ship returned from Burma with a cargo of gum lacquer which nobody wanted to buy . (Filtered Words: 0)
We've done our part '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The March gain plus this optimism has been encouraging enough to prompt auto makers to boost production schedules for the next quarter . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are many and varied . (Filtered Words: 0)
He liked looking at Anne . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wards protected (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
He is not one to remain more comfortably and unquestioningly within a body of social , cultural , or literary traditions than he was within the traditions -- or possibly the regulations -- governing his tenure in the post office at Oxford , Mississippi , thirty-five years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Article 17 , Section 1 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
Cricket took eight ships and went south across the Straits and along the north coast of Mindanao to Cagayan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a situation regarding the Board of War could hardly have helped [FILTERED]'s chances for promotion when that matter came before the group later on . (Filtered Words: 1)
When [FILTERED] was negotiating the Middle East peace after Israel's 1956 invasion of Egypt , he soon found himself speaking the mysterious phrases of Cairo , a language as anarchic as [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Come spring , you'll be kicking up your heels and feeling coltish again too , gal '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Christ sake , goat , git '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , stealthily they advanced upstream ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As his feet slowed , he felt ashamed of the panic and resolved to make a stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rev , George and Lolotte were mending shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this domain the simple fact of coexistence in the same local , national , and world community is enough to guarantee that we cannot refrain from having some effect , large or small , upon [FILTERED] relations . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Taft-Hartley Act gave the federal courts jurisdiction over `` suits for violation of contracts between an employer and a labor organization representing employees in an industry affecting commerce '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and to utilize opportunities , arising in connection with regular classroom activities , for gaining a better understanding of his pupils . (Filtered Words: 0)
there might even be two or more candidates for voters to choose from . (Filtered Words: 0)
His view is that every religion pertains to a community , and , conversely , every community is in one aspect a religious unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Provided , That nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit the life of the Commission , or its authority to act on future agreements which may be effected under the provisions of this legislation . (Filtered Words: 0)
I will also be underpaid . (Filtered Words: 0)
He and [FILTERED] tied and gagged the man , using his belt and shirt for the purpose . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gouge , burn , blast , insult it as they would , could anyone really take Papa-san ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a big man , wearing a neat flannel shirt against the cold foothill air . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] employs a total of about 400 people . (Filtered Words: 1)
That po'k , it was so full of skippers it would jump and run and not come when you say , hoo-pig . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was when the gun went off . (Filtered Words: 0)
and to live in harmony with nature '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He put his head out . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose it is because we are just not big enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Forgiveness is the door through which a person must pass to enter the Kingdom of God . (Filtered Words: 0)
A warning (Filtered Words: 0)
In that function , he helps to rebut another legend about the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
When it was worn in the breast , or even on the sleeve , we at least knew where it was '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll pick murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
It reported that he now devoted only some 6-1/2 hours per month to public preaching and from 20 to 25 hours per month to church activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Af and Af are the thrust forces acting against coating and knife , respectively ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Excellent in their way , they lack the wide appeal of The Charles Men , and need not detain us here . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] was not included ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Should she wake him ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( [FILTERED] ) , 2:30-:34.3 ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Another would be to take the advice of Dr. [FILTERED] , president of the University of Missouri , and provide for an impartial professional analysis of Missouri's economy . (Filtered Words: 1)
At that time , the people at the bank said they felt that they had the situation in hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
In her opening remarks Mrs. [FILTERED] also welcomed the Juniors and stated , `` There isn't any other show quite like [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] verse had to find endurance in a world of burning cities and burning Jews . (Filtered Words: 1)
The tonal novelties consist in the introduction of a few chords used in classical music for centuries . (Filtered Words: 0)
As our planes land the war materiel that kills pro-Western Katangans , we stand supinely bleating while Nehru's troops smash into a five-hundred-year-old district of our NATO ally , Portugal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its findings are reported each year in its Rapport Sur l'activite Pendant annee ( Bruxelles ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't know what goes on around here , and I don't care . (Filtered Words: 0)
Criterion measurement (Filtered Words: 0)
We consider here only a few of many problems involved in this crucial federal-state relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems that open season upon veterans' hospitalization is once more upon us . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another element to concern the choreographer is that of the visual devices of the theatre . (Filtered Words: 0)
Flat payments over $50 per month are more expensive to the state than the assignment of state-owned vehicles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Berry , Brailsford and [FILTERED] in 1931 and [FILTERED] in 1958 reaffirmed this . (Filtered Words: 2)
then he realized he was hungry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prohibition was the law of the land , but it was unpopular ( how many of us oldsters took up drinking in prohibition days , drinking was so gay , so fashionable , especially in the sophisticated Northeast ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The oxen might as well enjoy it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somewhat daunted , the two American missionaries reached the police station where they were questioned by a most unfriendly clerk . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hours after a parade of his new Soviet tanks and artillery , Dictator [FILTERED] suddenly confronted the U.S. with a blunt and drastic demand : within 48 hours , the U.S. had to reduce its embassy and consulate staffs in Cuba to a total of eleven persons ( the embassy staff alone totaled 87 U.S. citizens , plus 120 Cuban employees ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
They had never seen one before and had expressed a curiosity about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1954 I was drafted and after serving two years honorably on Active Duty I was not required to participate in any further Army Reserve activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fat man winced . (Filtered Words: 0)
Coffee is made from the roasted and ground seeds of the coffee tree . (Filtered Words: 0)
He walked toward the center of the city to keep his rendezvous with Styka . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I have been at some pains to review it as the drama of the common man , to point up what happened to him under [FILTERED]'s leadership . (Filtered Words: 1)
If Palfrey ever had any doubts about the wickedness of slavery , they were put aside after he received an inventory of the slave property he had inherited . (Filtered Words: 0)
A carriage crunched by , its dim lights filtering through the gloom . (Filtered Words: 0)
He even hunted elephant , although the Asian elephant is not quite as ferocious as his African cousin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bacterial and fungal enzymes . (Filtered Words: 0)
This problem can force a change in marketing approach in many kinds of businesses . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this sense also , they are surely conformists . (Filtered Words: 0)
It winked as steadily as a metronome -- on , off -- on , off . (Filtered Words: 0)
Denton , Texas ( sp. ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The reasons for this enchantment are numerous , but most of them end in `` ova '' , `` eva '' , or `` aya '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But you '' -- she began . (Filtered Words: 0)
But his hands and those of [FILTERED] moved automatically adjusting and arranging in the check-out procedure . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is this larger theme of the `` quality of man '' , a quality that transcends the ideological and flows into `` the human '' , which now forms the pulsating heart of [FILTERED]'s artistic universe . (Filtered Words: 1)
A group of young men influenced by him enrolled in [FILTERED] Theological [FILTERED] and had to leave because of their open anti-slavery position . (Filtered Words: 2)
Traffic frequently has failed to measure up to engineers' rosy estimates . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Rodney-Honor Bright ) around 2:40 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The great `` sea to the westwards '' was a dead end . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hesperus , you may speak '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1920 , as the startling news that the 1919 White Sox had conspired to lose the World Series leaked out , fans grew disillusioned and disinterested in baseball . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See Chapter 12 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Designers of signs and displays have shown a refreshing approach to the adaptation of plastics that has influenced the workings of other industries . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of course ( [FILTERED]'s letter continued ) , there are practical problems to be considered . (Filtered Words: 1)
Royal lineages could be based on extraordinary worldly achievements translated into eternal otherworldly power . (Filtered Words: 0)
She called softly , `` Barney '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For added strength , I also fastened a small block on each side of every frame and batten joint . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soap , neutral chip -- fed. Spec. 566 or Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
And you stand by like a fool and let him do it '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. speaks (Filtered Words: 1)
but he quickly involves himself in the Young Turk revolutionary movement to such an extent that his own country begins to doubt his patriotism . (Filtered Words: 0)
the gray hairs , the eyeglasses , bodies that are too thin or too heavy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
No question ruffles him or causes him to hesitate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Allstates Auto Company , a medium-sized firm which manufactured four-wheel-drive vehicles and other off-road equipment , had recently constructed an over-large , modern plant in a burst of misguided optimism . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sculptor looked at him , let the color drain out of his face , grinned , and looked down into his drink , a bad Martini made with raw Italian gin . (Filtered Words: 0)
The water was there , so much of it that it spread all through the dead orchard . (Filtered Words: 0)
His portion of the program -- and a big portion it was -- consisted of half the major nineteenth-century concertos for the violin : to wit , the Mendelssohn and the Tchaikovsky . (Filtered Words: 0)
Farming is confining . (Filtered Words: 0)
They did ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` most orthodontic work is done on children between the ages of 10 and 14 , though there have been patients as young as two and as old as 55 '' , says Dr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
She began to watch a blonde-haired man , also in shorts , standing right at the rear of the wrecked car in the one spot that most of the crowd had detoured slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five held for trial (Filtered Words: 0)
She too began to weep . (Filtered Words: 0)
The District Courts , in the framing of equitable decrees , are clothed ' with large discretion to model their judgements to fit the exigencies of the particular case . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] herself ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
While no larger than Dutch Springs , this mining supply town had the appearance of being far busier and more prosperous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many years have passed since a Metropolitan audience heard anything comparable . (Filtered Words: 0)
In town after town my companion pointed out the Negro school and the White school , and in every instance the former made a better appearance ( it was newer , for one thing ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the most endearing of Lao ceremonies . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White Citizens' Councils in the entire state of Mississippi against every local Philco dealer in that state , in protest against a Philco-sponsored program over a national TV network on which was presented a drama showing , it seemed , a `` high yellow gal '' smooching with a white man . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then I became aware that she , too , glanced at me surreptitiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
A long time . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Duties of Church Membership ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Is this a reason for saving no one ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] hastened to [FILTERED]'s side . (Filtered Words: 2)
Who are the creative representatives of this movement ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This picture of extreme self-reliant individuation is difficult to reconcile with such Zendo formulas as : `` O you , demons and other spiritual beings , I now offer this to you , and may this food fill up the ten quarters of the world and all the demons and other spiritual beings be fed therewith . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Look at this '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
When the inning was over he cursed the Anniston catcher all the way into the dugout . (Filtered Words: 0)
He closed his eyes and let the unintelligible drift of voices sweep pleasantly over him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It entered her body with the ghastly intimacy of an incubus , and its particles , spreading , creeping , crawling , joined themselves into steel bands that constricted her knees so tightly that they ached ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
With each song he gave verbal footnotes . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than once I was confronted by professional gamblers , `` bookies '' , loan `` sharks '' , gangsters , `` thugs '' and `` finger men '' -- people of a class I did not even know existed -- to repay my husband's staggering losses , `` or else '' I shuddered to think that someone so dear to me could even associate with such a sinister milieu . (Filtered Words: 0)
The baby can have an early nap . (Filtered Words: 0)
The action is a drop-block , handling all the standard (Filtered Words: 0)
Personnel assigned through the shooting development program have proudly participated in over 53 state and regional workshops , at which hundreds of school administrators , teachers , professors , and recreational leaders have been introduced to Outdoor Education . (Filtered Words: 0)
The preferential mating of this particular population has been analyzed in a separate study . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shipping cost is also reduced ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
An Alabama soldier whose feminine associations were of the more admirable type wrote boastfully of his achievements among the Virginia belles : `` they thout I was a saint . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , the Flock's veteran knuckleball specialists , are slated to oppose the American League champions in tomorrow's 8 P.M. contest . (Filtered Words: 2)
He might not be found for days , even weeks , otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh no '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Day by day , week by week , month by month , the betrayal gnawed at [FILTERED]'s heart . (Filtered Words: 1)
Elegance and color (Filtered Words: 0)
This time , it was so grand ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There's the King . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us put Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Super again elected (Filtered Words: 0)
Af is the force required to cut a coating of thickness T from the substrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The external signs of his approach to it would be covered by the snow , probably by the next day . (Filtered Words: 0)
I guess he wants to ask you some questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a fellow of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers , and a senior member of the Institute of Radio Engineers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The discarded papers inside were sodden , there was a glint of liquid at the bottom , and the smell of whisky was strong and distinct . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] heading . (Filtered Words: 1)
The declarative statement EQU permits the programmer to equate symbolic names to actual index words , electronic switches , arm and file numbers , tape channel and unit numbers , alteration switches , etc. , and to equate a symbol to another symbol or to an actual address . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they kept on clapping for a long , long time . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , whose story appeared here two issues ago ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
And [FILTERED] , forty-three , a farmer's son from Beallsville , Ohio , is a quiet but impressive man . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cape Canaveral's achievements thunder forth from the radio , television , and newspaper . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was September 20 , 1960 , in a lavishly decorated apartment littered with liquor bottles . (Filtered Words: 0)
They accuse their enemies of precisely the crimes of which they themselves are most guilty . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Af denotes the net profit from stage R and Af , then the principle of optimality gives Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
He talked about it to the Presiding Elder . (Filtered Words: 0)
The child of this problem was Mr. [FILTERED]'s famous Serial No. 1 Universal Milling Machine , the archtype from which is descended today's universal knee-type milling machine used throughout the world . (Filtered Words: 1)
Straightening up , his eyes ablaze , he held out the battered Stetson . (Filtered Words: 0)
they read widely and eclectically ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
These were the last words he ever uttered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Position ( 2 ) appears to us to be unlikely in view of the absence of a piezoelectric effect and on general chemical structural grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this was to be a `` proxy sitting '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But as all understand who have eyes to see , nothing of the kind has happened ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This should be used frequently ( but shaken before using ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Encouraging by every means , all existing Assemblies of God churches to start new churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the end , I did the same old picture , the naked girl and the guy in the doorway , only I put a Lord Byron shirt on the guy , gave him a sword instead of a pistol , and painted in furniture from the stills of a costume movie . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) [FILTERED] of the San Francisco Giants borrowed a teammate's bat and became the ninth big leaguer to stroke four home runs in a game ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
That night the two of them left for a week's honeymoon in Acapulco . (Filtered Words: 0)
One man dropped to his knee for better aim . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kept sayin , not me , not me , I don't wanta wind up like em . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's got this idea about drying out '' (Filtered Words: 0)
It happened at the St. Patrick's Day party , a big affair for a regiment which had gone into battle for over three-quarters of a century to the strains of an Irish march . (Filtered Words: 0)
The house was modern , large , on five acres . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the atmosphere is so befouled that no one dares walk in the open without respirators or soot plugs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gazing at her husband's drugged body , his chest rising and falling in mindless rhythms , she saw the grandeur of his fictional world , that lush garden from which he plucked flowers and herbs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could be lavishly generous with friends , cab drivers and bellboys , but with dealers he was tough . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second edition should have greater uniformity . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I Saw Stars '' , `` Lover Man '' , `` Menilmontant '' and `` Swing 42 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again Dill hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] , for instance , was not too long on sympathy . (Filtered Words: 1)
He hopes to melt off an additional eight pounds before the Flock breaks camp three weeks hence . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , their establishment made it unnecessary to begin publication of a contemplated Air Force medical bulletin . (Filtered Words: 0)
But DeKalb citizens , those who use the facilities of the cannery , say the cannery is not supposed to make any money . (Filtered Words: 0)
Af bond in Af (Filtered Words: 0)
Outlays would increase (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , although only a few of the students were intimately acquainted with each other in the beginning , most reported that when the semester ended their dearest and closest campus friendships were with members of that class . (Filtered Words: 0)
He queried . (Filtered Words: 0)
She started back for the house , saw a light in the office , opened the door and surprised a domestic little scene which was far outside the dark realm of murder or attempted murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
you may be baptized , confirmed , reverent and worshipful ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The general setting of the Moroccan election may also encourage the deterioration of local party organization . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both are good , daring fielders : Mantle covers more ground ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The kidneys were pale and weighed right , 110 gm. , and left , 230 gm. . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could certainly talk . (Filtered Words: 0)
Please do put more pictures and articles in about Liberace , as he is truly one of our greatest entertainers and a really wonderful person . (Filtered Words: 0)
After titration of the liberated Af with Af , aliquots of the aqueous and of the organic phase were counted in a solution-type [FILTERED] tube . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Of course '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hundreds of miles to the north , the route back to England through the `` Furious Overfall '' was again filling with ice . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's our boy [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the rare case where a corporation's only substantial asset , or its most important one , is a claim for refund , perhaps its transfer should not be permitted , whether the reorganization takes the form of a statutory merger or of the acquisition of assets for stock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately , there are no cities or towns in the state , with one or two possible exceptions that are in too difficult a position to finance the proposed change . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not surprisingly , Dr. [FILTERED] says , some recently enlightened wives are out to claim these capabilities . (Filtered Words: 1)
And [FILTERED] wanted money probably to roam among the dice tables in Las Vegas . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is the rhetoric of righteousness the beatniks use in defending their way of life , their search for wholeness , though their actual existence fails to reach these `` religious '' heights . (Filtered Words: 0)
His objective was , essentially , to repair those aspects of orthodox astronomy responsible for its deficiencies in achieving these ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
The minimum diameter of the pin frame in the collapsed state is 11 inches and the maximum diameter in the freely extended state ( unloaded ) is 14 inches . (Filtered Words: 0)
it resembles [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Stake me '' , she said , `` and let me at those dice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Great professors do not automatically reproduce themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
For Mrs. [FILTERED] -- who had been given a clean bill of health by her own physician at the time she visited [FILTERED] -- and her friend were agents for the California Pure Food and Drug Inspection Bureau . (Filtered Words: 2)
Some will go around a corner . (Filtered Words: 0)
That the Court order does not unequally affect the Southern region ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Since they commonly translate thoughts and feelings into deeds , hands naturally represent action , and since nearly half the characters in Great Expectations are of the underworld or closely allied to it , the linking of hands with crime or violence is not to be wondered at . (Filtered Words: 0)
The charges caught Pike off balance , coming as they did from an unexpected quarter . (Filtered Words: 0)
and , since the historian should only be interested in strictly terrestrial activity , his research should eliminate the supernatural . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has held them at bay . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Encouraging by every means , all existing Assemblies of God churches to start new churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , forgive me , Sigmen , for the contrary-to-reality thoughts ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Inevitably , Mrs. [FILTERED] died of starvation and tuberculosis , weighing 60 pounds . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No '' , Eddie said . (Filtered Words: 0)
They bought rustled cattle from the outlaw , kept him supplied with guns and ammunition , harbored his men in their houses . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Indeed , the set of endings can be replaced by the name of a set of endings . (Filtered Words: 0)
She could not face coffee or tea without milk , and was always craving types of food that were not available aboard a sailing ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
We did not dare speak to so exalted a being , but Norton aimed his camera and shot him , so to speak , on the rise , the split second between the halt and the turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie found it immensely funny . (Filtered Words: 0)
One finds it difficult to pass censure on the lonely figure who waited for days for a saving word from his zealously served idol , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dissenting views of senators (Filtered Words: 0)
Helva . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he had found all of the thickets and points of cover deserted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bear in mind that this does not include interior panels for partitions , fancy flooring , appliances and fixtures , electrical wiring , and plumbing , all of which will be taken up in detail in later issues . (Filtered Words: 0)
People who have not been able to get relief from regular medical doctors are especially apt to be taken in by quacks '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside his window bloomed a beautiful summer day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brenner's voice was oily , but Summers wasn't fooled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chief interest in radiosterilization resides in the military services . (Filtered Words: 0)
For exactly three unpaired electrons the coefficient would be 3.10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In short , the fictional private eye is a specialized version of [FILTERED] ideal entrepreneur , the man whose private ambitions must always and everywhere promote the public welfare . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Not everyone , Styka '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , I said , `` I didn't happen to grow up in Illinois '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Actually , a nilpotent operator on an n-dimensional space must have its T power 0 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All of you be ready to ride hell for leather '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The presidents of Cornell , Wisconsin , C.C.N.Y. , Bowdoin , Vermont , Brown , Columbia , [FILTERED] , Yale , and Harvard and the presidents emeritus of Harvard and Michigan were there . (Filtered Words: 1)
The half-intensity diameter of the antenna beam was about 9' , and the angle subtended by the moon included the entire main beam and part of the first side lobes . (Filtered Words: 0)
I will shute him as shore as I sea him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was the day that [FILTERED] had told Warren about the Abbey of Solesmes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Instead of Catholics' being obliged or even encouraged to beget the greatest possible number of offspring , as many Non-Catholics imagine , the ideal of responsible parenthood is stressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aim to balance your employee benefit package . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll shove along home '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ignition sets off blast (Filtered Words: 0)
The fire department here has been torn for months by dissension involving top personnel and the fight between the fire fighters association and the teamsters union . (Filtered Words: 0)
By means of geographical isolation and high fertility rates , inbreeding can be fostered and the pattern of isolation from the greater society maintained . (Filtered Words: 0)
The growing contacts between Aegean and Orient are also a phase which should be linked primarily to the remarkable broadening of Hellenic culture after 750 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nae , man '' , said [FILTERED] , `` ye must be countin' the echoes '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Chicago , Aug. 7 (Filtered Words: 0)
( This method does not apply to electronic switches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
If anyone thought of the John Harvey , it was to observe that she was straddled by a pair of ships heavily laden with high explosive and if they were hit the John Harvey would likely be blown up with her own ammo and whatever else it was that she carried . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us put to ourselves the hypothesis that we had not come on the scene and that the rabbit never was discovered . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of lead as long as the market price for common lead at New York , New York , as determined by the Secretary , is below 14-1/2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 75 per centum of the difference between 14-1/2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary . (Filtered Words: 0)
The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industralization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alone with the fabulous Byron ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She could not count the times [FILTERED] had rapped on the door , just a couple of bangs that shook the whole damned closet and might , someday , break away the pipe connections from the wall . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I've just been talking to Dr. [FILTERED] '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 1)
I feel it's my duty . (Filtered Words: 0)
The simple , naked idea of one man chasing another is of its nature better fitted for the film than it is for any other form of fiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new year might see some house-cleaning , either genuine or token , depending upon developments , to give [FILTERED] an opportunity to combat some of these criticisms . (Filtered Words: 1)
The marines let him advance . (Filtered Words: 0)
But no single planetary problem ever required of Ptolemy more than six epicycles at one time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note where the sun rises and sets , and ask which direction the prevailing winds and storms come from . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gone '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you will promise to make it weak '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the case of academic personnel the `` feeling '' of participation can hardly be `` faked '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This small pore size was required to ensure uniformity of the flow leaving the anode . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alternately he had periods of hostile defeatism in which he determined sullenly , morosely , to live out his life in this fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , even the most successful executive lives in a two-room apartment while ordinary people rent space in the stairwells of office buildings in which to sleep at night ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Strategic Air Command is the principal element of our long-range nuclear capability . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] no doubt concurs in principle but is more apt to make exceptions to achieve a generous and `` just '' result . (Filtered Words: 1)
Home-made sauerkraut is served once a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
He who has the Son has the life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The photograph , Figure 1 of the completed frieze , shows how , having been separated from his fellows in useless isolation for eighty years , he has now been given a hand , and by juxtaposition ( and the permission of the Committee ) , given a new job , to represent the witnesses of the first flight at [FILTERED] in 1903 . (Filtered Words: 1)
He moved the flights over against one wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fearless . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of greater interest is a question as to whether movable property was assessed according to its location or ownership . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then the questions came , eager , interested questions , and many compliments on his having overcome his infirmity . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wasn't being , `` educated in '' those Village bull-sessions , as he claims . (Filtered Words: 0)
He always did when people asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked who this was , she named [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Several slugs fired into the bed jerked aside the blanket to reveal an apparently lifeless hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jobs for Cavanagh (Filtered Words: 0)
His aptitudes and preferences could be given more weight in selecting the proper training . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , in general , we may argue that the student can direct the primary emphasis of his attention toward one or the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his report to the Attorney General , the hearing officer suggested that the petitioner be exempt only from combatant training and service . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What do you suggest '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The red cells were used within 2 days after donation and were washed with large amounts of saline before use . (Filtered Words: 0)
All crystalline substances and other solid-state materials . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's an ugly , terrible snake '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
I got off there , crossed the street , walked ahead with St. Sophia on my left , the Blue Mosque on my right , and in a moment came to the entrance of St. Sophia . (Filtered Words: 0)
These rumors of permanent separation started up a whole crop of stories about her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first few days [FILTERED] set his plane down on Towne field back of the State House when the wind was right , and used Wilson flat above [FILTERED] when it wasn't . (Filtered Words: 2)
Who ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
a marvelous arrangement , for it provides exactly what the bee queens need to make their beebread , a combination of honey and pollen with which the young of all species are fed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] wasn't expected to like it '' , Dr. [FILTERED] , the late Toronto gynecologist , once summed up the attitude of the '90s . (Filtered Words: 2)
There has been a tendency on the part of many American linguists to assume that a phonemic transcription will automatically be the best possible orthography and that the only real problem will then be the social one of securing acceptance . (Filtered Words: 0)
With each song he gave verbal footnotes . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned away . (Filtered Words: 1)
The most valuable player award was split three ways , among [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
That was all they needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was again tingling with pleasure , seeing himself clearly in [FILTERED]'s shoes . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , to the extent that the monetary authorities , in their effort to ease credit in the next several months , conduct their open market operations in longer-term Government bonds , they will certainly act to accentuate any tendency for long-term interest rates to ease as a result of market forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , `` Good boy . (Filtered Words: 1)
Theater (Filtered Words: 0)
To her partisan audience , such picayune haggling would have seemed nothing more than a critic striving to hold his franchise ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His duties as Massachusetts Secretary of State obliged him to wait until the adjournment of the legislature in mid-April . (Filtered Words: 0)
Using a cheap brush , coat one side of the bottom with the resin and then apply the cloth . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] found him froze . (Filtered Words: 1)
Surely now his beloved son could rest in peace . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] sang the lovely old familiar things which seemed , at times , a blessed relief from the way-out compositions of the progressive jazzmen who have dominated these proceedings . (Filtered Words: 1)
I take this to mean that the intelligent -- and therefore necessarily cynical ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] recruited his critters , and him and me fixed up his wagon while we was waiting for you to catch up . (Filtered Words: 1)
The child understands no . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am sure that the engineer who enters management is nearly always opening the door to greater possibilities than he would have as a technical specialist -- because of his wider accountability '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simultaneously the President announced Thursday the appointment of [FILTERED] , a special assistant to the Attorney General , as executive director of the new Committee on Juvenile Delinquency and Youth Crime . (Filtered Words: 1)
First of all , the six figures of the [FILTERED] you heisted -- four Siamese heads , a black obsidian statuette in the earth-touching position , and a large brass figure of the Dying [FILTERED] on a teakwood base . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Of course , I agree with the Captain '' , Gansevoort said thoughtfully , `` but the conspiracy is ferocious and desperate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many readers of this department no doubt discount certain of my opinions for the simple reason that they can guess pretty accurately , even if they have never actually been told , what my age is . (Filtered Words: 0)
Trim-your-own-franks (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can't do this to us '' , [FILTERED] screamed . (Filtered Words: 1)
A long time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The horse continued to snort . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus' inert body would be passive , his eyes closed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its sphere is that of royal courts , dynastic quarrels , and vaulting ambitions . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wherefore also He ( God ) drove him ( man ) out of Paradise , and removed him far from the tree of life , not because He envied him the tree of life , as some venture to assert , but because He pitied him , ( and did not desire ) that he should continue a sinner for ever , nor that the sin which surrounded him should be immortal , and evil interminable and irremediable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Subjects (Filtered Words: 0)
When Prudence and Blackberry were too young to be trusted in the dining room , they were tied to the radiator with their leashes , and they would cry . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this respect , boats can be compared with houses . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man's eyelids fluttered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both have blue eyes and short blond hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
and Seattle , Wash. . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , there is a minimum of legislative restriction on boating . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm going to turn my generator back on , as I promised to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to the families it serves , their help cannot be measured . (Filtered Words: 0)
He dialed it and listened to it ring ten times before he hung up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten students act as managers for a high-school football team , and of these managers a proportion P are licensed drivers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Orlick shakes his hand at [FILTERED] , bangs the table with his fist , draws his unclenched hand `` across his mouth as if his mouth watered '' for his victim , lets his hands hang `` loose and heavy at his sides '' , and [FILTERED] observes him so intensely that he knows `` of the slightest action of his fingers '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Also included in the entourage : a dog in a black sweater , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had an urgent mission : to stage a mammoth Inauguration Eve entertainment gala in the capital's National Guard Armory . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Get in , buddies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her previous traumatic experiences flashed through her mind as if they had happened yesterday . (Filtered Words: 0)
In general , such apartments afford more protection than smaller buildings because their walls are thick and there is more space . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have told you before , and I tell you again '' , [FILTERED] said rudely . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED]'s words recalled [FILTERED] to his lack of fitness for courting . (Filtered Words: 2)
Some time in 1912 , [FILTERED] cut out and folded a piece of paper in the shape of a guitar ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] himself took two flights , with Todman leading the second , to patrol and look for targets of opportunities around [FILTERED] on the east coast of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
In these damp circumstances , he was an odds-on bet to develop pneumonia . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gre't big fat chicken , yeah '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Lullaby and goodnight . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no apparent comprehension of morality ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a new sound , a sound as piercing as the [FILTERED] yell , yet different . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the above development we have applied the thermodynamics of equilibrium ( referred to by some as thermostatics ) to the steady state . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said happily , `` I've got it all worked out , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Suggested improvements will be submitted to the Congress shortly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clock you heard strike -- it's really the town clock -- was installed last April by Mrs. [FILTERED] , on her birthday '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
If it was , then it must have been God's intention to translate him at a certain point from time to eternity . (Filtered Words: 0)
it must express the nation's own will and goal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seven battle flags and fourteen officers' swords were sent to [FILTERED]' headquarters . (Filtered Words: 1)
Press clay into cavity of one mold three times ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s wife and four children live in Miami . (Filtered Words: 1)
So they go looking for mergers with other firms that have publicly quoted stock , and almost daily they pound on the doors of firms like [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I saw the clergyman kneel for a moment by the twitching body of the man he had shot , then run back to his position . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twice previously the Senate has approved measures backing ETV and the House has let them die . (Filtered Words: 0)
among whom , his Party have indeed more Friends than I could wish '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experimental (Filtered Words: 0)
We simply find ourselves in the position of having no means for inquiring into the structure and meaning of this range of our experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come , come '' , [FILTERED] said , jollying [FILTERED] a little . (Filtered Words: 2)
Help asked (Filtered Words: 0)
If such an unlikely transaction were to take place , it would more logically be accomplished by a stock purchase , followed by the prosecution of the claim by the wholly-owned subsidiary , followed by liquidation . (Filtered Words: 0)
For larger plantings , you'll need some kind of power for plowing , harrowing , disking , and cultivating . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wouldn't be going to get that for an hour or so after [FILTERED] had left , go do the daily shopping . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Except for Shabbat , when they are praying all day '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay , Stormy , this isn't the place for fun and games . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is a mystique , and their private language is rich in the multivalent ambiguities of sexual reference so that they dwell in a sexualized universe of discourse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whoever it was had meant to shut him up in here , had followed him and waited till the courthouse and square were deserted . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] had persuaded him . (Filtered Words: 1)
reinforce seam with a coil of clay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the student of literature may sometimes find it helpful to classify a poem or an essay as being in idea or in ideal content or subject matter typical or atypical of its period . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theocracy reconsidered . (Filtered Words: 0)
The major gets the assured gallonage for the life of the lease and the distributor apparently can do well because delivery cost is low . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Company of the Indies , holding to its program of economy , made no arrangements to furnish better goods at attractive prices . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rides were tame enough -- mostly we talked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Traveling all night , [FILTERED] and twelve men arrived at about seven o'clock May 22 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Both of them were overcome by the horror of the world in which they found themselves , because at last they could no longer overcome that world with the weapon of a purely lyrical art . (Filtered Words: 0)
I drank furiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] looked helplessly in both directions . (Filtered Words: 1)
To have someday that love returned was what he had lived for . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he watched the man sit suddenly , a detached part of his mind observed how very difficult it was , really , to knock a man off his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was discharged from the hospital after a two-day checkup and he and his parents had what Mr. [FILTERED] described as a `` celebration lunch '' at the cafeteria on the campus . (Filtered Words: 1)
Digby was not pleased with his promotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this lecture Oersted happened to place the conducting wire over and parallel to a magnetic needle . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stayed away for ten days . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- A wave of public resentment against corruption in government is rising in Massachusetts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet they keep running from one physician to another , largely to get a willing ear who will listen to their parade of troubles . (Filtered Words: 0)
It might have been several days . (Filtered Words: 0)
It overlooks the other fact that it is described as `` Nec minus salutaris quam festivus '' , `` no less salutary than gay '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And if you should step inside of such a magnified atom , according to the physics of forty years ago , you would see circulating over your head , down at the sides , and under your feet , some twenty luminous balls about the size of footballs . (Filtered Words: 0)
but by a blond girl in a sweater and skirt who stood a few yards off and tenderly regarded him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He wants me to go with him tomorrow '' , she told [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] has directed a performance that has verve and pace , although he has tolerated obvious business to garner easy laughs where elegance and consistency of style would be preferable . (Filtered Words: 1)
One of its features attractive to the West is its irreverence for tradition and dogma and for sacred texts . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no question of that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Publicity accounted for 1.1 per cent of the initial contacts with new members . (Filtered Words: 0)
I told him you are on orders from the Home Army to get inside [FILTERED] so you can make a report to the government in exile in London '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Parker was never excommunicated . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can he be trusted '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The ontological status of society thus is constituted by the psychological status of society's members . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not a line , not a wrinkle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , sir they did real great ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The second piece is in turn glued and screwed to the first . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never let anyone not in the know take a turn at the valves -- even if the little boys do want to play space ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly , she wouldn't dare ask her father afterward . (Filtered Words: 0)
For better or for worse , we all now live in welfare states , the organizing principle of which is collective responsibility for individual well-being . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Scots had found a new leader in [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED]'s yearly expeditions across the Border called for evermounting taxes , which only increased his difficulties with the barons and the clergy . (Filtered Words: 2)
Grinned his father . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are , he thought , so few true means of forgetfulness in this life that why should he shun the medicine even when the medicine seemed , as it did , a little crude ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Those little children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let me outta here ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Wednesday morning it happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
It occurred to [FILTERED] that he was , on a hunch basis , eliminating a good many . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Continental Gin Co. began operations in Dallas in 1899 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've never done this before '' , they always said , shaking their dresses down over their white shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
The DUF also supplies the locations of subroutines written by the user that are unique to the file . (Filtered Words: 0)
Geneva , June 18 (Filtered Words: 0)
Vince swore again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Led by [FILTERED] , these mobsters specialized in train robberies but as a sideline they looted stores and robbed banks , making liberal use of their guns . (Filtered Words: 1)
No auto maker would dream of putting the head on the engine before he fitted the pistons in the block . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wife of convicted bank robber [FILTERED] was arrested in Phoenix , Ariz. , last week and will be returned to Portland to face charges of assault and robbery , Portland detectives said Friday . (Filtered Words: 1)
The interesting thing in this connection is that the norms upon which students tend to converge include toleration of diversity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The structures , properties , and reactions of these compounds are being studied . (Filtered Words: 0)
Water interest is one of the most valuable factors you can find for a recreation site . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the last few years the telephone company has managed to automate many areas of their service . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Write to the fund's custodian bank -- the First National Bank of Jersey City , N.J. . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the most casual and relaxed manner in the world , Dolores led Anthea to the bedroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
With our growth came expansion into new fields of service . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the greatest problems associated with automatic leveling is establishing a true level in the presence of high-level acceleration noise . (Filtered Words: 0)
The area adjacent to one edge of a piece of affixed material -- or simply of a painted-in form -- will be shaded to pry that edge away from the surface , while something will be drawn , painted or even pasted over another part of the same shape to drive it back into depth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their great error is to mingle the responses typical of each of the three types of change . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was something almost insulting in her tone , but I disregarded it . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm not steering you wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That is extravagant language , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In place of asking salesmen to fill questionnaires , checking their references , interviewing them , asking them to be tried out , he told them he would prefer to test them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tradition has assigned medicinal values to seeds because of their alkaloids , aromatic oils , and highly flavored components . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was more to service in the Navy Nurse Corps than the hours in the ward . (Filtered Words: 0)
Laws on boating vary according to the state in which the craft is to be used and according to its horsepower . (Filtered Words: 0)
Barton hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
I like sawdust for this , or hay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only this time around the conditions are different and the choice is far harder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Getting elected president of the student body took a lot of time and politicking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adrian Quiney wrote to his son [FILTERED] on October 29 and again perhaps the next day , since the bearer of the letter , the bailiff , was expected to reach London on November 1 . (Filtered Words: 1)
She did not touch him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was that prick Coughlin . (Filtered Words: 0)
It also brought home proof of something a casual observer might have missed : that more than half of the U.S. Negroes live outside the southeastern states . (Filtered Words: 0)
Balenciaga is her favorite European designer . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it was not , one of the great dramas of Washington would be presented . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got out of there in a hurry , brushing past another man in the door , mopping his brow . (Filtered Words: 0)
only one producer in a hundred is equipped to package and ship unit loads ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He admitted that he knew it was open to him at all times , and he could have rebutted it before the hearing officer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Serene ( Mrs. [FILTERED] ) , 23 , was born in Budapest and raised in Manhattan . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sometimes , on a return trip , the aviator would `` go upstairs '' high over the clouds . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was an automatic phrase ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you want to call [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The latter is likely to occur when the thyroid is removed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shouldered the blanket again , backed off , and tossed the lantern with its open wick beneath the wagon . (Filtered Words: 0)
It bothered her that she probably would never know . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well now , [FILTERED] , you don't have to snap at me '' , Eugenia said . (Filtered Words: 1)
They overran the 7th Cav's forward machine-gun positions through sheer weight of numbers , over piles of their own dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
I like that kid '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And men also used vacuum cleaners in both rooms , sucking dust up once more . (Filtered Words: 0)
He mused . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does he care about things that matter to you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
While the picture was taken , Mr. [FILTERED]'s disposition to be generous to Mr. [FILTERED] increased to the point where he advised , ' I won't even charge you the one dollar rental fee ' '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Radiopasteurization has also been successful , and the shelf life of chicken can be extended to a month or more under refrigerated storage as compared with about 10 days for the untreated product . (Filtered Words: 0)
Magnetic analyses by [FILTERED] of this laboratory indicated no ferromagnetic impurities . (Filtered Words: 1)
Contraction of muscle (Filtered Words: 0)
She snapped five tenths of a second off the mark set by [FILTERED] , of Wellsley College , in the National A.A.U. meet in Columbus , Ohio . (Filtered Words: 1)
The aspects of physical development that catch the judges' eyes and which rightfully influence their decisions are symmetry and that hallmark of the true champion -- superior definition of the muscles . (Filtered Words: 0)
With its power to investigate , the Senate can paralyze the Secretary by keeping him in a state of perpetual testimony before committees , as it did with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Lack of rainfall and extreme temperatures may call for the development of shade and irrigation of a site to make it useable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then hang up fast and come walking on down to the Perrin address . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first step in using a formula is to insert the numerical values of the factors involved in their correct positions in the formula . (Filtered Words: 0)
birthplace of the nation , the Northeast offers historic battlefields ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He threw out the hi-graders . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] put the `` cribs '' and the saloons out of bounds , ordered the co-operation of military officers with local law authorities , and told communities that the troops would be moved unless wholesome conditions were restored . (Filtered Words: 1)
they somehow made me expect to see him launch into a vaudeville tapdance routine any moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
A second tale shows still more clearly the kind of powers a truly spiritual monk could possess : `` On one occasion [FILTERED] ( Kyo-zan ) saw a stranger monk flying through the air . (Filtered Words: 1)
He let down the tailgate and was knocked over by the sluice of water . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] will never forgive him -- never ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
These people were not talking much about it , but you , a foreigner , sensed their apprehension and disappointment . (Filtered Words: 0)
After what seemed several seconds , the open mouth grew dark inside then blood began to ooze from it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never rebuilt , the bridge was strengtened in 1938 by two extra piers , a concrete floor , and a walk-way along the upper side in order to care for modern traffic . (Filtered Words: 0)
What would the first projects be ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Sort out the next move . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't know what makes you think you can get away with this kind of business , and I don't care about that , either . (Filtered Words: 0)
See-through design of the chairs combines both the nostalgic ladder back and an Oriental shoji flavor . (Filtered Words: 0)
I just don't want to go off half-cocked before picking up Black , that's all '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , not Bermuda . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was the conductor . (Filtered Words: 1)
The field , then , is ripe for new Southerners to step to the fore and write of this twentieth-century phenomenon , the Southern Yankeefication : the new urban economy , the city-dweller , the pains of transition , the labor problems ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He says that if he were to express to you , once again , his own profound determination to go to the Mainland , and his faith that that return is feasible , he would merely sound redundant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirty-five (Filtered Words: 0)
After an unspeakable siege , lasting the better part of two months , it was announced that the studio `` owed '' the government a tax debt in excess of eight million dollars while I , who had always remained aloof from such iniquitous practices as paying taxes on the salary I had earned and the little I legally inherited as [FILTERED]' helpless relict , was `` stung '' with a personal bill of such astronomical proportions as to `` wipe out '' all but a fraction of my poor , hard-come-by savings . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since the writer had established this democratic procedure in the beginning he had to go along with their decision -- after , of course , pointing out whether he thought their decision was a wise or an unwise one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stanley really was quite predictable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] records that `` at the end of November ( 1881 ) he makes a note of an intention to resume poetry as soon as possible '' ( Early Life , p. 188 ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
This is awkward for everybody , isn't it , we all got to put up with inconvenience sometimes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` O ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It does not take a Gallup poll to find out that most Republicans in Congress feel this understates the situation as Republicans see it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each year these shows have increased in entries . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question is : what are we going to do about them ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If it gave me pleasure to say hard things '' , he wrote , `` I would shut up forever '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Uniconer (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , the decision is yours . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But you want a job guaranteed when you return '' , I continued my attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the year 1960 , this office supplied 954 visitors with information related to foreign and domestic commerce , and made 73 field visits . (Filtered Words: 0)
I picked him up , and the length of him arched very carefully and gracefully and only a little wildly , and I could feel the coolness of that radiant , fire-colored body , like splendid ice , and I knew that he had eaten only recently because there were two whole and solid little lumps in the forepart of him , like fieldmice swallowed whole might make . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somebody'll hafta start thinkin . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are mostly through highways that carry traffic going from one destination to another . (Filtered Words: 0)
Player immediately proceeded to follow suit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Undergraduates (Filtered Words: 0)
One fame is precious and luminous ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A recent newspaper report said there were five Negroes in the 1960 graduating class of nearly one thousand at Yale ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Cutting mechanism of cohesive failure (Filtered Words: 0)
I was lucky in lots of ways , no doubt about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
More people were passing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the past 10 years , Sponsor observes , these trends have become apparent : (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , nationalism and sovereignty are reputed , in the accepted wisdom , to describe the modern world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prohibition was the law of the land , but it was unpopular ( how many of us oldsters took up drinking in prohibition days , drinking was so gay , so fashionable , especially in the sophisticated Northeast ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
John the Baptist used total immersion in the River Jordan for believers ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You own this place '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( 1 ) What allows us to think that the patient had no third-dimensional representations when his eyes were closed ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His duty was to his sovereign and to his nation , and an extension to peoples beyond the territorial boundaries was not to be contemplated . (Filtered Words: 0)
First was the period of codification of existing law : the Code Napoleon in France and the peculiar codification that , in fact , resulted from [FILTERED]'s restatement and ordering of the Common Law in England . (Filtered Words: 1)
I worked on the Schuylkill Expressway and if it had not been for the big trucks carrying rock and concrete there wouldn't be an Expressway . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` Right around the corner '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then we hung overboard in the water . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Do employees contribute their share of money to recreational facilities ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What was your answer '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But this is not the real problem ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Others listed at new addresses are the [FILTERED] , the [FILTERED] , the Henri De La Chapelles , the [FILTERED] and Dr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , the John Armisteads , [FILTERED] , the Howard Lockies , the Thomas Lockies , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 6)
She wore a gown of satin designed along princesse lines and featuring a flared skirt and lace jacket with bateau neckline . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is right to say that `` Waiting For Godot '' is a reflection ( he calls it a distorted reflection ) `` of the impasse and disarray of Europe's present politics , ethic , and common way of life '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Beckworth left the tent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fence-line feeding . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' He wrote . (Filtered Words: 0)
Robinson was treated at a physician's office for a cut over his left eyebrow and a possible sprained knee . (Filtered Words: 0)
He moved over to the desk and stood looking at the papers on it but not touching anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prior to and since 1960 the rest of the support allotment is matched at rates related to the fiscal capacity of the State , with a pivot of 40% State ( or 60% Federal ) participation in total program costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deliberately , she ignored the yelp . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know it's not part of the bargain , and your elders might not like it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's within a hundred of what [FILTERED] had '' , he declared . (Filtered Words: 1)
Russia has showed its intentions by exploding bombs in peace time to try to frighten the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Geneva must remain a sovereign state . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no cash around ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Blackman called the porter and had him remove everything but one bottle of brandy , and after that they would have a cocktail or two before dinner , or , on one of their walking trips , beer , or , in France and Italy , wine in moderation . (Filtered Words: 0)
List the kind and quantity of things the farm can be expected to produce in an average year . (Filtered Words: 0)
It permits referrals under certain circumstances even when there is a labor dispute , provided the individual is given written notice of such a dispute . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hurry , Frank ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] would not have been alarmed if she saw [FILTERED] with an ax or hatchet in his hand . (Filtered Words: 2)
In his report to the Attorney General , the hearing officer suggested that the petitioner be exempt only from combatant training and service . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seemingly , with an unrestricted flow of ideas , all will be well , and we are even assured that `` an idea a day will keep the sheriff away '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the main , this course took the following directional high roads . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is a basis in fact for the exaggerations of the folk-lore beliefs . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He says I'm to take the message '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of us , that is , except me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he would realize they were really things that only he himself could think . (Filtered Words: 0)
he is very close to being a mental case . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can well understand your curiosity . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] yelled . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here and there (Filtered Words: 0)
God knows that [FILTERED] and the rest often were , and remain , guilty of intellectual flatulence . (Filtered Words: 1)
He called the Cuban tractor plan an outright blackmail action , and noted that in war `` you can't buy yourself out and that's what we're trying to do '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said he had not heard of anybody else . (Filtered Words: 0)
The features of his face are distinct , but not fine . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] administration moves haltingly toward a Geneva conference on Laos just as serious debate over its foreign policy erupts for the first time . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since rococo music tends to be pretty and elegant above all , it can seem rather vacuous to twentieth-century ears that have grown accustomed to the stress and dissonances of composers from Beethoven to Boulez . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mavis smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gradually they emerged as men . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sixty miles north of New York City where the wooded hills of Dutchess County meet the broad sweep of the Hudson River there is a new home development called `` Oakwood Heights '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
but he believed in the Jew-as-enemy in a kind of abstract , theological way , like a member of a cult speculating on the nature of things . (Filtered Words: 0)
We did 80 miles an hour across a hard dirt road to a cluster of shacks . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President helped her a lot by selecting some lovely colored dresses to get her started . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thoroughly Wised up . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the midst of it all , Mr. [FILTERED] came out on the Pod porch , alone . (Filtered Words: 1)
) Here again Mr. [FILTERED] could not lightly accept the principle of wholesale judicial legislation . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was draped with snowy napkins that kept hot a platter of oyster salt roast and a mound of corn fritters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inevitably this means some compromise . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am told the time will soon come when women will find it necessary to do most of their own work , and even now it is important to have conveniences for the use of servants . (Filtered Words: 0)
While I was sitting at one of the rewrite telephones with my derby and my great beard , Arthur Brisbane whizzed in with some editorial copy in his hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is an extraordinary sense of presence in all of these recordings , apparently obtained at least in part by emphasizing the middle and high frequencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she decided to stay at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the late afternoon Mando came back to fetch us , and we drove to the Acropolis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unless we keep our eyes on the horizon ahead , we shall fail to bring ourselves on target with the present . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can relive history and follow , in fancy , the Crusaders in their quest for the Holy Grail as they sail out from Brindisi , an ancient town in the heel of Italy's boot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without math the men who are continually seeking the causes of and the reasons for the many things that make the world go 'round would not have any means of analyzing , standardizing , and communicating the things they discover and learn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reply : (Filtered Words: 0)
The connective system , or network , is tailored to meet the requirements of the objective , and it is therefore not surprising that a military body acting as a single coordinated unit has a different communication network than a factory , a college , or a rural village . (Filtered Words: 0)
Individual help best (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of these chewing troubles , a child may avoid certain foods he needs for adequate nutrition . (Filtered Words: 0)
She knows the power of the sex urge and how to use it to manipulate her husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
The set of all binomial distributions is called the family of binomial distributions , but in general discussions this expression is often shortened to `` the binomial distribution '' , or even `` the binomial '' when the context is clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
of the stereotyped Negro servants chanting hymns as they plow the fields ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right , step back '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In the story of [FILTERED] and the Corn Law agitation , the Crimean War , the American Civil War , and the franchise struggle Trevelyan reflects something of the moral power which enabled this independent man to exercise so immense an influence over his fellow countrymen for so long . (Filtered Words: 1)
They actually bristled . (Filtered Words: 0)
You will be entitled to all the advantages of a new car owner , which includes the factory guarantee and the services valid at authorized dealers throughout Europe . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the temperature reached 32-degrees-F all protozoan activity ceased ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
especially if one is travelling or dining out a great deal , their importance mounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such disks are very handy for cutting and shaping small parts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look , for example , at the Ohio Turnpike . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Tar Heel-Lotus Hanover ) and [FILTERED] ( Tar Heel-Miracle Byrd ) in 2:34 . (Filtered Words: 2)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Commencing with the death of [FILTERED] in 1899 , the name of [FILTERED] was for more than 50 years closely interwoven with the destiny of the company . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] said , `` Well , I guess we can't wait any longer . (Filtered Words: 1)
In all the turmoil , some good legislation was passed . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time there was no sound of brakes but the shrieking of women . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once covertly looking at Simms Purdew , the only man in the world whom he hated , he had seen the heavy , slack , bestubbled jaw open and close to emit the cruel , obscene banter , and had seen the pale-blue eyes go watery with whisky and merriment , and suddenly he was not seeing the face of that vile creature . (Filtered Words: 0)
It truly relives another age for the inhabitants use carriages rather than autos and old British and French forts are left intact for tourists to visit and record . (Filtered Words: 0)
An architect's sketch of the new plant is shown on the front cover . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then they had always been romping around him on these walks , yelping with delight , dashing off into the bushes on fruitless hunting expeditions , returning to jump up on him triumphantly with muddy paws . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , singing with comically plaintive earnestness , carries most of the burden and is responsible for the high spots in [FILTERED] score . (Filtered Words: 2)
Negro population in the U.S. has increased 25 per cent while the white population was growing by 18 per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] , wake up '' , he said shaking her . (Filtered Words: 1)
The vast Central Valley of California is one of the most productive agricultural areas in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ) anionic Polymerization (Filtered Words: 2)
We do not arrive at spatial images by means of the sense of touch by itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said America has nothing to fear in world competition if it dares to be original in both marketing and product ideas . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
It was merely a rationalization and ordering of new institutions of popular government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then why was he assuming the role -- the gesture and the suffering ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Omission of a subordinator pronoun , however , does not result in an increase in stress on a prepositional adverb for which the subordinator pronoun would be object . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turn the bastards over to me -- to me and my boys -- no nigger ever got what would be comin to them -- reactionary bastards . (Filtered Words: 0)
and myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The periods of high effluent BOD occurred during cold periods when operational problems with the aerator resulted . (Filtered Words: 0)
As things stand now , the local and the ecumenical tend to compete with each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of the coal seams in the nationalized British mines are twisting , narrow and very deep . (Filtered Words: 0)
More often than not he would bow to the inevitable . (Filtered Words: 0)
New England . (Filtered Words: 0)
There isn't much time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet U.S. coal is cheap enough to make foreign steelmakers' mouths water . (Filtered Words: 0)
Personally , it meant a great deal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Diethylstilbestrol . (Filtered Words: 0)
These would be paid for out of general , not payroll , taxes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The words ran crazily in his head : [FILTERED] the Mutton is scratching her nose in the rain . (Filtered Words: 1)
They raced and maneuvered for war , swinging their horses in single file and then abreast like cavalry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moritz is listed on the Longhorn roster as a right halfback , the position at which he lettered on the 1956 team . (Filtered Words: 0)
The BOD in the effluent averaged 58 mg/l , a 76-per-cent reduction over the 24-hr. period . (Filtered Words: 0)
Refill the machine to a level of Af inches with water at 100 - 109-degrees-F ( ( 38 - 43*0 C. ) and start the machine . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same consideration should govern the choice of the second-stage phosphor screen for matching with the spectral sensitivity of the ultimate sensor ( e.g. , photographic emulsion ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cast : (Filtered Words: 0)
From the point of view of syntactic analysis the head word in the statement is the predicator has broken , and from the point of view of meaning it would seem that the trouble centers in the breaking ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
However , this does not mean that a child's teeth or jaws must necessarily resemble those of someone in his family . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alone , rejected on every hand , divorced , and in financial trouble , he leaped from an eleventh-floor window of the Abbey Hotel in 1937 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The would-be sophisticate and the citybred youth adopt this air without embarrassment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fosterite bishops , after secret conclave , announced the Church's second Major Miracle : Supreme Bishop Digby had been translated bodily to Heaven and spot-promoted to Archangel , ranking with-but-after [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- Governor Tawes today appointed [FILTERED] , his administrative assistant , as Maryland's Secretary of State . (Filtered Words: 1)
I wish our doctor could have saved her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Situs of property . (Filtered Words: 0)
As soon as he could think logically again he reached for the telephone directory and found [FILTERED] home number . (Filtered Words: 1)
The view is always toward the past ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A jigger of dry [FILTERED] follows , and as the mixture stiffens , in go a hundred of the little oysters . (Filtered Words: 1)
If they were , [FILTERED] would be writing the same columns as [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] would have nothing to draw cartoons about . (Filtered Words: 3)
division four will be headed by the Navy , followed by 11 states ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
By this time there is little doubt but what election plans were complete . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meantime , over the decade of the sixties , we can hope that many other countries will ready themselves for the big push into self-sustaining growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
They could have been perfectly happy here for ten whole days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any of the antithyroid drugs , of either type , if given in large enough doses for a long period of time will cause goitre , owing to inhibition of thyroid hormone synthesis , with production of hypothyroidism . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's the truth '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parichy-Hamm (Filtered Words: 0)
I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had runaway and ten of Pappy's . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was merely another part of his weakness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Michigan offers the lovely Tulip Festival in Holland , Michigan , May 12-14 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The same taut-nerved relationship as there had been between the passengers on the plane now strained at the three of them here on the boat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore the government wanted no part of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it is expressed , at least to their taste , in a perfect form . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not break in on an armed man . (Filtered Words: 0)
We came down off the wall as if he had toppled all of us , and we crouched behind it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It never worked , naturally ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For the small diameter fibers now technically feasible and required for about 100 Af resolution , Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has arranged a campaign for governor . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Roll white clay to 3/16'' '' thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dilation accompanying elongation and the simultaneously developed anisotropy of compressibility have been related to the elongation . (Filtered Words: 0)
For one thing , this is not a subject often discussed or analyzed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sent to Montpelier by Secretary [FILTERED] , Red Cross Aide [FILTERED] had been killed , and his pilot , Lt. [FILTERED] , badly injured . (Filtered Words: 3)
This is specified by a distribution function Af such that the probability that Af lies in some region D of the stage space is Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obesity : a malnutrition . (Filtered Words: 0)
The suite has been in the same family since the early 1800's . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upper teeth completely covering the lowers when the back teeth close . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an animal was said to be `` mealynosed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Careful , don't disturb her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Helva turned her vision back to magnification and surveyed her copy critically . (Filtered Words: 0)
That finished me with Thelma . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore each binomial trial can be thought of as producing a value of a random variable associated with that trial and taking the values 0 and 1 , with probabilities Q and P respectively . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's only that I like to know where you go '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why didn't you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Company maintained a store at which products of England could be purchased and brought in goods for the new merchants on the understanding that they refrain from trading in furs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Calhoun dealt with this question in his `` Disquisition On Government '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] probably preached too much in the early days when the kid wanted to pop his bubble gum and sow his oats . (Filtered Words: 1)
No , originally he had hoped to become a concert pianist and had even performed as such . (Filtered Words: 0)
He reminded Matsuo of a similar thing he had witnessed in China . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mine warfare has in the past been directed against surface targets . (Filtered Words: 0)
But even before that , [FILTERED] had glimpsed and entered , for a moment , a certain revolutionary path in which no one had preceded him . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yes , like a father and son '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nope , just you , all the time -- sometimes I think it's the only way I'll ever get a decent partner '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The local Istiqlal and U.M.C.I.A. offices did not campaign and lost heavily . (Filtered Words: 0)
between the cities and towns of the state ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , it is small enough to get into crevices , jacket and crown margins , malposed anteriors , and the back teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note that flexural strength is not always improved by simply increasing the density , nor is the change always proportional from one formulation to another . (Filtered Words: 0)
The people everywhere had grown meanwhile in devotion to basic democratic principles , in understanding of and belief in the federal balance , and in love of their Union . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since fly cutters are one sided and not balanced , they should be used at the slowest speed available , and fed very slowly to avoid binding . (Filtered Words: 0)
There simply is not enough material available on the types of job skills that are in demand and the types of training programs that are required or most suitable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once Peter asked , `` How oft shall my brother sin against me , and I forgive him ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He retreated a step and holstered his own . (Filtered Words: 0)
Children differ widely in their emotional responses . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ain't he going to wake up '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is an over-all impression Mr. [FILTERED] strives for , an impression compounded of visual details , of a savory mixture of smells , of much loving attention to architecture and scenery , of lights and shadows , of intangibles of atmosphere and of echoes of the past . (Filtered Words: 1)
There are many grammatical misconstructions other than dangling modifiers and anatomicals which permit two different interpretations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Boston elders were great at befuddling the opposition with torrents of ecclesiastical obscurities , but [FILTERED] was better . (Filtered Words: 1)
Someone had hauled him over the side , and he had remained silent while they crossed . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the patient can perceive figure kinesthetically when he cannot perceive it visually , then , it would seem , the sense of touch has immediate contact with the spatial aspects of things in independence of visual representations , at least in regard to two dimensions , and , as we shall see , even this much spatial awareness on the part of unaided touch is denied by the authors . (Filtered Words: 0)
or [FILTERED] , who had a somewhat shaky 72 but was bound to do better ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Fiscal uniformity : advantages and disadvantages (Filtered Words: 0)
The dogs were working a trail -- lion ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She lived and was given a name . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are huge areas which have been swept by winds for so many centuries that there is no soil left , but only deep bare ridges fifty or sixty yards apart with ravines between them thirty or forty feet deep and the only thing that moves is a scuttling layer of sand . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shouted at her and told her he loved her and couldn't understand why she had upset herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The storms of the past had died away , and the great upheaval which was to mark the following century had not yet begun to disturb men's minds . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was night and day , but no setting of crops , no change of season , no generations of men . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tie was against Southeast Missouri last Friday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Swelling traffic . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few weeks ago , I read in the Bulletin that there were to be given Chinese classes in [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In some units , National Forest ownership is well blocked together . (Filtered Words: 0)
What did it matter ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh he'd not care about the Pedersen kid . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was down on Seven , [FILTERED] told me , and he'd meet us there . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` I want you to have the speakers taken out '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Surely , Captain , you did not find my name on any suspicious paper or anything '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ancient types are reassembled in gloom and foreboding to be irresistibly drawn to their destinies , but the myth fails before the modern truth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It's really rotten to drink good cognac like that , but I hadn't cared before . (Filtered Words: 0)
Physically as well as mentally I have reached the limit of my endurance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Didn't have no family -- around here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of these experiences are so important that they will be cherished forever by me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Help me up , I feel kind of stiff '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the course of our talk , [FILTERED] mentioned that he spent part of each week studying . (Filtered Words: 1)
He wore perforated , white-topped shoes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Chiefly remembered because of his incessant advocacy of `` immediate and unconditional abolition '' , he also espoused a great variety of other causes -- among them women's rights , prohibition , and justice to the Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
The method used in computing the allotments is specifically set forth in the Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is also their mathematical mean , since it is equal to half the sum of every opposing pair , all of which equal 10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guilford-Martin personality inventories . (Filtered Words: 0)
as Pike proved himself adept in the political arena , he also became a social lion in the village of Little Rock , where he served as a symbol of the culture that the ladies of the town were striving so eagerly to cultivate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proof (Filtered Words: 0)
yet here was a depth of sensibility which is lacking in a considerable portion of the beneficiaries of our civilization . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today he is a major -- in the Regular Army . (Filtered Words: 0)
To one and all -- Good Days ahead ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If the change , at first sight , seems minor , we may recall that it took the Italian painters about two hundred years to make an analogous change , and the Italian painters , by universal consent , were the most brilliant group of geniuses any art has seen . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But in such a slovenly condition '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So that's sculpture '' , commented Argiento wryly , when he had sluiced down the floor for a week , `` making mud pies '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an interferometer provides a means of absolute temperature measurement , and may be used as an alternative to the gas thermometer . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
These are but a sampling of the insults I endured . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon receipt of an application which the Export-Import Bank is prepared to consider , the Export-Import Bank will inform the Department of Economic Affairs of the identity of the applicant , the nature of the proposed business , the amount of the proposed loan , and the general purposes for which the loan proceeds would be expended . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this moment , Loveless and Means arrived , crashing through the undergrowth with their horses , and distracted her , and she ran off a short distance and jumped into a crevice between two rocks . (Filtered Words: 0)
She drank and pushed back her gingham bonnet to wet a kerchief and wipe her face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boatmen lucky enough to have facilities for year-'round anchorage for their craft , will recall the tedious procedure of loading their gear into the car , driving to the water , and making trip after trip to transfer the gear to the boat . (Filtered Words: 0)
A suggestion from [FILTERED] , a physicist in France , showed us that these electrons are not point particles but waves . (Filtered Words: 1)
As for the ladies , they were full of charm , and sincerity , and deep and abiding affection for this hurrying driving , honest , little man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again Dill hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stood there , watching [FILTERED] come in , and she put the piece of toast in her mouth and bit off one corner with a huge chomp of her white teeth . (Filtered Words: 1)
Just as I straightened up with my duffel bag , I heard : `` Sahjunt Yoorick , meet Mrs. [FILTERED] [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Nine of the league's teams play in baseball parks and therefore face an early-season conflict in dates . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the words were forming . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] was a liar and a slanderer , he was also a very canny gentleman , for nothing that Pike could do would pry so much as a single word out of him . (Filtered Words: 1)
A contributing factor is the perspective , the uniform aesthetic distance which is maintained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is determined to make this dive . (Filtered Words: 1)
His grades had gone steadily downhill , and he had stopped bringing friends and classmates home from school . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was an idea . (Filtered Words: 0)
I myself hear it said constantly -- in drawing-rooms . (Filtered Words: 0)
But dully glinting on the dark form were the buttons and badge of a policeman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Piepsam is grotesque , a disturbing parody ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If he backed against the fence , one of the cars would brush him as it passed , and he would be cruelly lacerated by the wire . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Along the way there , about one hundred yards on your right , you pass a simple restaurant , [FILTERED] , where you can have the best pizza in Rome . (Filtered Words: 1)
The assignment and use of vehicles after purchase is another matter to be covered in detail later . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Held out of Texas Tech's sweat-suits drill Monday at Lubbock was tackle [FILTERED] , who is undergoing treatment for a leg injury suffered in the Raiders' 38-7 loss to Texas A & M Because of its important game with Arkansas coming up Saturday , [FILTERED] worked out in the rain Monday -- mud or no mud . (Filtered Words: 2)
Detroit , Mich. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This letter might not have been necessary had our efforts to meet and talk with you been more successful . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He could learn at second hand from books , but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
This covered , wooden bridge is so closely identified with the first action in the early morning of June 3 , 1861 , and with subsequent troop movements of both armies in the Philippi area that it has become a part and parcel of the war story . (Filtered Words: 0)
Breakfast was at the Palace Hotel , luncheon was somewhere in the mountain forest , and dinner was either at Boulder Creek or at Santa Cruz . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Alice '' -- I stammered through dry lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
' I need rather to be baptized by you . (Filtered Words: 0)
( cf. Chapter 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it was , his vision blurred and for a moment he was unable to move . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five or so minutes later the marine abruptly pulled up and stepped into sunlight , immediately throwing his hands over his eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trees huddled more closely together , their limbs and leaves intertwined in a coarse curtain against the sun . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
a brilliant piece de resistance ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In defining personal property , it specifically mentions `` all ships or vessels , at home or abroad '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Good workmanship is important in the installation , so if you're doing your own contracting , don't award the job on the basis of price alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No helmets '' , the captain answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pilots' heads looked ridiculously small . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1959 , the Yacht Safety Bureau was reorganized by the National Association of Engine and Boat Manufacturers and a group of insurance underwriters to provide a testing laboratory and labeling service for boats and their equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
too young and thin and straight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feathertop aimed a finger at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is one thing I know ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We sent the waiter away and ate a tremendous amount of cold ham , hot hard-boiled eggs and hot garlic bread . (Filtered Words: 0)
Confabulation has come to determine structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cleveland , Ohio ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They serve cracked wheat , oats or cornmeal . (Filtered Words: 0)
One additional lane would then be directional with the traffic burden and effectively increase the traffic carrying capability of the East River Drive by fifty percent . (Filtered Words: 0)
On June 6 , 1958 , General Motors submitted its objections to the Government's proposal . (Filtered Words: 0)
sugar sprayed with a hiss that was loud in the silence . (Filtered Words: 0)
at last , alarm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is chairman of the committee , which includes Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , 2d , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 15)
No fold could be accidental , each turn of the drapery had to serve organically , to cover the [FILTERED]'s slender legs and feet so that they would give substantive support to Christ's body , to intensify her inner turmoil . (Filtered Words: 1)
Transylvania Symphony Conductor Pfohl said yesterday that Mrs. [FILTERED]'s Social Secretary , [FILTERED] , told about plans for White House youth concerts before the National Symphony Orchestra League in Philadelphia last spring . (Filtered Words: 2)
He snuck up on the ham like [FILTERED] , gumming it with soft , stumpy teeth , then panting with thirst , lapping up the water in the lagoon , swelling up like a balloon , staggering home to be sick , while his mother said , `` That does it . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` They are the most efficient '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that such a list cannot be constructed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , locking the room or stateroom door gives privacy of location , but it is equally important to be sure there is time enough for an utterly unhurried fulfillment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The content is not the same , however : rather than individual security , it is the security and continuing existence of an `` ideological group '' -- those in the `` free world '' -- that is basic . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Clerfayt may moon on about the face of Death in the cockpit ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now , [FILTERED] , now . (Filtered Words: 1)
Their having family ties on our plantation & the adjoining one would be a stronger inducement '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No more could he defend himself against them . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had caught him off guard , no preparation , nothing certain but that ahead lay some kind of disaster . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did he show the rest of the cast -- numbering four thousand -- the consideration of arriving at the studio punctually -- or even at all ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
After a few minutes he said , `` I can't use you if you dance like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe to have supper . (Filtered Words: 0)
unfortunately , no one has kept complete records of one individual , whereas many have been made for a very short period of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She's invisible tonight . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm not saying you're yellow . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't forget the foreign press '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the other people there were listening ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled to herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last the White House is going to get some much-copied furniture by that master American craftsman , [FILTERED] , whose designs were snubbed in his lifetime when the U. S. Presidents of the 19th Century sent abroad for their furnishings . (Filtered Words: 1)
He has become in this half century the grand old man of American history . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was saved from making the decision as the phone rang , and the girls were upon me instantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had a pocketful of money , which was unusual when I was in the army , and the plane would be grounded all night . (Filtered Words: 0)
( opposite page , top left ) : Red clay was used , rolled 1/2'' '' thick . (Filtered Words: 0)
As examples at GE : [FILTERED] , formerly manager of the Turbine Division , widely recognized as a turbine designer . (Filtered Words: 1)
Data on such comparisons together with data on the effect of light intensity are given in Table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] did not have much humor in his make-up , but he managed a mirthless smile . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Providence Daily Journal , however , stated that [FILTERED]'s courage , bravery , and heroism `` in a good cause would make a man a martyr ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Although it was a mere fragment of the victim's remains , it was enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
But that year was different , for just as the city , in the form of my street clothes , had intruded upon my mountain nights , so an essential part of the summer gave promise of continuing into the fall : [FILTERED] and I , about to be separated not by a mere footbridge or messhall kitchen but by the immense obstacle of residing in cruelly distant boroughs , had agreed to correspond . (Filtered Words: 1)
I don't think he'd mind too much if he were sure you'd decided not to be a rumdum in the future '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] for . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was wounded , but fought on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Faced with a gesture like [FILTERED] , I find usually that my sentiments are closer to those of my sculptor friend . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Reed Rogers Da Fonta Wild Life Sanctuary in Marin county on Friday officially became the property of the National Audubon Society . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've come for [FILTERED] body '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Never in other sections has there been the opportunity for the genuine down-to-earth discussions about the feelings of both spouses during various stages of pregnancy . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Congress wants to displace the states from areas which they have customarily occupied , let it do so knowingly and explicitly . (Filtered Words: 0)
More often , these offices are restricted to the gathering of empirical data . (Filtered Words: 0)
These contour diagrams also suggest a rather rapid falloff in the radio brightness with latitude . (Filtered Words: 0)
and a Jesus who , though lean , was strong even in death a look he remembered well from his experience in the dead room of Santo Spirito . (Filtered Words: 0)
Makes necessary purchases , places contracts , supervises construction , installation , finishing and placement of furniture , fixtures and other correlated furnishings , and follows through to completion of project '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several companies also saw possibilities in using the technique for extruding or molding vinyl products with a slight cellular core that would reduce costs yet would not affect physical properties of the end product to any great extent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The principles used in making each arrow for Figures 3 and 4 were applied to the construction of Figures 5 and 6 as well as all figures in the Appendix . (Filtered Words: 0)
I recommend to the Congress the establishment of a permanent Peace Corps -- a pool of trained American men and women sent overseas by the U.S. Government or through private organizations and institutions to help foreign countries meet their urgent needs for skilled manpower . (Filtered Words: 0)
The silicate fractions of stony meteorites show gallium / germanium ratios similar to those of tektites because they too have undergone melting at some point in their histories . (Filtered Words: 0)
One day , [FILTERED] had told him ( smiling , patting him on the back ) as they walked to the weekly conference of squad leaders , `` Keep it up , your squad is good , one of the best , keep it up , keep up the good work '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gen. Swing has received public attention before this for abuse of some of the prerogatives of his office . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wife is likely to be young , sophisticated , smart as a whip -- often a girl who has sacrificed a promising career for marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , the time of death . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf Dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing sun of a bich com to sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . (Filtered Words: 0)
They also furnish proof that , in modern war , message sending must be monitored . (Filtered Words: 0)
The three personality inventories ( Guilford ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All of these towns will require adjustments of both their fiscal and tax collection years . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of Hillsboro , [FILTERED] of North Plains and Lorlyn and [FILTERED] of Hillsboro . (Filtered Words: 3)
Another common cure was to soak the feet five or ten minutes in warm water , then to apply a solution of equal parts of soda and common brown soap on a kid bandage overnight . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm used to all three , but I think the French have the healthiest attitude '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taking account of the fact that such a move on our part would be unpopular in world opinion , he argued that the responsibility of the United States is `` to do , confidently and firmly , not what is popular , but what is right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion integrates and unifies . (Filtered Words: 0)
If nothing is produced , there is no obligation to repay . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the frames and transom are set up on the jig and temporarily braced , a piece of three-inch-wide mahogany ( only widths will be given since the 13/16-inch thickness is used throughout ) is butted between frames one and two below the line of the keelson . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps no church father saw this concurrence of the unique and the universal as clearly , or formulated it as precisely , as Irenaeus . (Filtered Words: 0)
An examination of some forty catalogs of schools offering courses in interior design , for the most part schools accredited by membership in the National Association of Schools of Art , and a further `` on the spot '' inspection of a number of schools , show their courses adhere pretty closely to the recommendations . (Filtered Words: 0)
When her right hand was incapacitated by the rheumatism , [FILTERED] learned to write with her left hand . (Filtered Words: 1)
You could wish that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Along each side of the room were six tiered bunks , each one screened off with a curtain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sharp , burning colors of his body stood brilliant and plain against the black soil , like a target . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experimental and results (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] spoke on the subject of scholarships for Juniors -- with which he is very familiar . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , a major factor in binding dirt is the attraction between surfaces that goes under the name of Van der Waal's forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
The light supper over , [FILTERED] went to him and , slipping an arm about his shoulder , sat on his knee . (Filtered Words: 1)
We went there a couple of times to swim and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly . (Filtered Words: 0)
They also want money , prestige , and security . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeks `` improved fielding '' (Filtered Words: 0)
The nonreactors had been separated into two groups on this assumption with the presumably `` secure '' nonreactors and `` secure '' reactors being used as the groups for comparative personality studies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] admitted the slaying and said that the son-in-law became her lover after the death of her daughter in 1934 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The cost of land and the prospects for appreciation in value may influence your decision . (Filtered Words: 0)
but my primary aim is to transcribe what Englishmen themselves are saying and writing and implying about the Roman and Anglican Churches and about the present religious state of England . (Filtered Words: 0)
Crystal data (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , thank you . (Filtered Words: 0)
As `` a matter of fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in any case , , and what is more , every one attempting such solution has found that in most cases there have remained a great many components of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the mantic or prophetic power of dreams '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was to get involved in no arguments ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the figures which held his attention became a group of shattered trees , standing like the grotesques of a medieval damnation scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can work on this one while I'm gone , kill it if you want '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The petition said that the couple has not lived together as man and wife for more than a year . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said quietly , gaining nerve , ready to ask any question at all , no matter how intimate , ready to be rebuffed , `` Then why did she leave Israel ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Pain shot up [FILTERED]'s arm clear to the shoulder , but [FILTERED] seemed hardly aware that he had been hit . (Filtered Words: 2)
I ought to remember . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1817 the lawyers were generally debating the legal inviolability of private contracts and charters . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one and the same time , she was within it but still searching for the drawbridge that would give her entry . (Filtered Words: 0)
All tourists come to Florida . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cell dimensions , number of formula units per cell , space group , and specific gravity are given for all substances . (Filtered Words: 0)
A half-dozen other stations in the New York area also bid for attention of the city's Negro population , up about 50 per cent in the past decade . (Filtered Words: 0)
) what it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll have to call in the brain trust . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington , June 18 (Filtered Words: 0)
Only Walter Lippman envisioned the possibility of our having `` outlived most of what we used to regard as the program of our national purposes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Power . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I forgot . (Filtered Words: 0)
for since it is nilpotent , the minimal polynomial for this operator is of the form Af for some Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The third time rather urgently . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new version states : `` How blest are those who know that they are poor ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was because of this chain-reaction as much as for any other reason -- that is , because of the growing independence of the planar unit in collage as a shape -- that the identity of depicted objects , or at least parts of them , re-emerged in Braque's and [FILTERED]'s papiers colles and continued to remain more conspicuous there -- but only as flattened silhouettes -- than in any of their paintings done wholly in oil before the end of 1913 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The impression was unmistakable that , whatever one may choose to call it , natural law is a functioning generality with a certain objective existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before they could guess his intention Rankin stepped forward and swung the guard's own gun against the uncovered head , hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Greatest thing that ever happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Someone'll tell Papa '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Part of it was the weather , so foggy it would take me twice as long to get to the hospital . (Filtered Words: 0)
Continuing technical problems involved in the use of this fuel , coupled with significant improvements in aircraft range through other means , have now raised serious questions about the value of the high-energy fuel program . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly one of the most important comments that can be made upon the spiritual and cultural life of any period of Western civilization during the past sixteen or seventeen centuries has to do with the way in which its leaders have read and interpreted the Bible . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inner life of congregations will prosper so long as like-minded people of similar social and economic level can fraternize together ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When all else fails , it is argued that open sessions slow down governmental operations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The firms to receive the questionnaires were selected with this objective in mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
There does not seem to be any reasonable basis for distinction either in terms of the nature of the tax attribute or in terms of tax-avoidance possibilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire , and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Richmond , Va. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , I do not doubt that , among the people at the U.N. that day , there were Stalinist and professional revolutionists acting out of the most cynical motives . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , technical difficulties arise by melting at local hot spots . (Filtered Words: 0)
That , at any rate , is what happens at the Khaju bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fall of Rome , the discovery of precious metals , and the Protestant Reformation were all links and could only be explained and understood by comprehending the links that preceded and those that followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In some instances a seventh question can be added : 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abreaction of her anxiety and guilt concerning the death of her parents , when linked up with her current feelings of anger and her fears of loss , abandonment , and annihilation , produced further relief of tension . (Filtered Words: 0)
New rule no. 4 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
Down the boulevard he could see a portion of the ghetto wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
We now shall show that any involution with these characteristics is necessarily of the type we have just described . (Filtered Words: 0)
Felons were cured by taking common salt and drying it in the oven , pounding it fine , and mixing it with equal parts of spirits of turpentine ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Some people believe she did . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the low yield of the Selkirk plots and the ravages of grasshoppers in 1818 that led to the dispersal of the settlement southward . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fell on his side across the lowest step , rolled over once , then lay still . (Filtered Words: 0)
For it had turned out , by a further paradox of Cubism , that the means to an illusion of depth and plasticity had now become widely divergent from the means of representation or imaging . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gulf Coast . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Mayor is finding it awkward to campaign against his own record . (Filtered Words: 0)
What a discussion can ensue when the title of this type of song is in question . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the first glass of [FILTERED] d'Yquem or [FILTERED] is a great deal better than the last '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 2)
He said , `` I'm not going to leave my wife and my car out here in sight of those '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My name is [FILTERED] , missy . (Filtered Words: 1)
but if it had been , it had been smothered until now by fear ) : you could tell it by the way she watched the older , bigger boys , like [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Instead of quelling the dissension , as many captains of the era would have done ( Sir [FILTERED] lopped a man's head off under similar circumstances ) , [FILTERED] decided to be reasonable . (Filtered Words: 2)
Then in 1893 Dr. [FILTERED] became president and the college's great awakening began . (Filtered Words: 1)
What did it matter ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Also noted are the marriages of [FILTERED] , daughter of the George L. Brownings , to [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
There was no doubt in my mind that if I crossed him , mobs would appear outside our windows shouting `` Paredon ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The interesting thing about Mr. [FILTERED]'s approach , and the approach of the contributors to The Agreeable Autocracies ( Oceana Publications , 1961 ) to the situation of American civilization , is that it is concerned with comprehending the psychological relationships which are having a decisive effect on American life . (Filtered Words: 1)
Drill 20 No. 47 holes in the upper piece `` A '' as shown in [FILTERED]. 7 . (Filtered Words: 1)
As to our action , let us align ourselves with the purpose expressed by Jesus in the Lord's Prayer : `` Thy kingdom come , Thy will be done , on earth as it is in heaven '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't worry '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Warsaw ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
All of this must be taken into account before the image of an `` all-Negro '' D.C. public school system is conjured up . (Filtered Words: 0)
The slim pirogues in harmony with the majestically meandering Mekong River . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This one is a tender chicken , oui ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance , there have been two Presidential Commissions on higher education since World War 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That is only partly non-nonsense '' , he began . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know you ain't '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Their world turned black . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the colder climes , for instance , you will have to live through the many unglamorous winter months when your pool will hardly look its best . (Filtered Words: 0)
A quick touchdown resulted . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said : `` You'll feel a lot better after you have a bath . (Filtered Words: 0)
; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Three of the four persons present , all foreign students in Tokyo , had been playing a game of judging popular Japanese foods by the In and Out system , an equation in which Zen philosophy was used as the modifier . (Filtered Words: 0)
and that not from yourselves , for it is the gift of God ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Texts and translations are provided . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of Catholics' being obliged or even encouraged to beget the greatest possible number of offspring , as many Non-Catholics imagine , the ideal of responsible parenthood is stressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's the Pedersen kid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Salt and pepper each breast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sweating so much ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Snow or no , the fans were present in force at the Metropolitan Opera last night for a performance of the [FILTERED] work . (Filtered Words: 1)
The figure was so theatrically dressed , that it was as though a character from some other play had blundered into this one . (Filtered Words: 0)
I heard nothing more . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned and went back across the field to his dugout . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon the office work claimed all her time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctors had suggested Scotty remain most of every afternoon in bed until he was stronger . (Filtered Words: 0)
The occasion for this marathon : Angel's long-awaited reissue in its `` Great Recordings Of The Century '' series of the Schnabel-Pro Arte version . (Filtered Words: 0)
The curious relationship between Holmes and Scotland Yard provides an important clue to the deeper significance of his eccentric behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
Social control . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeing me he said with real surprise , `` Well , well , ain't we honored ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
With childlike innocence she wrote of the Indians as `` walking with fruit and umbrellas in their hands , with the tawny children around them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What about Ballestre '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Hell , sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
Monument to togetherness (Filtered Words: 0)
Make a paste of brown sugar and mustard and spread lightly over scored surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Analytical Cubism came to an end in the collage , but not conclusively ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the lush and historic charm of the South . (Filtered Words: 0)
They enjoyed lemonade and cookies served before and during the concert by teenage sons and daughters of members of the White House staff . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now a quiet-spoken , middle-aged man , Fiedler is an aeronautical engineer for Lockheed's Missiles and Space Division at Sunnyvale , where he played a key role in the development of the Navy's Polaris missile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern physics has developed the theory that all matter consists of minute waves of energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Generally , they go to school with a girl named [FILTERED] , who lives down the block , and has a car . (Filtered Words: 1)
These observations indicate that the lunar maria heat up more rapidly and also cool off more rapidly than do the mountainous regions . (Filtered Words: 0)
I want you here . (Filtered Words: 0)
One shot vs. prepolymer (Filtered Words: 0)
He also expanded and modernized the radio system with a central control station . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sufficient lay-offs of union employees to bring about a 10 per cent cut in the union payroll expense . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mmm '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , from within the still , sleeping house , the telephone had rung ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Pt. 2 , Ch. 5 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A complete plan (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] bounced to her feet and slammed the door . (Filtered Words: 1)
Parker was never excommunicated . (Filtered Words: 0)
crossed himself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He worked in oil for years before beginning his work in watercolor , and his first public recognition and early honors , including his election to the Academy , were for his essays in the heavier medium . (Filtered Words: 0)
rim-fire auto with a tubular magazine that holds 18 Long Rifles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The figure was wreathed in an extraordinary luminescence . (Filtered Words: 0)
I been riding train for a ways now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Transpiration cooled anode with carbon anode holder (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing was going to be done this year to celebrate [FILTERED]'s bold and unsuccessful defense of Rome . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] said fiercely . (Filtered Words: 1)
But the hospitals and doctors should be . (Filtered Words: 0)
His friend [FILTERED] was with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
I used the alias of [FILTERED] , gave the first three letters and the first and last figure of the license number on the agency heap , but a couple of phony numbers in between . (Filtered Words: 1)
The customer loses again (Filtered Words: 0)
Damned if that wasn't a sailing ship standing out of the old harbor -- Porto Vecchio . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt lonely and depressed as I stared out the bus window at Chicago's grim , dirty West Side . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least I had been unable to lay hold on the experience of conversion . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Giffen decided to charge him interest on the loan from [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] readily assented , vowing that in a matter of dollars and cents , his brothers would never have any cause to complain of him . (Filtered Words: 2)
After an unspeakable siege , lasting the better part of two months , it was announced that the studio `` owed '' the government a tax debt in excess of eight million dollars while I , who had always remained aloof from such iniquitous practices as paying taxes on the salary I had earned and the little I legally inherited as [FILTERED]' helpless relict , was `` stung '' with a personal bill of such astronomical proportions as to `` wipe out '' all but a fraction of my poor , hard-come-by savings . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Chamber of Commerce elections were , of course , an important event in the preparation for rural commune elections . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Aristotle agree on some vital literary issues . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1948 , [FILTERED] Do Amaral , the noted Brazilian herpetologist , wrote a technical paper on the giant snakes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Photos showed later that she'd been about six feet from Means . (Filtered Words: 0)
The absolution of Doaty's last will and testament was proof enough of that ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
a friend of mine removing her from the curio cabinet for inspection was felled as if by a hammer , but he had previously drunk a quantity of applejack . (Filtered Words: 0)
The subject of immortality brings to mind a vivid incident which took place in 1929 at Montreux in Switzerland . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not any more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus Af where the maximization is over all admissible policies Af , and Af is related to Af by ( 5 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pre-attack reconnaissance is vital but only post-attack reconnaissance will allow us to terminate the war favorably . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Please don't go inside [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A Peace Corps official described the editorial as `` precisely the message we need to communicate to the men and women who will soon be Peace Corps volunteers '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Get moving '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The steeple leaned backward , while the church advanced like a headless creature in a long , shapeless coat . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were all completely shrouded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Services tomorrow (Filtered Words: 0)
It's quite a big one '' , he added . (Filtered Words: 0)
He came home overheated , ran straight to the ice-chest , and gulped shivery cold water . (Filtered Words: 0)
And for the thousandth time , I answered myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Axioms required to make the theoretical machinery operate are set out tersely and powerfully , so that all permissible operations within the theory can be traced rigorously back to these axioms , rules , and primitive notions . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is , to begin , an important sex difference . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of Scotch-Irish-Scandinavian descent , [FILTERED] was born in County Down , Ireland . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is perhaps no value statement on which people would more universally agree than the statement that intense pain is bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet such is the dramatic power of his writing that the audience is nevertheless left in the grip of the terrible power and potency of that which came over Salem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thompson himself said : `` I want to enjoy once more the pleasure of bare walls waiting for new pictures '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , he was cooking , washing dishes , bathing the children , and even ironing -- and still his wife refused to have relations as often as he desired them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finding sources for these high quality foods is a problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll travel 50 feet or more when thrown from the spring trap but it's almost impossible to break one after it passes the 35-foot mark . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then [FILTERED] , Kansas City catcher , singled up the middle and [FILTERED] was across with what proved to be the winning run . (Filtered Words: 2)
British traders from South Carolina incited the Indians against the French , and there developed French and British Factions in the tribe . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be the second time the assistant manager of a Coral Gables restaurant and his wife have taken part in the twice-a-year ceremonies for families with new babies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The engineer turned works manager had a particular view of life -- and refused to change it . (Filtered Words: 0)
it has been , many times . (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic objectives in each instance are to make available supplies of food during the intervals between harvesting or slaughter , to minimize losses resulting from the action of microorganisms and insects , and to make it possible to transport foods from the area of harvest or production to areas of consumption . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for the paid Hessians from other states , we are here to instruct the Indiana Democracy in their duty , I have nothing but contempt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he attacked the two officers again and was again restrained , Slate related . (Filtered Words: 0)
The slaves never shared in their profits , while they did share , in a very real sense , in the profits of the slave-owners : they were fed , clothed , doctored , and so forth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This is precisely what happened when the Puerto Ricans arrived in their thousands -- and the bitterness thus caused is , as I write , being fought out all up and down those streets . (Filtered Words: 0)
The spectrometer was adjusted to minimize the amount of dispersion mode mixed in with the absorption signal . (Filtered Words: 0)
More new addresses (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty shrugged slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
I stalled him off . (Filtered Words: 0)
everyone was flipping silver dollars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fulton legislators `` work with city officials to pass enabling legislation that will permit the establishment of a fair and equitable '' pension plan for city employes . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is not so well known , however , and what is quite important for understanding the issues of this early quarrel , is the kind of attack on literature that [FILTERED] was answering . (Filtered Words: 1)
Most children love the animated puppet faces and their flexible bodies , and they prefer to see them as though the puppets were in action , rather than put away in boxes . (Filtered Words: 0)
nor is there need to add that among them are some of the most highly individualized and most successful of his characters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Volume 3 , is nearing completion and there are plans to revise Volume 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Properties : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Will you always love me this way '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Poor John was the kind of stock that keeps a bargain without whimpering and maybe bends over backward to keep a bad one . (Filtered Words: 0)
God in Heaven , I can't refuse you now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Getting elected president of the student body took a lot of time and politicking . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I want the fish served whole , with head and tail '' , the epicure explained , `` and serve it with lemon in mouth '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , but breakfast first '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
for the mice , we restrict attention to litters of eight ( Af ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When he left , she knew she would never see him again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Especially in the way Gladdy had turned out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The door opened and three men and a woman in a sari swept past him and down the stairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another great danger is that the emerging middle class will feel itself increasingly alienated from the political leaders who still justify their dominance by reference to the struggle for independence or the early phase of nationalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the mood is not quite nostalgic -- Hardy would not allow sentiment to soften his sense of the irredeemable pastness of the past , and the eternal deadness of the dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ask Whitey for a job '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five minutes later they reached the horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
we're on even terms . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't done it this time and he would never again hit anyone so hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unspeakable tortures or even execution might well be their fate . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one of these he said were notes on the identities of the eighty-one refugees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , and only then , with the Jacksons and [FILTERED] as their true guests of honor , did the Harrows take time to catch up on the news . (Filtered Words: 1)
In addition , the Office's domestic trade program provided consultant services to those seeking information on establishment of new businesses ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Place a suitably-loaded barbell across them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This may require imagination and reminding himself that now he can be demanding and self-centered . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's nothing out here but rattlesnakes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we don't think she creates them . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , in this case the district manager was led to see the errors of his ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , you could . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' At other points in his narrative , Krim associates Jewishness with unappeasable literary ambition , with abstraction , with his personal turning aside from the good , the true , and the beautiful of fiction in the manner of [FILTERED] to the international , the false , and the inflated . (Filtered Words: 1)
Every winter a kegful of this sauce was made and placed at the end of a row of four other kegs in the cellar , so that when its turn came , it was properly mellowed . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the 6 , the ( upper ) Yellow River in the Northwest . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is she who decides the time , the place , the surroundings , and the frequency of the sexual act . (Filtered Words: 0)
And that is just what happened on the last few holes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Whaddya say , boy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Thanks to [FILTERED] and the terrible strain he imposed on me , the notices were few and unfavorable . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] knew none of this . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] the Mutton is scratching her nose in the rain '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
These regional differences of sensitivity to pain may be of crucial significance during the earliest intercourse . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , for ten years I've been murdering women . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does this man live in a neighborhood where all are free loaders unwilling to help themselves , but ready to demand that `` the community '' help and protect them ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And in the Prokofieff C major [FILTERED] , with [FILTERED] as soloist , he was an admirable partner . (Filtered Words: 2)
There are more obvious nymphomaniacs on any private-eye series . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the agreements calls for the New Eastwick Corp. to purchase a 1311 acre tract for $12,192,865 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' , Calenda said , his voice still quiet . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- A Houston teacher , now serving in the Legislature , proposed Thursday a law reducing the time spent learning `` educational methods '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a big man , wearing a neat flannel shirt against the cold foothill air . (Filtered Words: 0)
A combo was staying there . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's a good chance you are doubling on some coverage , not taking discounts coming to you and not cutting some corners that can be cut . (Filtered Words: 0)
Concrete blocks are passed between the beams and put on the boards . (Filtered Words: 0)
Halting , [FILTERED] turned to survey him deliberately . (Filtered Words: 1)
Griffith had confronted [FILTERED] on the building's front steps -- [FILTERED] had been permitted no further -- and backed him against a wrought-iron railing . (Filtered Words: 1)
as a result buyers , the public , must be satisfied with second-rate teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
My Cousin Simmons carried a musket , but he had loaded it with bird shot , and as the officer came opposite him , he rose up behind the wall and fired . (Filtered Words: 0)
One said , `` When I get a cold I buy a bottle of whiskey for it , and within a few hours it's gone '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do not overfill the chamber . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the demand for demythologization is unavoidable and so must be accepted by theology unconditionally , the position of the `` right '' is clearly untenable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mortar was equipped with dummy shells and the recoilless rifle was deactivated . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got up slowly , and she was already on her feet , and he stood facing her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Legion Convention and [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
Poland (Filtered Words: 0)
Change in pitchers . (Filtered Words: 0)
I used his polarity to illustrate what I thought had happened to us in that form of liberalism we call Progressivism . (Filtered Words: 0)
He advanced on them , and abruptly there was a shocked electricity in the car . (Filtered Words: 0)
Believe me ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The first diatomic hydride investigated by the paramagnetic resonance method was the OH radical . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eight years ago while we were going through the mud-sweat-and-tears construction period , we were each solaced by the vision of early morning dips and evening home-comings to a cool family collected around the pool with a buffet table laid out nearby for the lord and master's delectation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Lighting one he pitched it into the crevice , and the lioness left off mauling the dogs and departed . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said to him , her father , `` How was I begotten , in pain or joy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For a number of years , Wesleyan has been drawing varied groups of political and business leaders into these informal discussions with members of the faculty and student body , attempting to explore and clarify aspects of their responsibility for public policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
And they have done this on a very large scale , with a veritable flood of novels and stories which are either dystopias or narratives of adventure with dystopian elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
In late childhood the influence of the group on the social behavior of the child continues to increase ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a simple ivory crucifix which my mother had given me . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- 'scuse me , sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
metabolic responses to reduced oxygen tension ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The method used in computing the allotments is specifically set forth in the Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] from Mercer Island , Wash. ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Well now , [FILTERED] , you don't have to snap at me '' , Eugenia said . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was [FILTERED]'s second run batted in of the game and his only ones of the year . (Filtered Words: 1)
But it would not come . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the same bar , and it was two weeks later -- Saturday night , when he had an excuse to drink heavier than usual . (Filtered Words: 0)
348 U. S. , at 412-413 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recent research on Irenaeus , however , makes it evident that he does not consistently maintain this distinction . (Filtered Words: 0)
the scene looked like a Christmas card . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the nonspecific staining by the Af in tumor sections was considered bright enough to be confused with the staining of small amounts of WTV antigen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Housewives are finding literally hundreds of ways of getting the maximum use out of traditional designs , says Mr. [FILTERED] and they are doing it largely because Colonial craftsmen had `` an innate sense of the practical '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
But they never said anything , so he figured it was all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
But let us return , after this gruesome interlude , to our willow catkins in the spring ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Dress all surfaces with a file , cleaning off all solder and drilling burrs . (Filtered Words: 0)
In each case , having separate systems for living and sleeping areas has the advantage of permitting individual zone control . (Filtered Words: 0)
The knowledge in virtue of which a man is an historian is a knowledge of what the evidence at his disposal proves about certain events '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His face was still creased in pain as he studied the underside of his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How come your bows is always cockeyed '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
By the time he was under the covers he had forgotten about seeing [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
She found this a marvel because , as she said , only six per cent of English people are churchgoers . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no hint of a violent struggle now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Commercial interest is chiefly in this type of treatment , as is military interest under peacetime conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the end of the trial [FILTERED] disappeared from New York . (Filtered Words: 1)
We can't expect any help from the fighters at Foggia , either . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was followed by a comprehensive series of observations of the 1.25-cm emission of the moon over three lunar cycles by Piddington and [FILTERED] ( 1949 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Community shelters are , of course , necessary for those having no space for shelter . (Filtered Words: 0)
We call them lay-sisters and they go among the [FILTERED] making friends and bringing the light . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] paused for breath . (Filtered Words: 1)
Exactly 2 times ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Cecil Mason of Hartford , Conn. , was best man for his brother , and groomsmen were [FILTERED] 3 , of Houston , Dr. [FILTERED] of Houston and Conrad McEachern of New Orleans , La. . (Filtered Words: 2)
Tolerance and compromise , social justice and civil liberty , are today too often in short supply for one to be overly critical of [FILTERED]'s emphasis on their central place in the English tradition . (Filtered Words: 1)
That halted the rush . (Filtered Words: 0)
By means of geographical isolation and high fertility rates , inbreeding can be fostered and the pattern of isolation from the greater society maintained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too light a feed , particularly with metal or other hard material , causes overheating of the tool and burning of the cutting edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
U Thant of Burma (Filtered Words: 0)
The last few years have witnessed what have been perhaps the most rapid advances in military technology in history . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You remember them , I suppose '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We have set up a central R & D department , as well as engineering-management departments -- about 80 people working on problems related to those of our plants . (Filtered Words: 0)
U.S. coal is cheap , despite high wages , because of widespread mechanization of mines , wide coal seams , attactive rates on ocean freight . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are many ways of producing a foamed urethane product . (Filtered Words: 0)
5.4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
a woman who was willing to give him love , faith , and anything else a woman could give a husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the 1960-1961 season , The Carleton Players have announced Blood Wedding by [FILTERED] , The Knight Of The Burning Pestle by Beaumont and Fletcher and A Moon For The [FILTERED] by [FILTERED] , with a pre-season production of The [FILTERED] Menagerie by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 5)
Then it is replaced and fastened . (Filtered Words: 0)
And certainly , in the case of the beginner or the comparatively uninitiated wine drinker , the palate and the capacity for appreciation will not be ready for the Grands Crus as a steady diet without frequent recourse to crus of less renown . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was generous with her encores and the audience was equally so with its cheers and applause and flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was standing in front of the mirror , tightening his tie . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' , [FILTERED] had said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Behind him , his mates stirred without waking . (Filtered Words: 0)
On one wall was the brass front of a row of mailboxes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not a pet . (Filtered Words: 0)
But still , the proposition is worth examination . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interfaith communication need not be regarded as an unfortunate burden visited upon us by the necessity of maintaining diplomatic relations with our adversaries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Restudy what your men do , to help them waste less of the time you pay for (Filtered Words: 0)
But it was only [FILTERED] reaching around the wire chicken fencing , which half covered the truck cab's glassless rear window . (Filtered Words: 1)
In one way the Institutes and Societies do a disservice to the schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your past history is resplendent with the fruits of the intellect . (Filtered Words: 0)
This fact is evident in the recruitment of new members . (Filtered Words: 0)
The design of orthographies has received much less attention from linguists than the problem deserves . (Filtered Words: 0)
I went off with [FILTERED] , who maintained that if he didn't see to me , he didn't know who would . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` the matters to be considered are obviously of a grave character , and I therefore respectfully request that the hearing be postponed for two weeks in order that I might make adequate preparation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ground his teeth together . (Filtered Words: 0)
Extensions are not granted as a matter of course , and the reasons for your request must be substantial . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was waiting for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Or must it become law by amendment of the United States Constitution ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
-- To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 10 to 25 grams per ton of complete feed . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's what was on my mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is particularly acute for those who attended Midwood High School directly across the street from Brooklyn College . (Filtered Words: 0)
E . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every detail in his interpretation has been beautifully thought out , and of these I would especially cite the delicious laendler touch the pianist brings to the fifth variation ( an obvious indication that he is playing with Viennese musicians ) , and the gossamer shading throughout . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a need for an expanded Federal effort to provide research and information to help guide state education departments and local school boards in existing programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] couldn't remember his saying any such thing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Would you like to see my work '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Same as with the Popes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The service is brief and variety in forms of worship is practiced . (Filtered Words: 0)
corporations , being more amorphous , cannot . (Filtered Words: 0)
total disinterest (Filtered Words: 0)
The audition was held a few minutes later in somebody's apartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beccaria had almost stumbled on a lead to the relationship between electricity and magnetism when a discharge from a Leyden jar was sent transversally through a piece of watch-spring steel making its ends magnetic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many buildings (Filtered Words: 0)
The Lalauries were at the top rung of the social ladder , and even a jury didn't feel privileged to doubt the veracity of so illustrious a lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
At right is a casual style in a crushed unlined white leather . (Filtered Words: 0)
She has studied and observed and she is convinced that her young man is going to be endlessly enchanting . (Filtered Words: 0)
He dialed it and listened to it ring ten times before he hung up . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked down at his big hands and slowly flexed his long fingers . (Filtered Words: 0)
You have probably experienced this . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could produce carefully constructed orations , set and formal speeches , artfully and prayerfully made by writing and rewriting with all the aid his tutor and others could provide , and then delivered verbatim from memory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Good Little Girl ( Good Time-Mynah Hanover ) 2:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Many rate increases already have been put into effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the evening that they were to sail , [FILTERED] himself gave a party , but he was too indisposed to appear at it . (Filtered Words: 1)
I followed it , looking at the brilliant colors on its tubular back , the colors clear and sharp and perfect , in orange and green and brown diamonds the size of a baby's fist down its back , and the diamonds were set one within the other and interlaced with glistening jet-black . (Filtered Words: 0)
I tried not to act scared . (Filtered Words: 0)
The contribution of this paper is a demonstration of this proposition , and an exploration of some of its implications . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , like many of you here present , I hold as the highlight of all , the occasion of my first meeting with the honorable Speaker of the House . (Filtered Words: 0)
method of distributing funds (Filtered Words: 0)
To be passive , to be girlishly shy was palpably absurd . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten years ago , he had come to the house to be interviewed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now '' , he said , `` we got to put in some outlets for them power tools ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This co-operation in this matter will provide both for the necessary sharing of this burden and in bringing about still further increases in mutually profitable trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because God is what He is , the laws of the universe , material and spiritual , are what they are . (Filtered Words: 0)
The waves may keep coming for many hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
They explained its absence in others on the basis of an intervention of control factors . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she does indicate festivities will start early , that a jazz combo will `` give with the Basin Street beat '' during the cocktail and dinner hours and that [FILTERED] orchestra will take over during the dancing . (Filtered Words: 1)
The horses seemed to know these by instinct , he used to say : such places invariably had stables with superior feed bins . (Filtered Words: 0)
Less than 60-1 , but at least 6-1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early in the nineteenth century the State of New Hampshire was casting about for a way to found its own state university . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe that's your forte . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the classroom teacher , however , who has daily contacts with pupils , and who is in a unique position to put sound psychological principles into practice . (Filtered Words: 0)
too young and thin and straight . (Filtered Words: 0)
The students crowded around asking questions , slapping me on the back , and generally being friendly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spent long hours before the TV spitting out promises of revenge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cigarette butts littered the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the case of a purely inertial autonavigator consisting of three restrained gyros , a coordinate system is used where the sensitive axis of the X accelerometer is parallel to the east-west direction at the base point , and the Y accelerometer sensitive axis is parallel to the north-south direction at the base point . (Filtered Words: 0)
This must be stressed because it is absolutely essential to the argument of this concluding chapter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
That might go over . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thanks anyhow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Purpose and scope (Filtered Words: 0)
He seemed to be looking at a point above the little window . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the prevention or treatment of acetonemia ( ketosis ) in dairy cows . (Filtered Words: 0)
Relative military manpower ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Ever since the hooch , and the trouble with the [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] and the child . (Filtered Words: 2)
Unlike [FILTERED] , who at times seemed almost anti-intellectual in his earthy pragmatism . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Great Smoky Mountains is another area of the South well worth a visit . (Filtered Words: 0)
But one day came the voice of a man I had known when he was a boy , and I later remembered that this boy , thirty years before , had struck me as coming to no good . (Filtered Words: 0)
So it is too with many other spirits which we all know : the spirit of Nazism or Communism , school spirit , the spirit of a street corner gang or a football team , the spirit of Rotary or the Ku Klux Klan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place your Power Stands in position and adjust their height so that this will correspond to the height of your shoulders when you are in a deep leg split as for a heavy Clean . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the economic front , the first priority of these countries is to mobilize a vastly increased volume of resources . (Filtered Words: 0)
More for nursing homes (Filtered Words: 0)
So I got out . (Filtered Words: 0)
New York lay bleaching in the summer sun , and the morning fish hawk , flying in the heated air , saw below him the long triangular wedge of Manhattan Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was a kid I wasn't around '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wally was snoring on the davenport . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nate '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
the slaves were to remain as wage laborers for his account . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no idea how much time Budd would give him . (Filtered Words: 0)
probably occur in the horse much as in the human being ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It made no sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public . (Filtered Words: 0)
for navigation aids to give accurate bearings to ships and aircraft ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Denouncing the view that the sexual union is an end in itself , the Conference declared : `` We steadfastly uphold what must always be regarded as the governing considerations of Christian marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inside , bunks are framed up and installed as indicated . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are beginnings , but correctly learned they prepare for satisfying and exciting stunts that can be performed by a strong , flexible body ( we are not talking of eccentric extremes ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is its incidence among the various classes and subgroups of the population ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Cobb's assent was tight . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually Lewis would find at headquarters one or more of The Prince's various nieces . (Filtered Words: 0)
There , along the east bank of the Southern Bug , opposite the hamlet of Zhitzhakli a few miles north of the Black Sea , he arrived at General [FILTERED] of the Russian Army . (Filtered Words: 1)
The other is that the charge for cabanas and parasols , though modest from an American point of view , still is a little high for many Athenians . (Filtered Words: 0)
She snarled warningly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plastic signs are economical . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was fatherly in his handling of all subjects with me and tremendously wise in his counsel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally it will be dictated to a large extent by the shape and size of your land . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pupil assignment . (Filtered Words: 0)
In another approach to the same procedure , the content of the readings is analyzed so as to see how the particular medium is likely to slant her statements . (Filtered Words: 0)
With classical art , all is settled . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would take time ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He scratched his mosquito-plagued neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
We , therefore , considered the `` suggestion '' an insult to our intelligence , ethics , [FILTERED] , etc. . (Filtered Words: 1)
These remarkable ships and weapons , ranging the oceans , will be capable of accurate fire on targets virtually anywhere on earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
I never could find out what his business was . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is also the rate of photographing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nerves tight as a bowstring , he paused to gather his wits . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's ten o'clock . (Filtered Words: 0)
the 2 , the San Kiang ( three rivers ) in the ( then ) Southwest ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Later this can be combined with the handstand to provide a walkover . (Filtered Words: 0)
But then one day , while on a week's visit to the country home of a retired Swiss jeweler , [FILTERED] amused the company with a few little melodies he had written , to which he attached no great importance . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` This is the sort of stuff I write and then throw away '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The foregoing factors are pertinent to the analysis of perceptual images and the broad conditions under which they achieve realism or fall short of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
to [FILTERED] , the sum of ten thousand dollars ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
More new addresses (Filtered Words: 0)
The major studios maintain a cadre of film librarians and research specialists who look to this matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trio who shared the most-valuable honors were introduced by [FILTERED] , sports editor of the Post-Dispatch . (Filtered Words: 1)
Their burgeoning popularity may be a result of the closing of the 52nd Street burlesque joints , but curiously enough their atmosphere is almost always familial -- neighborhood saloons with a bit of epidermis . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we let them go , they won't stay away , they'll find men to ride with them and they'll be back . (Filtered Words: 0)
All that day and Monday I drank just enough to orbit but not make deep space . (Filtered Words: 0)
First go over the type of coverage you now have . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then I have seen the pride of country well in the eyes of these young people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should the action be unilateral or multilateral ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What [FILTERED] life proves to us all is the magnificent lesson in political science that one can devotedly and with absolute dedication represent the seemingly provincial interests of one's own community , one's own district , one's own State , and by that help himself represent even better the sweep and scope of the problems of this the greatest nation of all time . (Filtered Words: 1)
The first choice , abandoning tests entirely , would not only be unpopular domestically , but would surely be exploited by the Russians . (Filtered Words: 0)
but this obligation pertains only to countries which are honestly seeking to become responsible members of a stable and forward-moving world community . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their suburban cottage the crown charges , the Krogers received secrets from the mystery man , usually on the first Saturday evening of each month , and spent much of the week-end getting the secrets off to Moscow , either on a powerful transmitter buried under the kitchen floor or as dots posted over period marks in used books . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the recent political campaign two charges were leveled affecting the question of power , and I think we might begin by trying to put them into proper focus . (Filtered Words: 0)
( An unheated greenhouse would have been better , if I had had one . (Filtered Words: 0)
When did you last compare your present premium costs with the costs of insurance from other sources ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For destruction of insects -- about 25,000 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
Only the top of the head , with a spot bare and white as a clamshell , remained visible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is making arrangements for a reception ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The various stress-temperature coefficients for constancy of volume and strain , constancy of pressure and strain , and constancy of pressure and length have been interrelated . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] demanded . (Filtered Words: 1)
Tillie was a fine midwife and could get here quick , he suggested . (Filtered Words: 0)
The watch was valued at $125 and the earrings at $85 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Tar Heel-Kaola Hanover ) , formerly called Karet Hanover , has been rather a problem child , but is getting better all the while and can pace a twice around in about 2:31 . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` There is a man named [FILTERED] who is the foreman in charge of the bricklayers at Majdanek . (Filtered Words: 1)
Microscopic examination (Filtered Words: 0)
The newspaper too is the favorite habitat of the anatomical . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even so , many of the things that happened to [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] seem inordinately severe . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Cleaned all them Rebs out'n the hills , they did ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
( I myself have identified about sixty sites , from the old maps and registers . (Filtered Words: 0)
the Cooch Terpers (Filtered Words: 0)
But she was beyond caring what she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Volume 1 , was completed in 1941 and published in 1944 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cut the piece about 9/32'' '' or 5/16'' '' long and drive it into the No. 31 hole drilled in the locking bar . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rocking has the ambiguous function of keeping the erotic undercurrent silent and making it present ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They indicated that no new errors were being made and that all old errors would be corrected `` within 60 days '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Or would it be easier if I put my hands in my pockets '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] devoted its centenary issue last December 8 to mapping out various aspects of Catholic progress during the last one hundred years . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Hell , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
From 1 July 1958 to 30 June 1960 , 24 numbers of the Journal and nine of the Bulletin were published . (Filtered Words: 0)
He strode to answer the bell . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was wearing her dark hair in two , thick braids to attain an `` American Girl '' effect she thought was appropriate to Halloween . (Filtered Words: 0)
So if you are made of atoms , you are just a big machine ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Stilts and Shadow , on Pam's bed , appeared to be one cat -- rather large , as Siamese cats go , and , to be sure , having two heads and two tails . (Filtered Words: 0)
And everyone went to work to learn the parts which he wrote . (Filtered Words: 0)
The liquid phase photochemical reaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
C'mon -- 'mon ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If the Union conceded this to them , the same right must be conceded to each remaining state whenever it saw fit to secede : This would destroy the federal balance between it and the states , and in the end sacrifice to the sovereignty of the states all the liberty the citizens had gained by their Union . (Filtered Words: 0)
The note paper was pink , too , and the handwriting small and dainty and utterly feminine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now it would be up to me to keep the little girl out of mischief . (Filtered Words: 0)
As with the penultimate [FILTERED] release ( Wolff's abridgment for RCA Victor ) I find the cleaner , less razor-edged monophonic version , for all its lack of big-stage spaciousness , the more aurally tolerable -- but this may be the result of processing defects in my SD copies . (Filtered Words: 1)
I drew diagrams and floor plans ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Like his friend and contemporary August [FILTERED] he had little patience with collective mediocrity . (Filtered Words: 1)
They had been kind to us and we were indebted to them for one or two pleasant dinners , and for information as to where to shop , which dentist , doctor , plumber , and sitter to call ( not that there was much of a choice , since Catatonia was just a village ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It could reach key tactical points faster than infantry and destroy them or hold them as the case might be for the foot soldier . (Filtered Words: 0)
Barton's voice was rougher than Dill had ever heard it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was true that they could be approximated , but would the Ozagenians understand these approximations ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This is far from acknowledging or recognizing those efforts as an accomplished fact . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] replied with blasts that scandalized the congregation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Competition from other steamship lines has cut Cunard's share of sea passengers from one-third to one-fourth and this year the line showed a marked drop of profits on the Atlantic run . (Filtered Words: 0)
( H ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Or was the answer less metaphysical ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
My parents' welcoming arms would seem woeful , inadequate , unwanted . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hardly believed his reason himself any more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Earlier this month [FILTERED] , director of the United States Information Agency , came to Hollywood and had dinner with more than 100 leaders of the motion picture industry . (Filtered Words: 1)
She also banks into a turn like a fine runabout -- not digging in on the outside to throw passengers all over the boat like many a small cabin cruiser . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the mid 1950s , when urethane foam first made its appearance in the American market , growth has been little short of fantastic . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't want to stir things up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone called . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sink in the hinged panel above the bunk drains into the head and a five-gallon water tank is mounted on the bulkhead above the sink . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You have it , all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
The world is constantly changing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Stein estimated this amount at `` about $1,500 or $1,600 a month '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What happens when there's no more water '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kahler continued : `` I fixed his dog the other day and I guess he's sore , so I expected him to come barging in '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A shielded thermocouple was used to measure the upstream temperature of the transpiring gas . (Filtered Words: 0)
One other paper deals with a phonologic problem : [FILTERED] In Igbo , by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
-- (Filtered Words: 0)
As you can see , in this Push-Pull Super Set the entire chest-back-shoulder area is vigorously exercised in alternate sectors by alternate exercises so the complete torso remains pumped-up all the time ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Okay ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` On the basis of the facts '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he showed this model as his `` solution '' as to how the Howe sewing machine operated , he was told he was `` wrong '' , and discovered to his amazement that the Howe Machine , which was unknown to him in detail , used two threads while the one that he had perfected used only one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gavin stood on the porch , a thin figure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Increase expected (Filtered Words: 0)
Other FBI men , talking with the pilot from the tower , conspired with him to delay the proposed flight to Havana . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is usually conscious of the social pressures at home and outside ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Grumbled [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The images can easily be aligned with a high degree of accuracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
They offered no opinions , volunteered nothing , betrayed no emotions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next , estimate the value of possible earnings of the farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dad . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet certain aids were valuable and quite credibly necessary for reciting long stretches of verse without a pause . (Filtered Words: 0)
By this time large numbers of the audience had left the hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
she relaxed a little , and some of the tension went out of her . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know all about you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pockets of his jacket bulged . (Filtered Words: 0)
The eyeteeth ( third from the middle on top , counting each front tooth as the first ) beginning to protrude like fangs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wondered how they could go on in poverty , superstition , ignorance , with a complete lack of desire to make either their land or their lives flourish . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aim to balance your employee benefit package . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should she wake him ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She kept the dolls on the Lincoln bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , gently , he shoved her behind toward [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Please , you just go ahead '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Change in pitchers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theirs is no mere lack of sympathy , but something closer to the passionate hatred that was directed against Fascism . (Filtered Words: 0)
We experience a vague uneasiness about events , a suspicion that our political and economic institutions , like the genie in the bottle , have escaped confinement and that we have lost the power to recall them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has a pleasant sense of humor and is modest enough to admit mistakes and even `` a cardinal error '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purified product was stored at -78-degrees in a tube equipped with a break seal . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you use one of the new year-round cooling system fluids such as `` Dowguard '' be sure to check it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Handle men . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the war , we set up schools for the teaching of psychological warfare , which included the teaching of propaganda , both black and white and the various shades of grey in between . (Filtered Words: 0)
One more muddleheaded play like that one and they'd be leading him away . (Filtered Words: 0)
The deeds of this team , through two seasons and in the two World's Series that followed , have been written and talked about until hardly a word is left to be said . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
he is a recluse , an incredible egotist , a confirmed misogynist . (Filtered Words: 0)
The entry DIOCS must be written exactly as shown . (Filtered Words: 0)
We now know that things rarely ever work out in such cut-and-dried fashion , and that car loadings , while perhaps interesting enough , are nevertheless not the magic formula that will always turn before stock prices turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fudo , the god of wisdom , was also thought of as the Japanese version of Acala . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though sex in some form or other enters into all human activity and it was a good thing that Freud emphasized this aspect of human nature , it is fantastic to explain everything in terms of sex . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is generally conceded that the Formosan air force is the best by far in Asia , and the army the best trained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two of the vital qualities demanded of a politician by other politicians are that he always keep a confidence and that he keep his word . (Filtered Words: 0)
Using a wide stage resourcefully he mingled music and dance with [FILTERED]'s words in a spirited mixture . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the forest highway system , there are now 24,400 miles of public roads . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was no trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he had succeeded well , we agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Trim away excess clay ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In a book review of `` The Soviet Cultural Offensive '' , he says , `` Long before the State Department organized its bureaucracy into an East-West Contacts Staff in order to wage a cultural counter-offensive within Soviet borders , the sharp cutting-edge of American culture had carved its mark across the Russian steppes , as when the enterprising promoters of ' Porgy And Bess ' overrode the State Department to carry the contemporary ' cultural warfare ' behind the enemy lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had done all I was going to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now comes this ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
So far as I am concerned , the child is unmistakably father to the man , despite the obvious fact that child and father differ greatly -- sometimes for the better and sometimes for the worse . (Filtered Words: 0)
one who is thoroughly human , who affects no dignity , and who is endowed with real ability , genuine worth , and sterling honesty -- all dedicated to secure the best interests of the country he has loved and served so long . (Filtered Words: 0)
Regency -- Truman . (Filtered Words: 0)
That meeting produced the `` spirit of Camp David '' -- a spirit , it later turned out , that masked a basic misunderstanding about progress toward a Berlin settlement . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , it is literally a picture window : you don't see into the viscera ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When you're less fatigued , things just naturally look brighter . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Waiting For Godot '' sells even better in America than in France . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sure '' , he said , and lifted the pint to his own lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is beyond the province of this epilogue to cover policy questions of such depth and range . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , when first penetration takes place , the pressure and pain signals may involuntarily cause all the vaginal muscles to contract in an effort to bar the intrusion and prevent further pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
A realistic `` concert of free nations '' might be expected to consist of an `` inner community '' of the North Atlantic nations and an `` outer community '' embracing much or all of the non-Communist world . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
auto , this one with a seven- or 12-shot clip . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Um '' , said the old lady , and brought her eyes down to the tray . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time there has been an upgrading and expansion of municipal services as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
His mind scurried frantically , seeking an exit . (Filtered Words: 0)
If there was a fire or a flood he would save Mama first and Violet next . (Filtered Words: 0)
I must have a powerful representative here , a firm with a national distribution and ten , twenty thousand dollars to advertise my products . (Filtered Words: 0)
See page 24 for a complete report on it . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm usually a very strong woman , but I'm awfully tired '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He followed Mr. [FILTERED] up the cellar stairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
For crucial encounter (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of the important individual and social action has been owing to religious incentives . (Filtered Words: 0)
Houston police got to know [FILTERED] two years ago when the vice squad picked her up for questioning about a call girl ring . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was , however , fortunate in his contact with Prof. [FILTERED] ( 1769-1842 ) , teacher of chemistry , who , in addition to his academic chair , was also proprietor of the `` Lion Pharmacy '' in Copenhagen where Oersted assisted him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The new birth is Christ living in you by faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
On a misty Sunday morning last month , a small band of militant anti-Communists called the Minutemen held maneuvers in a foggy field about fifteen miles east of here . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was exposing herself to temptation which it is best to avoid where it can consistently be done . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wrote eloquently to [FILTERED] that impartial history was not only impossible but undesirable . (Filtered Words: 1)
They were bifocals . (Filtered Words: 0)
I gave it to the woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
A minor who has gross income of less than $600 is entitled to a refund if income tax was withheld from his wages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the 1946 disaster there have been 15 tsunami in the Pacific , but only one was of any consequence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] went with me on the train to Nara . (Filtered Words: 1)
He hesitated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Seems that the kid Wally had hired had a repair business of his own going on the side . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the ships are very slow now , and we don't get so many sailors any more '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
12 . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Theoretical discussion of paraxial device resolution (Filtered Words: 0)
it is true that they are also extremely dull . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] [FILTERED] , batting lovely big eyes behind glitter rimmed glasses . (Filtered Words: 2)
The North should thank its stars that such has been the case ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Christ in you , your hope of glory . (Filtered Words: 0)
When all of the rinse water has passed from the reservoir to the tubs the main drains are lowered to permit complete draining of the tubs . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
RCA Victor has an ambitious and useful project in a stereo series called `` Adventures In Music '' , which is an instructional record library for elementary schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
The White House had chewing gum until it could chew no more , and every Christmas , Mr. [FILTERED] sent the President a check for $100 , to be divided among all the help . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the dignity , the influence , and the power of the legislative branch of our Government -- it is a privilege for us to do honor to this great man who represents not alone his own district but all the people of our country . (Filtered Words: 0)
In and in and in they poured through the gates of [FILTERED] , but they never left , and [FILTERED] was not growing any larger . (Filtered Words: 2)
Calhoun dealt with this question in his `` Disquisition On Government '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among some recent imports were seat covers for one series of dining room chairs on which were depicted salad plates overflowing with tomatoes and greens and another set on which a pineapple was worked in naturalistic color . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` God's name , what are you to rob the dead with the fight going on '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Some special health requirements might have to be met . (Filtered Words: 0)
And shivering with shame , he crawled to the narrow end of the rock and spat into the water . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experimentally , we expect independence when the trials have nothing to do with one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not to deny the existence of pogroms and ghettos , but only to assert that these horrors have had an effect on the nerves of people who did not experience them , that among the various side effects is the local hysteria of Jewish writers and intellectuals who cry out from confusion , which they call oppression and pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I would like to enact a little tableau this afternoon '' , Rector said , He explained about the visit and the effect he wished to create , the picture of a very busy mission . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stevie twisted and , frantically , commanded the mare to leap straight ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
In designing his home fallout shelter there is nothing to prevent a man from planning to shelter that home's occupants , `` plus-one '' -- so he will be able to take in a stranger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abstract (Filtered Words: 0)
If we return to them today , we have no difficulty spotting their weaknesses but we find them still pleasing . (Filtered Words: 0)
I swear it , sir '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now , I believe Poor John'll work just a little harder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before deriving this formula , we explain what we mean by `` problems of this kind '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is an arbitrary retirement age of 65 actually costing your plant money ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone had taken her away from him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am referring to this country conducting atmosphere tests of nuclear bombs just because Russia is . (Filtered Words: 0)
C'est merveilleux '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before merging them into a common profile it is well to remember that their separate careers were extraordinary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of answering you , he sticks his head in the door and shouts up the stairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the bitter end , and [FILTERED] seemed to know he was destined to failure . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ankara , Turkey , Oct. 24 ( AP ) (Filtered Words: 0)
She had jumped away from his shy touch like a cat confronted by a sidewinder . (Filtered Words: 0)
He and Sarpsis planned a great parade with the young men . (Filtered Words: 0)
A volunteer food brigade had been arranged , they told me , which would supply me with the necessities as long as I remained at the bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hauled back on the stick and felt his cheeks sag . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] tested the leg and found that he was able to hobble around on it . (Filtered Words: 1)
At a third stage in the modernization process are such countries as India , Brazil , the Philippines , and Taiwan , which are ready and committed to move into the stage of self-sustaining growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the most favorable assumptions for increase , the Bureau of the Census projects that the annual rate of household formations will rise from about 883,000 in the last two years of the Fifties to an annual rate of about 1,018,000 in the first five years of the Sixties , and to a slightly higher annual rate of 1,083,000 in the second half of the decade . (Filtered Words: 0)
The smooth curve of her neck , very white against hair which curled against it like petals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor in South Georgia , where the summer sun shines warmly and gives early life to the things growing in the flat fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
His later boastings of his skill with the small sword are indicative of much time and practice devoted to the use of that weapon . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm a missionary '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The existence of road systems permits an intensity of management and use for all National Forest purposes that is not otherwise possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
But now [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
How do you tell a college president that your son doesn't know what he wants to do ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Where are you , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] scanned the skies , the boards , and the skies again . (Filtered Words: 1)
Those who would suppress dangerous thoughts , credit ideas with high potency . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time , added to that which I had already spent in school prior to my induction in 1954 , makes a total of twenty-two ( 22 ) years of education . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you measure its relation to reduced absenteeism , turnover , accidents , and grievances , and to improved quality and output ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
that they can give up their control and allow themselves to be reactors rather than actors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feeds and speeds (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You may have seen me on TV '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the weight of feeling was heavily in the opposite direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some were clearly of Christian origin , among them the Great Awakening and other revivals which helped to make Christian liberty , Christian equality , and Christian fraternity the passion of the land . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
A Pennsylvania soldier wrote that `` they were the hardest looking set of men that ever I saw . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gesticulated wildly . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` He's okay . (Filtered Words: 0)
The seemingly quiet ocean had crashed a wall of water from 10 to 100 feet high upon beaches crowded with bathers , drowning thousands of them and flattening villages along the shore . (Filtered Words: 0)
The four Kabalevsky Preludes were also assured , rich in color and songful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Annual authorizations of $15 million were added for area vocational education programs that meet national defense needs for highly skilled technicians . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the school year , 1959-1960 , the Prince Edward County ( Virginia ) Board of Supervisors voted not to provide funds for public education , and the school board therefore could provide no public education -- for white or Negro children . (Filtered Words: 0)
To have applied statewide the decisions of the two cases heard in Superior Court , in my opinion , would have placed us clearly out of compliance with the Wagner-Peyser Act and would have immediately opened the way for the Secretary of Labor , were he so inclined , to notify the Governor of such noncompliance , set a date for hearing , and issue his finding . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cathode consisted of a 1/4'' '' diameter thoriated tungsten rod attached to a water cooled copper tube . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many churches find the Sunday school hour to be the most practical time for adult preparation classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Money for its construction will be sought later on but in the meantime the State Hospital board can accept gifts and donations of a site . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , we must find Saxons in East Anglia , Kent , Sussex and Hampshire in the last half of the fourth century . (Filtered Words: 0)
But barring a miracle , and don't hold your breath for it , Chicago will not see the Leningrad-Kirov Ballet , which stems from the ballet cradle of the [FILTERED] and is one of the great companies of the world . (Filtered Words: 1)
Others meet on Sunday night , at the mid-week service , or for a series of four nights . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presupposed in [FILTERED]'s system is a doctrine of levels of insight , in which a certain kind of detached understanding is alone capable of penetrating to the most sublime wisdom . (Filtered Words: 1)
The demand for these lots can be met for some time to come . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is given some expression in Beardsley's notion of harmony and the resolution of indecision . (Filtered Words: 0)
The average annual rate of 1,083,000 in the second half of the Sixties is still considerably below the annual rate of 1,525,000 in the three-year period from April 1947 to March 1950 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a mound of bleached human bones and skulls at the base of the big wooden derrick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody ever appreciated his jokes as much as Sabella . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
He served `` with '' him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is most important that we recognize the law of love as being unbreakable in all personal relationships , whether individually , socially or as between whole nations of people . (Filtered Words: 0)
The white girl with the penetrating green eyes sipped the lemonade handed to her by a handsome man of about 30 , who had coppery skin and beetling eyebrows . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is scheduled to go forward at a rate which will steadily add to our strength . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gyrocompass alignment is an automatic heading system which depends upon the characteristic of one gyro to establish true heading . (Filtered Words: 0)
So widen it as to minimize the present curves and eliminate drainage problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
Observing that `` reforms sometimes begin with the contemplation of horrible examples '' , Hough catalogued the many abuses encouraged by existing procedures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kitti was thirty years younger [FILTERED] , taller [FILTERED] , prettier [FILTERED] had any right to hope for , much less expect . (Filtered Words: 1)
His company then carried out a confused retreating movement until it was surrounded by the Germans , a few days before France capitulated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under their rule , earth becomes a technological utopia . (Filtered Words: 0)
and her close knowledge of individual students . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was proud that he had never worn a wig . (Filtered Words: 0)
How does the local realtor see himself in the context of housing restrictions based on race , religion or ethnic attachment ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The six miles between the towns became an ocean and the Alperts became a family of strangers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have a thousand things for you to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result was that the rate of venereal disease in the American Army was the lowest in our military history . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over-achievers were at least one standard deviation above the regression line in their school system . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a man here in town . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eugenia suspected her of deliberately overturning the heater because she was getting tired of dragging it back and forth and still wanted her own way , but Hope said if [FILTERED] wouldn't have the heater nobody would have it , so [FILTERED] had to give in . (Filtered Words: 2)
It became so monotonous as to seem a part of the quietness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although we continue to pay our conversational devotions to `` free private enterprise '' , `` individual initiative '' , `` the democratic way '' , `` government of the people '' , `` competition of the marketplace '' , etc. , we live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas , bureaucracy is corroding representative government , technology is weakening the citizen's confidence in his own power to make decisions , and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the ground '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wrote : `` ( P. 211 ) the anti-trust laws were the answer of a society which unconsciously felt the need of great organizations , and at the same time had to deny them a place in the moral and logical ideology of the social structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some forms of capitalism do indeed work -- superb organizations , a credit to any society . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ideal of a liberal education impresses itself upon the students more and more as they move through college . (Filtered Words: 0)
While details are still to be worked out , [FILTERED] said he expects to tell home folks in Dallas why he thinks [FILTERED]'s proposed constitutional amendment should be rejected . (Filtered Words: 2)
Federal review of state decisions (Filtered Words: 0)
It just won't be easy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The governor's move into the so-called `` blue law '' controversy came in the form of a letter to Miss [FILTERED] , deputy city clerk of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] , backed up by [FILTERED] who will be within calling distance in the minors , make up better second line catching than the Birds had all last year , but [FILTERED] is still that big man you need when you start talking pennant . (Filtered Words: 3)
Jaggers' iron control over her ( `` she would remove her hands from any dish she put before him , hesitatingly , as if she dreaded his calling her back ) '' ) rests on his having once got her acquitted of a murder charge by cleverly contriving her sleeves at the trial to conceal her strength and by passing off the lacerations on the backs of her hands as the scratches of brambles rather than of human fingernails . (Filtered Words: 0)
She enjoyed great parties when she would sit up talking and dancing and drinking all night , but it always seemed to her that being alone , especially alone in her house , was the realest part of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was [FILTERED]'s monumental tactlessness . (Filtered Words: 1)
He does not mean , in fact he addresses himself specifically to reject the proposition , that `` if we took the risk of surrendering , a new generation in Britain would soon begin to amass its strength in secret in order to reverse the consequences of that surrender '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
$75 by 1976 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] obtained a supply of crepe hair and spirit-gum from an actor at the Friars . (Filtered Words: 1)
When [FILTERED] , the New York Yankees' man of muscle , drives a home run 450 feet into the bleachers , his feat touches upon the sublime . (Filtered Words: 1)
therefore , in the investigation of the present hypothesis , it was necessary to control this factor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any more than they have the sense to eat mussels . (Filtered Words: 0)
A 6-year study of the transport properties of air at elevated temperatures has been completed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The very proposition was sacrilege . (Filtered Words: 0)
He flew about the place making these adjustments and it was obvious that what he was doing was the fruit of long experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
They did not `` duck the war '' but they fought in it , however reluctantly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
From the east to the west coast of the Korean peninsula was a strip of land in which fear-filled men were at that same moment furtively crawling through the night , sitting in sweaty anticipation of any movement or sound , or shouting amidst confused rifle flashes and muzzle blasts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clerfayt of `` Heaven Has No Favorites '' resembles Portago only in that he is male and a race-driver -- quite a bad race-driver , whereas Portago was a good one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Marlene ( surname : Adamo ) , 25 , a Brazilian divorcee who learned the dance from Arabic friends in Paris , now lives on Manhattan's West Side , is about the best belly dancer working the Casbah , loves it so much that she dances on her day off . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll call you there in ten minutes '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Player began with a birdie on the first hole , added five straight pars and then another birdie at the 9th . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the latter sample , 944 persons had been studied two years earlier ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Onset Profile and Completion Profile are constructed to serve as norms for children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boats as personal property (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor is she a wet boat . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bulk of the press corps was covering Rheinholdt's conference . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tougher than plastic , it wears well . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] would -- (Filtered Words: 1)
burned each hand when they came groping again . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he died before she did , she would never be unable to resist opening it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan immediately disposed his troops for action and found he had not long to wait . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the House pariah . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is evidence to suggest , in fact , that many authors of the humorous sketches were prompted to write them -- or to make them as indelicate as they are -- by way of protesting against the artificial refinements which had come to dominate the polite letters of the South . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beneath his clutch , a flat strip of muscle surged on the bone . (Filtered Words: 0)
And with Progressivism the Religion of Humanity was replacing what [FILTERED] called Christian supernaturalism . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` If I have seemed to emphasize the structure of the composition , I mean to project equal concern for color . (Filtered Words: 0)
9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dead fledgling birds , their squashed-looking nakedness and the odor of decay that clung to the hand when they had been buried in our graveyard in front of the purple flags . (Filtered Words: 0)
She drew on all her resources of mind and heart to help them -- to make them at home in the world ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Potemkin's Army of Ekaterinoslav , totaling , it was claimed , 40,000 regular troops and 6,000 irregulars of the Cossack Corps , had invested Islam's principal stronghold on the north shore of the Black Sea , the fortress town of Oczakov , and was preparing to test the Turk by land and sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
His goal was to obtain a National League team for this city . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1948 , [FILTERED] Do Amaral , the noted Brazilian herpetologist , wrote a technical paper on the giant snakes . (Filtered Words: 1)
I think I'm right in that figure . (Filtered Words: 0)
A contradiction ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind him on the steps of the little office sat old man [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Lemma 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , would not the young female public of Washington be afforded a greater degree of protection at night when they are on the streets if they were accompanied by a dog on a leash ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Grant ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Soviets said to fear resurgence of German militarism (Filtered Words: 0)
Now comes this ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
His fellow Virginian , [FILTERED] , had stated , `` I believe no event was ever received with more heartfelt joy '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Can't say yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shorter booking , but still a booking . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked her severely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feathertop made an elaborate motion with his hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
God help you if she knows where she's been '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His first desire was to create a mother and son alone in the universe . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said the matter was urgent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Control of the government -- such control as there was and such government as there was -- passed into the hands of [FILTERED] , chief of staff of the Congolese army . (Filtered Words: 1)
certainly the awakened alarm over the comic books and the continuous concern over prurient literature indicate some peripheral aspects of this influence . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My father and mother died when I was two years old '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her name was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dr. [FILTERED] holds an earned Doctor of Education degree from the University of Oklahoma . (Filtered Words: 1)
She smiled , and the teeth gleamed in her beautifully modeled olive face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , symbolic names may have previously been assigned to these same index words . (Filtered Words: 0)
All for $14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
the marking nut , used for ink and varnish ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] silenced them . (Filtered Words: 1)
Furthermore , the hydrolysis of paraoxon was studied in mammalian sera , and it was found that it is hydrolyzed by albumin ( or a factor attached to it ) in addition to arylesterase . (Filtered Words: 0)
A royal decree issued in 1910 , two years after the Belgian government assumed authority for the administration of the Congo , prescribed the registration of all adult males by chiefdoms . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is reserved for the squares . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the famous [FILTERED] case , a suit was brought against the union by the Loewe Company for monopolistic practices , e.g. , trying to persuade consumers not to purchase the product of the struck manufacturer . (Filtered Words: 1)
No , they must look the other way and climb one more painful step up the ladder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , gentlemen , I am getting to the point , to my point . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Uh-huh '' , [FILTERED] admitted . (Filtered Words: 1)
Finally [FILTERED] said , `` What must be , must be . (Filtered Words: 1)
Part of this headquarters staff , however , are engineering managers who work between divisional chief engineers and headquarters management . (Filtered Words: 0)
It increases flexibility of the legs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now a distinguished old man called on nine divinities to come and join us . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you hurry you might beat the headquarters boys '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet the spirit which lives in community is not identical with the community . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A night policeman just like in the States . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said : (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s reforms ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
I heard nothing more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Direct loans are those made by SBA alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Opportunities for Christian service (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I guess '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others assisting (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon after 10 A.M. , when police reached the 1-1/2-story brick home in the Franklin Manor section , 15 miles south of here on the bay , in response to a call from the [FILTERED]'s other son , [FILTERED] , 14 , they found Mrs. [FILTERED]'s body on the first-floor bedroom floor . (Filtered Words: 2)
She worked very hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abreaction of her anxiety and guilt concerning the death of her parents , when linked up with her current feelings of anger and her fears of loss , abandonment , and annihilation , produced further relief of tension . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strippers , but scrumptious , and [FILTERED] and her all-lesbian band '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
rather than teach where teaching was not wanted , they would wash their hands of the mess . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was , thus , an early and spectacular victim . (Filtered Words: 0)
As usual , Mrs. [FILTERED] had lost her head , but nobody blamed her for doing so now . (Filtered Words: 1)
It's not a joke to be sent to a place like this or to Hanover . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] shrugged . (Filtered Words: 1)
During fiscal years 1959 and 1960 , there were 139 military and civilian students who came to the Institute for varying periods of special instruction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poirot and his counterparts are perfectly respectable people ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , he thought , might spend some time grieving for her lost lover , but he doubted that she would launch an investigation . (Filtered Words: 1)
His land had never been plowed . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , there are a few antithyroid drugs of this same general type , such as resorcinol , possessing no reducing activity and possibly acting through formation of a complex with molecular iodine . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was not a search for a `` magic formula '' , but rather an examination of basic principles pertaining especially to all types of communication in marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Continuation cards (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise [FILTERED] reserves his vocal melodies for prolonged expressions of emotion -- [FILTERED]' first monologue , for example . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` It depends on the widow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
May I say that you have just demonstrated the truth of an old proverb -- the younger Pliny's , if memory serves me -- which , translated freely from the archaic Latin , says , ' The more haste , the less peed ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boredom is death . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the last few years of your life , things seem to be changing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What about you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your fur has been rubbed the wrong way and you show it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is the oldest and most experienced of the lot . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt them . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I did , she shrugged her shoulders and said that Reuveni wanted her to marry him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It looks pretty efficient and that's the important thing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It listed his wife's age as 74 and place of birth as Opelika , Ala. . (Filtered Words: 0)
whom shall I fear ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Only , this old man's connivance was even less to her taste than Selma Cotter's open censure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dry of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the room next to theirs was a huge cradle , of mahogany , ornately carved and decorated with gold leaf . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps that was the first thing to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hoag would carry its sound to his grave . (Filtered Words: 0)
Denver , Colo. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am terribly sorry to keep you waiting '' , she said , `` but won't you make yourself a little drink while you wait ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and she recited `` Hector's Farewell To Andromache '' most movingly , to the special delight of [FILTERED] at his home in Germantown near Philadelphia , where the Szold girls took turns visiting between the visits of the Jastrow boys at the Szolds' in Baltimore . (Filtered Words: 1)
Deterrent (Filtered Words: 0)
Their books found no less willing readers outside than inside the South , even while memories of the war were still sharp . (Filtered Words: 0)
And for a man who traveled around without any change of clothing , a few more stains on his dark suit may very well have gone unnoticed . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so , of course , it is a fan's opera as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was apparently the pioneer in her family because she had no close relatives in this country at that time . (Filtered Words: 0)
He called for a greater attraction of industry and a stop to the piracy of industry by Southern states , and a strong fight against discrimination in business and industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea , but the solid bulk of the North American continent . (Filtered Words: 0)
It told him little more than Mrs. [FILTERED] had remembered , stating that it had been a small , modest wedding compared to some of the others . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even so , [FILTERED] judiciously argued , the Association could legitimately decide that Parker `` should not be encouraged nor assisted in diffusing his opinions by those who differ from him in regard to their correctness '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ever since all that . (Filtered Words: 0)
No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was ghost writer for [FILTERED] , whose main talent for literary composition was the signing of his autograph . (Filtered Words: 1)
Budget increased (Filtered Words: 0)
But I knowingly abuse their confidence . (Filtered Words: 0)
thus it takes about 16 Msec. to traverse 25 mm. of tissue . (Filtered Words: 0)
a figment of [FILTERED] imagination . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s glance went to a chart of guest names and room numbers hanging on the wall behind the clerk . (Filtered Words: 1)
the Aegean world which had existed before 1000 differed from that which rises more clearly in our vision after 800 . (Filtered Words: 0)
About nine o'clock , I call and see if you got any . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , as in the Byrd case , another element of state procedure was subsumed to federal judge-made law . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wouldn't matter to a fool like you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another question that was asked of the assessors was whether they favored the assessment of movable property at its location or at the residence of the owner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Decide in the beginning to put your barbecue equipment to work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even Mr. [FILTERED] himself seems uncertain on this score . (Filtered Words: 1)
She found herself able to sing any role and any song which struck her fancy . (Filtered Words: 0)
size and shape (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked , as they heard the front door close . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gavin paused wearily . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Berlin he published his views of the chemical laws of nature in German and this was issued in French translation ( Paris , 1813 ) under the title Recherches Sur l'identite Des Forces chimiques et electriques , a work held in very high esteem by the new generation of research chemists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of those vaguely-imagined new , different people . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a truism of business that no business can be better than its board of directors and its top management . (Filtered Words: 0)
Praises exhibit (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , it is not easy to find a stock priced as the [FILTERED] issue was priced ( at roughly 10 times 1960 earnings , to yield a little over 5 per cent on the 64-cent anticipated dividend ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
the other exclusively Negro . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , it is not enough to bring persons to Christian commitment and train them in the meaning of Christian discipleship . (Filtered Words: 0)
And letters began to come in to this column from irate shareholders . (Filtered Words: 0)
He let his eyelids droop and breathed heavily , feigning sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
The idea had come from Herold , who had once been a chemist's clerk . (Filtered Words: 0)
Go out of the furrow , snake , I said , but it did not move at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the impact energy is spent in crushing and fragmentation . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1819 under royal command he undertook a very successful geological expedition to Bornholm , one of the Danish islands , being one of three scientists in the expedition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Physical chemistry of washing (Filtered Words: 0)
Calhoun shouted . (Filtered Words: 0)
This the therapist may pursue in later questioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a truism of business that no business can be better than its board of directors and its top management . (Filtered Words: 0)
He returned in command of an international army of Gurkhas , Indians , Africans , Chinese and British . (Filtered Words: 0)
The one sure way to tell victim and villain apart is to examine the hind legs which in the case of the idler , [FILTERED] , lack the pollen baskets -- naturally ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
It was only after we had responded , with what I fear were similar cliches , that she went into action by questioning our desire for friendship and understanding with a challenge about aggressive and warlike actions by the U.S. Government in Cuba and Laos . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is a figure one with 27 ciphers , quite a large number . (Filtered Words: 0)
And Early Spring seized the whip and said : (Filtered Words: 0)
Peasants puzzled [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Like hell ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
How and at what stage and in what sequence are other governments to be consulted ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is obviously a young man's poem , written out of books and not out of experience ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In an apparent effort to head off such a rival primary slate , Mr. [FILTERED] talked by telephone yesterday with Representative [FILTERED] , the Bronx Democratic leader , and with [FILTERED] , the Brooklyn Democratic leader . (Filtered Words: 3)
Almost daily something is reported which feeds this Catholic hope in England : statistics of the increasing numbers of converts and Irish Catholic immigrants ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
After Cuba and Laos , it was argued , Mr. [FILTERED] will interpret the President's consent to the meeting as further evidence of Western weakness -- perhaps even panic -- and is certain to try to exploit the advantage he now believes he holds . (Filtered Words: 1)
So Enright's courting of the mettlesome [FILTERED] is impeded considerably , thereby providing the tale which is told . (Filtered Words: 1)
the extreme measurements of these fall between the lower limit of the [FILTERED] brood and its average . (Filtered Words: 1)
The eyes always held Hague , eyes of a dead man , lidless as a lizard's , with the fixed intensity of a cobra . (Filtered Words: 0)
The very rules and regulations in every city are the primary case of slum conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finished signs are produced by sliding the separate letter panels into channels of 0.025-in. aluminum , which may be mounted to various surfaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Inter-american Press Association , which blankets the Western Hemisphere from northern Canada to Cape Horn , is meeting in New York City this week for the first time in eleven years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eli Corault ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]. Howry and Holmes at the University of Colorado Medical School have applied the same sonar technique to other areas of soft tissue and have obtained extremely good results . (Filtered Words: 1)
The record of past earnings and prospects for the future must indicate it has the ability to repay the loan out of current and anticipated income . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , the Interstate Commerce Commission will not force the New York Central to further curtail its commuter operations by giving undue competitive advantages to the lines that wish to merge . (Filtered Words: 0)
The army leaders threatened to form a new military government if the parties failed to sign an eight point protocol agreeing on Gen. [FILTERED] as president . (Filtered Words: 1)
And knowing its humble place in the scale of things , why did he , at this time of life , seem almost ready to sell his soul for plumpness ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` pull '' exercise in this Super-Set is the one-dumbbell [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Besides proteolytic enzymes the thyroid possesses de-iodinating enzymes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reply : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know we'd be pretty crowded . (Filtered Words: 0)
I looked at the chart for reassurance . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd show them ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In its place is a passionate consciousness grasped and molded to feelings of positive or negative values even as the actions of one's life are determined by constellations of process in which one is caught . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was his only sanctuary . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl crawled out into the renewing warmth of the sunshine , hugging her shoulders and still trembling . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the end the good man , [FILTERED] , expresses what the audience has already come to feel when he says , `` A fire , a fire is burning ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
The crude wooden boxes of the enemy , our nicely turned gray metal disks . (Filtered Words: 0)
he had to find out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If , for some reason such as economy , we are not going to develop aircraft nuclear propulsion with a sense of national urgency , then we should turn our effort to developing jet engines with a thrust-to-weight ratio of 12 or 15 to one . (Filtered Words: 0)
A lock on the toilet would encourage malingering and primping . (Filtered Words: 0)
B'dikkat grudgingly agreed , but he did not come out of the doorway . (Filtered Words: 0)
Improves utilization of low-moisture corn ( less than 14% ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
I won't bite , you know '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These shifts will continue in the next 10 yrs. . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is at this point in his life that the mature Prokofieff emerges . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , some formulas are used more than others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clayton tried to call back the face of the man he had known . (Filtered Words: 0)
But so convinced of communism's inevitable triumph is Prince [FILTERED] that he is ready to throw in the towel . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Don't you be afraid , Violet '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
the magnitude of effort and costs of each of these possible phases of an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She told herself rebelliously , and with pride , I am an American ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If the hardships of the winter at Valley Forge were trying for healthy men , they were , of course , much more so for those not in good health . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sets him forth as being typical of the group . (Filtered Words: 0)
After notching it for the keelson , chines and battens , the half-inch plywood transom is secured to it with glue and the same type nails . (Filtered Words: 0)
His suggestion that the prestige colleges be made the training institutions for medical , law and graduate schools will run into strong opposition from these colleges themselves -- even though what he is recommending is already taking shape as a trend . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The movement of events is so fast , the pace so severe , that an attempt to peer into the future is essential if we are to think accurately about the present . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , [FILTERED] cashed three checks for $100 each at the Sherman House , using a credit card . (Filtered Words: 1)
This rule providing for a blackout of televised baseball 30 minutes before the start of a major or minor league game in any area comes from the game's top rulers . (Filtered Words: 0)
2.3 the discrete stochastic process (Filtered Words: 0)
He indicated that requests would be made for more U.S. arms and more U.S. military advisers . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can look at furniture in one spot year in and year out and really feel for sure that's where it belongs . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are , of course , many weaknesses in any case against Emma . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , if you don't mind , I should like to hear my own piece performed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wherever you looked , you saw [FILTERED] running across the meadows , some away from the road , some toward it , some parallel to it ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
These names were secured from member companies by the Association from the forty-four sources listed in [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was as blissful and fulfilling a night as any bride ever experienced . (Filtered Words: 0)
It sounded silly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If such a child scored 3.0 , his discrepancy score would be -.5 , representing of one year of under-achievement . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no objection . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Good '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , as their grokking made them ever closer and [FILTERED] felt himself almost ready to discorporate her voice called him back : `` Oh ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
The exhibition of cotton ginning machinery at the State Fair grounds is valued at more than a million dollars . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who served as a correspondent with General [FILTERED]'s paratroopers during the invasion of France , combines the soul of an artist with the lingo of a tough guy . (Filtered Words: 2)
Each Friday one manager is chosen by lot to stay late and load the equipment on a truck . (Filtered Words: 0)
He waved at Fox to cut off the finale introduction . (Filtered Words: 0)
After they had left , some of the people moved around , to find more comfortable places to sit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even if there are no livestock , the farmer cannot leave the farm for long periods , particularly during the growing season . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that she complained , or had any cause to . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purpose of the organization is to further the interest of women students in recreational activities as a means of promoting physical efficiency , sportsmanship , and `` play for play's sake '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She lay under the covers making jabbing motions with her forefinger telling me where to look for the coffeepot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pa laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
recordings ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hal gasped , and he said , `` A divorce '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
After allowing for group exposures , it is apparent that other factors must be considered if we are to comprehend fanaticism . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Where was Mr. [FILTERED] , he wondered . (Filtered Words: 1)
With those paintings of big constructions crashing down , he felt he could stop . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus shielded , we played many foolish games in comfortable unselfconsciousness ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Bless you my friends , for it is through love and service that brotherhood becomes a reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
When we opened the door again for business and switched on the lights she said : (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
During the [FILTERED] trial , however , the state's most powerful Democratic newspaper , the Providence Daily Post , stated that [FILTERED] was a murderer , a man of blood , and that he and his associates , with the assistance of Republicans and Abolitionists , had plotted not only the liberation of the slaves but also the overthrow of state and federal governments . (Filtered Words: 2)
Certainly it is the most pretentious and elaborate . (Filtered Words: 0)
A two-family house at 255 Brook Street has been purchased by Brown University from [FILTERED] , according to a deed filed Monday at City Hall . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some churches require more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Called out Means as she ran . (Filtered Words: 0)
The history of the U.N. demonstrates that in a pluralistic world we must develop processes of influence and persuasion rather than coercion . (Filtered Words: 0)
A review of these policies indicates : ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The average reader of this magazine owns more than one gun ( we ran a survey to find out ) but he's always on the lookout for new and better arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Follow pool-care instructions to the letter , and be sure that one person ( in the family or not ) is regularly responsible for each aspect of the job , with no chance for claiming , `` It wasn't my turn '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is `` Defeat Into Victory '' , by Field Marshal Viscount Slim . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because he interprets the primitive state of man as one of mere potentiality or capacity and believes that Adam and Eve were created as children , Irenaeus often seems inclined to extenuate their disobedience as being `` due , no doubt , to carelessness , but still wicked '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After another two weeks , the first young emerge , four to eight small daughters that begin to play the role of worker bees , collecting pollen and nectar in the field and caring for the new young generation while the queen retires to a life of egg laying . (Filtered Words: 0)
District Attorney [FILTERED] warned that he would vigorously prosecute persons caught committing these crimes or carrying arms -- he just didn't catch anyone . (Filtered Words: 1)
Inscribed around its base is a charm in Balinese , a dialect I take it you don't comprehend . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Midwest (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Easy does it , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ramey smiled but he thought to himself , I always see me too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Restrict large glass areas to the north and south sides of the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was wise enough to realize a man could be good company even if he did weigh too much and didn't own the mint . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many home-bound subway riders utilizing the Flushing-Main Street express are daily confronted with the sight of the local departing from the Woodside station as their express comes to a stop , leaving them stranded and strained . (Filtered Words: 0)
She dashes around in alarm . (Filtered Words: 0)
We've been working for weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wondered whether Stanley would call . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought first of his son and daughter , away at college . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he caught fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
she did not care . (Filtered Words: 0)
Equipment (Filtered Words: 0)
Harvey criticized (Filtered Words: 0)
Ephesians 2 : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The breaking away from the prison house of Brooklyn is gradual . (Filtered Words: 0)
This filly is another Adios that wants to trot , and trot she did until forced to do otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , wait '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
television ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the capital went elsewhere ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Richmond , Va. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How do you know , stupid ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was the fourth son of an elderly farmer who lived on the coast , in Chiba , and divided his life between the land and the sea , supplementing the marginal livelihood on his small rented farm with seasonal employment on a fishing boat . (Filtered Words: 1)
Kansas City , Mo. , Feb. 9 ( UPI ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The men were restive , he wrote , ready to take the battle to the enemy as [FILTERED] wished . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now , if this were [FILTERED] next door to him and if , for some obscure female reason , she kept her clothes in the refrigerator , they would not be pink . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some musicians were enthusiastic , some skeptical . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a spare battery , a source of light for 2 weeks or more would be assured . (Filtered Words: 0)
A good initial impression would be important now . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first news stories had it that this blaze was started by a bolt of lightning , as though [FILTERED] could call down fire from heaven like a prophet of the Old Testament . (Filtered Words: 1)
The general board declared : `` Most of the Protestant churches hold contraception and periodic continence to be morally right when the motives are right . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reason that we are not going ahead full speed to develop high thrust-to-weight engines is that it would cost perhaps a billion dollars -- and you don't spend that sort of money if aircraft are obsolete . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] was bringing Cuba not freedom , but hatred . (Filtered Words: 1)
The rocking , I realized , is the single element in the story that carries the erotic message , the unspoken and unconscious undercurrent that would mar the innocence of a child's fantasy and disturb the effects of the work if it were made explicit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Already debilitated by the Chattanooga starvation , the quality of [FILTERED]'s horseflesh ran downhill as the campaign progressed . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was also the fact that by the time he meets Mr. [FILTERED] , the President will have completed conversations with all the other principal Allied leaders . (Filtered Words: 1)
He does what he can and may and must , without regarding himself as lord of the future or , on the other hand , as covered with guilt by accident or unforeseen consequences or by results he did not `` permit '' in the sense explained . (Filtered Words: 0)
She says the children miss you . (Filtered Words: 0)
We got Dr. [FILTERED] to him as quickly as we could , and we wired [FILTERED] of Papa's desperate condition . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` And the boy will be too much under his influence by then . (Filtered Words: 0)
how and where to apply for financial assistance ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Show follows ceremonies (Filtered Words: 0)
The last night I had called , but the line was always busy and it reassured me . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was even more miserable than me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bisque fire to cone 08 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Participants in the 27 Portland companies worked one night a week through the school year , guided and counseled by adult advisors drawn from local business and industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
A heterogeneous people have needed it to attain an element of cultural and political cohesion in a new and ever-changing land . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was aware that when our eyes met we both quickly averted them . (Filtered Words: 0)
With increasing advance of the knife into the coating the shear plane extends to the coatings surface and the shear angle rapidly decreases . (Filtered Words: 0)
And you know you will always wonder all of your life whether it was because you wanted him so bad that you didn't get him , and you can feel nearly sorry enough to cry when you think of that other guy , the chump who begged you to marry him , the one with the plastered hair and the car he couldn't afford and the too-shiny shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , his finale is put together with taste and a most sensitive projection of that pale sustenance , despair . (Filtered Words: 0)
But one should not ask for everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was elated at the prospect . (Filtered Words: 1)
The nest itself , the structure that in some cases housed about 2,000 individuals when the season was at its peak , is now rapidly destroyed by the scavenging larvae of certain beetles and moths . (Filtered Words: 0)
A middle aged woman opened a window on the third floor of her house which was behind the wall , she threw out a few belongings and then jumped ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
C . (Filtered Words: 0)
It should have a dramatic form with pleasing language , and it should portray incidents which so arouse pity and fear that it purges these emotions in the audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another dilemma : As picturesque as a sylvan pond in the forest may be , trees offer a leaf and root hazard to the well-being of a pool . (Filtered Words: 0)
the Colonel fled to the friendly haven of the Dominican dictatorship as soon as [FILTERED] seized power . (Filtered Words: 1)
As a business man I have to use the telephone constantly , from three to four hours a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
The structures housing the apartments are of masonry and frame construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally , the statewide races will provide the major test for the expanding council . (Filtered Words: 0)
Santa Barbara (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't forget whiskey ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The liquid phase photochemical reaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] knows that a soldier will get the Distinguished Service Medal for conduct that would land him in prison for life or the electric chair as a civilian . (Filtered Words: 1)
When at last she could suffer the insult no longer , nor face the girl's scorn , she said in a voice overloud : (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was a contrast even more decisive than a hunger for fact between the Trial in Jerusalem and those in Moscow and New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this was only the middle of July . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certain this menace was only imaginary , he yet stared in fascinated horror , his hand sticky against the stock of his weapon . (Filtered Words: 0)
As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented , I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , moral issues concerning the nature of the legal and political processes take on theological dimensions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The problem grows in intensity each year as man's knowledge , and his capacity to translate such knowledge to the written word , continue to expand . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , of course , you couldn't see too well through the veil '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
but there is much here also which bears directly on his personal quarrel with Swift . (Filtered Words: 0)
He rode on and on . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bed still showed signs of where Kitti had lain . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's what they all say . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They don't like it if I do anything away from home . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are many ways of producing a foamed urethane product . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was rested and could mount a charge . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ran on his plump sticks of legs , freezing now and again into the sudden startled attitudes which the camera had caught and held on the paling photographs , all carefully placed and glued and labeled , resting in the fat plush album in the bottom drawer of the escritoire . (Filtered Words: 0)
In earlier centuries men had had enough to do in rebuilding a fundamental sense of order after chaos . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then on Monday morning -- or it might have to be Tuesday -- get up and leave just the usual time , and last thing , put the money in an envelope under the old woman's purse there in the drawer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Personally , it meant a great deal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Their autumn tints are all fairly low keyed compared with the fiery stabs of crimson , gold , purple , bronze , blue and vermilion that flame up in North America . (Filtered Words: 0)
But explanations leave him confused and unmoved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tilghman leapt on to him , dragged him upright and hit him again , this time sending him careening against the bar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pursuing it , he has logged 500,000 miles , suffered indescribable digestive indignities , and meticulously collected physiological data on the health and eating habits of 10,000 individuals , from Bantu tribesmen to Italian contadini . (Filtered Words: 0)
You too , Sean ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Was her name [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
the desperate agony of goal-line stands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or , in the words of Anatole France , `` The law in its majestic equality must forbid the rich , as well as the poor , from begging in the streets and sleeping under bridges '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
in almost every particular follow the Kremlin's foreign policy line . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Your garden , God damn it '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , he's going to kill me , he thought wildly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shea , the chairman of Mayor [FILTERED]'s Baseball Committee , will be joined on the dais by [FILTERED] , the southpaw pitching ace of the Milwaukee Braves ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] , 25 , was seized March 20 with four Cubans and accused of trying to land a boatload of rifles in [FILTERED] , about 35 miles from Havana . (Filtered Words: 2)
No return address whatsoever . (Filtered Words: 0)
In most places , there are two generations a year , a second brood of adults appearing late in the summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
A hearing was set for 30 a.m. Tuesday . (Filtered Words: 0)
This happy , always smiling lad with the sunny disposition is our new Junior Mr. [FILTERED] [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Or a wife may make sudden demands that she be courted , flattered or coaxed , simply because she needs her ego lifted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's what you say '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He just shot at the board and then drew circles around the holes to form a bull's-eye . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , for example , once said that America was a paradise -- the only one in the history of the world -- for workingmen and small children . (Filtered Words: 1)
But it is different at Chartres . (Filtered Words: 0)
Old and new briefly crossed paths in the U.S. Senate , then went their respective ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without further inquiry , Pike jumped to the conclusion that [FILTERED] was guilty , and , following the honorable route that would eventually lead to the dueling ground , sent a message to [FILTERED] through his friends , demanding that he either confirm or deny his complicity . (Filtered Words: 1)
In addition , little work has been done on a comparative basis in regard to the normal existence of bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses . (Filtered Words: 0)
In American romance , almost nothing rates higher than what the movie men have called `` meeting cute '' -- that is , boy-meets-girl seems more adorable if it doesn't take place in an atmosphere of correct and acute boredom . (Filtered Words: 0)
But now she looked ugly . (Filtered Words: 0)
But that was only natural , I decided ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The following table shows , for selected years , the authorizations , appropriations , allotment base , Federal grants to States and State matching funds for this part of the grant program : (Filtered Words: 0)
This cooling does not change the avocado in any way , it just delays the natural softening of the fruit until a grovelike temperature ( room temperature ) is restored . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among other things it means perception , discrimination , sensitivity to subtle differences . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , [FILTERED] is her name ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The variation in the 3-cm emission of the moon during a lunation is very much less than the variation in the 8.6-mm emission , as would be expected from the explanation of Piddington and [FILTERED] ( 1949 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , this would require a lengthening of the season from thirteen to fourteen weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Starbird had been long at the bottom of the bay . (Filtered Words: 0)
in particular against a [FILTERED] portrayed in a voluptuous style and modeled , according to gossip , upon the painter's mistress . (Filtered Words: 1)
Regency -- Truman . (Filtered Words: 0)
the other exclusively Negro . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a fellow of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers , and a senior member of the Institute of Radio Engineers . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] called on his muse , a line came back : (Filtered Words: 1)
He no longer sought to find the law ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact agglutination of Af cells in saline could be produced by the insoluble material from sera containing `` only '' incomplete antibody activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
To what extent did it mould the morals and the social , economic , and political life and institutions of the country ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You identify yourself and ask him what's going on . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 989 ( about $40 ) is an even newer (Filtered Words: 0)
The garden supplies enough carrots , turnips , rutabagas , potatoes , beets , cabbage and squash to store for winter meals in the root cellar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Less severe thermal treatment as by blanching or scalding serves to inactivate enzymes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Get Happy , junior '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just hold it that way '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
the unknown was so much worse than -- what dangers lay ahead for her ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I -- I don't think so , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Measured performance characteristics for this experimental tube will be listed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Giving the other a dark look , he hauled his bronc around and trotted down off the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
Urged in 1954 (Filtered Words: 0)
When they fall by the wayside and fail to achieve Christian stature , it is an indictment of the Church . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the event the total of rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement is different from the rupee equivalent of $1,276 million , the amounts available for the purposes specified in paragraph 1 , Article 2 , will be adjusted proportionately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two weeks , a month , we talk it over again , and maybe if nothing happens meanwhile to say the cops know this and that , then we make a little deal , isn't it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
My movement did frighten the snake and it raised its head and trailed delicately a couple of feet and stopped again , and its tongue was working very rapidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
They also deduct transportation expenses incurred in connection with the performance of services as employees even though they are not away from home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hmpf But on to the frothier side [FILTERED] , the only real Tarzan , telephoned [FILTERED] , his first `` [FILTERED] '' ( now at Drury Lane ) and muttered , `` Me Tarzan , this [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 3)
The January fifteen report recommended that [FILTERED] be instructed to burn the list -- the papers -- in the presence of a U.N. Security Officer '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is president of the Westfield Women's Republican Club and is a Westfield county committeewoman . (Filtered Words: 1)
This one was set up here in 390 A.D. on a pedestal , the faces of which are carved with statues of the emperor and his family watching games in the Hippodrome , done so realistically that the obelisk itself is included in them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet his editors did not abandon their sense of story value . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Ainus were a primitive people , already living on the island before the principal ancestors of the Japanese came from Southern Asia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lightning could strike you blind if you were a sinner ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] guessed that they had planned confusion and turmoil , thinking it the ideal climate in which to begin battle and bloodshed . (Filtered Words: 1)
The monk who opened the door immediately calmed his worries about his reception : `` I speak English '' , the old man said , `` but I do not hear it very well '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s total works today , and in fact those of his works which existed in 1946 when Mr. [FILTERED] made his comment , or in 1939 , when Mr. [FILTERED] wrote his essay , reveal no such simple attitude toward the South . (Filtered Words: 3)
There is only one trouble with this big , beautiful dream . (Filtered Words: 0)
This schedule became too strenuous , even for the energetic and conscientious Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
At times they would ride frenziedly through the camp , letting the women see their courage , how handsome they were in their regalia . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd like to know that very much '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
he did not let her choose her own food . (Filtered Words: 0)
a man in whose entourage none was ever safe ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In this organization , about half of the engineers with 15 or more years of employment are in supervision , engineering or elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fees are about half to a third of what they were 25 years ago '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took one step , two , broke into a trot and then into a run . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said with intense feeling : `` Come near , let me feel your arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
10 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The voice issued from the cavern of the hall below . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was their heart . (Filtered Words: 1)
We have so completely entered the child's fantasy that his illness and his death are the plausible and the necessary conclusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional note on allotments . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is probably more effective than the expanded scholarship programs of the past decade , because the scholarship programs mainly aided the students with the best academic records ( who were usually middle-class ) , and these students tended to use the scholarship funds to go to more expensive colleges . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wally's lost his job ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
these films and these sequences are also seeking out -- instinctively or by design -- the peculiarly cinematic elements of narrative . (Filtered Words: 0)
To assist the States , therefore , in rehabilitating handicapped individuals , `` so that they may prepare for and engage in remunerative employment to the extent of their capabilities '' , the 83rd Congress enacted the Vocational Rehabilitation Amendments of 1954 ( [FILTERED] ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Third , the United States is pressing forward in the development of large rocket engines to place vehicles of many tons into space for exploration purposes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The New York Shakespeare Festival , which is using the Wollman Memorial Skating Rink while its theatre near the Belvedere is being completed , began bravely . (Filtered Words: 0)
This of course was not true of the educated and sophisticated people we met , who loved their pets , but kindness is not a basic human instinct . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nate '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
One by one he tossed the objects aside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude had the cool ruthlessness to do whatever she made up her mind to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the natural condition for the heavenly bodies is neither rest , nor rectilinear motion . (Filtered Words: 0)
We cannot , of course , assign it any substance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he would run to the toilet behind the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Made from modern wooden molds Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clerfayt , transported , may think of the engine driving his car as `` a mystical beast under the hood '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Armed Forces Day is the annual report on this investment , a public presentation designed to give our own people , and the people of other lands who stand with us for peace with freedom and justice , the best possible opportunity to see and understand what we have and why we have it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like hell he'd wait -- and supposing the radar-controlled gun got knocked out ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The song , he said , was called `` The Stream's Lullaby '' , and when he sang , `` Gute ruh , Gute ruh , Mach't die augen zu , '' there was such longing and such simple sadness that it frightened me . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were `` sincere '' -- men of the too-hearty handclasp and the urgent smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mercenary : term of honor ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It shone in its bright diamond color against the sun-burned stubble and the crumbled black clods of soil and against the paleness of myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Selkirk persuaded eighty men and four officers to go to Red River where they were to serve as a military force to protect his settlers from the hostile Northwest Company which resented the intrusion of farmers into the fur traders' empire . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s appearance is rough-hewn Irish . (Filtered Words: 1)
But the beer hall riot in Subic had been unusual , too , and [FILTERED] was convinced that Doc had started it through some expert tactics in rabble rousing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Stickler for rules (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Although there was some variation in results which must be attributed either to trace impurities or to variation in wall effects , the photochemical exchange in the gas phase was sufficiently reproducible so that it seemed meaningful to compare the reaction rates in different series of reaction tubes for the purpose of obtaining information on the effect of chlorine concentration and of carbon tetrachloride concentration on the reaction rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is clear that there are some differences in the ratings , but there is substantial agreement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rev would never have tried to give her poison ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The conversation that ensued may have been engrossing but it could hardly be called world-shattering . (Filtered Words: 0)
A white man would not have seen it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another attempt will be made this year in New Orleans to resume the program . (Filtered Words: 0)
Criticality : (Filtered Words: 0)
Washing is continued for 30 minutes or for a period of time sufficient to allow 100 nips or passes through the squeeze rolls . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , a guy's gotta have a little ego ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There was that fellow out there in the bitter cold '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Moore and Longfellow didn't have the fate that faces us '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Much information has been gathered relative to quantitative sampling and assesment techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact that the Aerospace Industries Association members whose lists were used did not comprise all firms engaged in defense programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the barkeep . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel said , `` He asks for money '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If I'd been careful it never woulda '' -- he stopped abruptly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A charge to keep I have , A God to glorify '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is an area nearly as large as Western Europe ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hoag descended the stone steps to the street and looked up at the building . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fought the panic of vertigo . (Filtered Words: 0)
These lives are in themselves outside of the moral order and are unburdened with moral responsibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is no use . (Filtered Words: 0)
We live down by the Base commissary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before leaving , he took one last , lingering look at the apartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Your choice '' , he said briefly , and turned to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The outlook for entertainment electronics in 1961 is certainly far from clear at present , but recent surveys have shown a desire on the part of consumers to step up their buying plans for durable goods . (Filtered Words: 0)
The possibility that the absence or presence of these shunts is species-dependent is therefore inferred . (Filtered Words: 0)
They grew louder as the Indians charged again . (Filtered Words: 0)
By means of this social control , deviance is either eliminated or somehow made compatible with the function of the social group . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their presence fouled the elegance of that room . (Filtered Words: 0)
But let us not be mistaken about Confucian `` virtue '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The bed still showed signs of where Kitti had lain . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had located the runway of a colony of ants and as the ants came out of the ground , the boys picked them up , one at a time , and pinched them dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though Americans usually lived in groups segregated by national origin or religious belief , they liked to work and shop in the noise and vitality of downtown . (Filtered Words: 0)
This has an interesting analogy with the assumption stated by Philippoff that `` the deformational mechanics of elastic solids can be applied to flowing solutions '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Arbuckle '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Only three standard models -- Buick , Chrysler , and Mercury -- had slight year-to-year gains in March sales in the county . (Filtered Words: 0)
A number of unique medical problems might be created when man is exposed to an infectious agent through the respiratory route rather than by natural portal of entry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reduces losses from stomach , hookworm , and nodular worms by interfering with reproduction of the female worm by reducing the number of eggs laid and essentially rendering all laid eggs sterile . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had my arm behind his back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether he sang well or badly had nothing to do with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
An analogy (Filtered Words: 0)
What now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His small , mean eyes regarded [FILTERED] steadily , unblinkingly . (Filtered Words: 1)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , for ten years I've been murdering women . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other players were undressing quietly . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] took off one shoe and stared at it . (Filtered Words: 1)
In one-shot , the isocyanate , polyester or polyether resin , catalyst , and other additives are mixed directly and a foam is produced immediately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cady walked the block to the mailbox , almost ashamed of himself for arguing with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Spot retains the same decor although crystal chandeliers have been installed above the terrace dining area , and the kitchen has undergone a remodeling job . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is an engrossing commentary on a repressive , upper-middle-class New York way of life in the first part of this century . (Filtered Words: 0)
A growl , a nod , was usually enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
The husband and wife should start with this anatomical information clearly in mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
So he hides the mayonnaise . (Filtered Words: 0)
He should have said `` jittery '' , for that's what we are . (Filtered Words: 0)
To say this , of course , is to take up a position on one side of a controversy going on now for some two hundred years , or , at any rate , since the beginning of the distinctively modern period in theological thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the farther out he moves , the thinner will be his hold on conclusive evidence , and the larger the speculative component in his inferences . (Filtered Words: 0)
This must have been [FILTERED]'s blackest discovery . (Filtered Words: 1)
No one could be more devoted than he to the American Congress as an institution and more aware of its historical significance in the political history of the world , and I shall never forget his moving talks , delivered in simple yet eloquent words , upon the meaning of our jobs as Representatives in the operation of representative government and their importance in the context of today's assault upon popular government . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Five of these done daily for about a week will develop the strength for one push-up . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , the man had no family , so no one suffered , and everybody was better off for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever the merits of its intent , Utopian communism is far too naive , far too crude , to suit any modern socialist or communist . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also displayed the ability to write Latin verse on almost any topic of dispute , the verses , of course , to be delivered from memory . (Filtered Words: 0)
a smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
the other , for the most part , true . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following have been found effective . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mate , [FILTERED] , who had kept the journal on the Half Moon , was experienced -- but he was a bitter old man , ready to complain or desert at any opportunity . (Filtered Words: 1)
My mother was deeply religious . (Filtered Words: 0)
After it allotted shares to 41 underwriters and 52 selling group members from coast to coast there were not many shares for anyone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Beech Pasture had suddenly become valuable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The truth on each side won in the civil war (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy lifted the girl by the waist and set her on the lip of the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't live in a world of perpetual peril like ours . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I knew all this , but I paid no attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had the stick forward and the throttle up before he heard the two `` Rogers '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
One hundred years ago there existed in England the Association for the Promotion of the Unity of Christendom . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first over-the-counter trade Wednesday afternoon at Eppler , Guerin & Turner , the managing underwriter , was at $17 a share . (Filtered Words: 0)
They went as rigid as black statuary six figures , lean and tall and angular , went still . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his chapter on `` The Loveways Of The Beat Generation '' , Lipton spares the reader none of the sordid details . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I seen a lot o' things in my time . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought of Simms Purdew snoring on his bunk while [FILTERED] crouched by the hearth , skirmishing an undershirt for lice , and a wet log sizzled . (Filtered Words: 1)
But [FILTERED] used the planetary transmission in his Model T and earlier cars and , in 1905 , as a precautionary measure , took out a license from the man who claimed to be its inventor . (Filtered Words: 1)
As it turned out , a very hot region occurred on the plug . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Mother insisted , for it is seldom indeed that anyone remotely connected with the cinema is ever received in their exclusive midsts . (Filtered Words: 0)
These will be available at cost from our Plans Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] unwired the right hand door , whose window was , like the left one , merely loosely-taped fragments of glass , and [FILTERED] wadded himself into a narrow seat made still more narrow by three cases of beer . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Rarely in American history has there been a political campaign that discussed issues less or clarified them less '' , says Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But problems cling to pools , as any pool owner knows . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe the society editor would remember a good-looking out-of-town bride '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] explained why he had come , [FILTERED] replied gravely : (Filtered Words: 2)
Not all men of the period would have accepted this emphasis . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is tradition rather than the record which balks at the expunging of the Tammany name . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theirs is a sacrificial life by earthly standards . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 13 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll have the problem of baseball at one end and weather at the other '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Race-drivers , on the other hand , are quite often killed on the circuit , and since it was obviously Mr. [FILTERED]'s intention to establish automobile racing as life in microcosm , one might reasonably have expected him to demonstrate precise knowledge not only of techniques but of mores and attitudes . (Filtered Words: 1)
But [FILTERED] , the neo-dadaist artist , has collaborated with several of them . (Filtered Words: 1)
but , conversely , one cannot begin to understand [FILTERED] without knowing something about the world view of the Old Chinese , which they felt they saw expressed in it . (Filtered Words: 1)
The wide divergence of reactions is clearly illustrated in the Kinsey studies in human sexuality . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] may have owed this partly to his relationship with the king , but Othon , who at sixty seems still to have been a simple knight , merited his position solely by his own character and ability . (Filtered Words: 1)
They simply turned to God filled with gratitude and faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood up . (Filtered Words: 0)
It recalls those words of another psalm : `` God is our refuge and strength , a very present help in trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
or even old [FILTERED] , whose excellent 71 made one wonder if he had solved the geriatric aspects of golf . (Filtered Words: 1)
Attica , though important , was not the only teacher of this age . (Filtered Words: 0)
He gazed away from us as we approached . (Filtered Words: 0)
would certainly deny any connection between the two things , or any connection of either with murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel said , `` I'd better get him to bed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is much talk in theological circles about the `` Church as Mission '' and the `` Church's Mission '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , the 1938-39 rules adopted these hours as limitations upon the operation of daytime stations . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did just that . (Filtered Words: 1)
I heard her murmur , `` We'd better lock the door '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To have Christ dwelling through faith in your hearts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor did a constellation's stars vary in brightness during the course of their nocturnal flights . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] badly during the recent presidential election into almost equally divided camps of party loyalists and independents , the Democratic party in Mississippi is currently a wreck . (Filtered Words: 1)
general background . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was delighted to learn that the Post Office Department is now going to expand this service to deliver mail from Representatives in Congress to their constituents without the use of stamps , names , addresses or even zone numbers . (Filtered Words: 0)
As cheerfully as possible , he said , `` Well , I guess we could all do with a little drink '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
About 75 persons appeared at that time . (Filtered Words: 0)
But where the core of NATO is concerned , the Secretary of State has not only reiterated the United States' profound attachment to the alliance , `` cornerstone '' of its foreign policy , but has announced that five nuclear submarines will eventually be at NATO's disposal in European waters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Show spotlights the Kings -- [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , flanked by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 6)
[FILTERED] said as they picked their way over the rocky road which led up the hill away from the Dixie Highway , through a corn field and a patch of woods to the school . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Third ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't make out what he was saying . (Filtered Words: 0)
His gray hair was thin , his face beginning to attract a swarm of wrinkles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Greatest benefits have been associated with feeding low-moisture corn in beef-feeding programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Directed by [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
it flopped down , sprang back up and gouged my shin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , riding in for some lusty enjoyment of the liquor and professional ladies of [FILTERED] , he laid claim to the killing with the vague insinuations he made . (Filtered Words: 1)
and it is evidenced in the prayers offered , in the frequent religious allusions , and in the confirmation of points on religious grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
suffocating air sapped their strength and strained their nerves to snapping ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This gave her an opportunity to ring down the curtain with the petulant admonition that we should not presume to lecture her on Abstraction . (Filtered Words: 0)
He forgot about A-Z till , unhappily , he and Hamrick were proved correct . (Filtered Words: 0)
He paced to the window and looked at the city he had helped to build . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the theological forms of the past continue to exist in a way they do not in a more secularized situation , the striking thing is the rapidity with which they are being reduced to a marginal existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is significant that the Catskills , which used to be the summer playground for older teen-agers , a kind of summer suburb of New York , no longer attracts them in great numbers -- except for those who work there as waiters , bus boys , or counselors in the day camps . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , after the sitting has been held , several readings at one time are mailed , and the distant sitter ( whose name or whose communicator's name was given to the medium ) must mark each little item as Correct ( Hit ) , Incorrect ( Miss ) , Doubtful , or Especially Significant ( applying to him and , he feels , not to anyone else ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Keep the desserts simple ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the particle would then move toward the nose , where it could be wiped out with a wisp of cotton . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Some areas may already have been improved and contain buildings , roads , utilities , cleared land , etcetera which may raise the cost of the site . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , yes '' , he muttered impatiently . (Filtered Words: 0)
Industrial promotion (Filtered Words: 0)
Cascaded single stages enclosed by a common envelope have been constructed with high gain and high resolution . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew Red and [FILTERED] well . (Filtered Words: 1)
Blood samples were allowed to clot at room temperature for 3 hr , centrifuged and the serum was removed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remarks may appear to the right of the last parameter on each card provided they are separated from the operand by at least two blank spaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it had largely disappeared on account of protest by the whites and through growing resentment on the part of the Negroes as they became more educated and got better wages . (Filtered Words: 0)
and to making the owning of a boat simpler . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Got a new one in last night '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Visually , these approximated what he was feeling within himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor is it at all likely that a `` desperate '' claim against the Government will be assigned on a contingent-fee basis in the guise of a tax-free reorganization . (Filtered Words: 0)
With intelligence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The slow tapping of a cane on the stone steps coming up to the tower interrupted his reverie . (Filtered Words: 0)
New highs for the year totaled nine and new lows 14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were camped beside a large column-shaped boulder : a man , his lubra , and two children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s new responsibilities are in addition to those of his present post as marketing manager of Sprague's Special Products Group , which manufactures a wide line of digital electronic components , packaged component assemblies , and high temperature magnet wires . (Filtered Words: 1)
He has gained only one thing -- he has exploded a 50-megaton bomb and he probably has rockets with sufficient thrust to lob it over the shorter intercontinental ranges . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked , looking at her searchingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Writing to his colleague [FILTERED] -- `` Glorious old Palmer '' , as he addresses him -- [FILTERED] says that if only the students at Harvard could really understand [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , Palmer , and himself and see that their varying systems are `` so many religions , ways of fronting life , and worth fighting for '' , then Harvard would have a genuine philosophic universe . (Filtered Words: 4)
( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
She gave herself a title , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The amount of water frontage , the quantity and quality of the water , and the recreation afforded by it are important . (Filtered Words: 0)
An important operation in soliciting industrial locations involves what we term `` Missionary calls '' by one of this Division's industrial promotion specialists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of us brush our teeth by hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
As his disciples boast , even though his emphasis is elsewhere , [FILTERED] does show his awareness of the changing order of the South quite keenly , as can be proven by a quick recalling of his Sartoris and [FILTERED] families . (Filtered Words: 2)
Other theories of origin are compatible with the formulaic theory : Beowulf may contain a design for terror , and The Iliad may have a vast hysteron-proteron pattern answering to a ceramic pattern produced during the Geometric Period in pottery . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Workers of the party '' (Filtered Words: 0)
It can promote international cooperation and good will toward this country . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although both concede they would like to hit 60 , they stick primarily to the baseball player's standard quote : `` The important thing is to win the pennant '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually they were helpless to do anything about the nationwide policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a trend to packaging meat at a central source , freezing it , and shipping it to outlying stores , where meat cutters will not be required . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he felt that the Selden case was being unfairly pilloried . (Filtered Words: 0)
A prototype which fulfills the requirements was developed and thoroughly tested . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other Indians were running at the ponies , shrilling and waving blankets . (Filtered Words: 0)
One may be exasperatingly aware that if the answer is favorable it will be judged such only by those of one's own age . (Filtered Words: 0)
The times I can recall when I was publicly humiliated by him -- lovely dinner parties in our Trianon Suite where the collation was postponed and postponed and postponed , only to be served dry and overcooked at a table where the host's chair was vacant ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` (Filtered Words: 0)
Then a wild thought ran circles through his clouded brain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The temperature was maintained to within about Af for the period of time required to make the measurement ( usually about one hour ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately , however , and for reasons to be discussed in the following chapter , no rate relationships can be made completely nondiscriminatory as long as all or some of the rates must be set above marginal costs in order to yield adequate revenues . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter matter is considered in detail in a later section . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before he went into battle [FILTERED] had told Alex , `` I only want to be a Pole . (Filtered Words: 1)
Tibet is too vast , the terrain is too difficult . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They are also honest seekers after truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ellie [FILTERED] , soprano , and [FILTERED] , baritone , presented a program of folksongs entitled `` East Meets West '' in Carnegie Recital Hall last night . (Filtered Words: 2)
In an essentially static system , an oil cannot be replaced by water on a surface unless the interfacial tensions of the water phase are reduced by a surface-active agent . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in the case of moving targets , and targets which have limited mobility , what will their location be when it is time to destroy them ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She got to her feet , staggered , and almost fell . (Filtered Words: 0)
After complimenting [FILTERED] and the riflemen and saying he was praising them to Congress , too , the ardent Frenchman added he felt that Congress should make some financial restitution to the widow and family of [FILTERED] , but that he knew [FILTERED] realized how long such action usually required , if it was done at all . (Filtered Words: 3)
He drew a deep breath . (Filtered Words: 0)
What matters now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Their eyes betrayed too much of their emotions , she thought sadly . (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] ) , but no one can deny that the screen crackles with electricity whenever he is on it . (Filtered Words: 1)
These men -- for the most part educated in our `` best '' New England colleges , well established financially and socially in the community -- under kindly but insistent probing , reveal little or no objective or explicit criteria or data for their generalizations about the interests and attitudes of the people they claim to serve , or about the public responses that actually follow their occasional breach of a `` client-service relationship '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Normally , because agricultural labor is not covered by unemployment insurance , we would not expect any issues to arise regarding benefit payments under the trade dispute provision of the Unemployment Insurance Code , although such a situation is quite within the realm of possibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now they were in friendly territory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Duren , Sheldon on hill (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , there must be clarity : a single distinct impression is more valuable than many fuzzy ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of these activities are geared to a top-priority communication system , and practice tests have been held to assure that everything will work smoothly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You bastard '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Coffee breaks can be a real headache if not regulated . (Filtered Words: 0)
None of these values is destroyed , not significantly altered by refrigeration storage . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a matter of principle with [FILTERED] , since Britain had declared war in behalf of Poland . (Filtered Words: 1)
In recent months , much attention has been given to the probable extent of the current downtrend in business and economists are somewhat divided as to the outlook for the near future . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took a deep breath , and the plunge . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jail sentence is to begin the day after Sarkees graduates from Eastern High School in June . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED]'s publicity director ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
There would be all the nuisance of contacting someone else to take over . (Filtered Words: 0)
Transport properties of air . (Filtered Words: 0)
and a background , usually a silhouetted form foiled against the sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
Threat of war . (Filtered Words: 0)
The greatest impact of the matching-fund principle has been in initially encouraging the poorest states and school districts to spend enough to obtain their full allocation of outside funds . (Filtered Words: 0)
taking the former from the Five Sacred Mountains of the Han period and the latter from the principal river systems of Old China . (Filtered Words: 0)
For three years he was connected with the U.S. Naval Observatory and with the U.S. Signal Corps ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thanks to the generosity of Mr. [FILTERED] , president of the Temple Beth El ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Many companies have upgraded their sales manpower and tested new selling , distribution , and promotion techniques to gain a bigger competitive edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the trained ear of the linguist , talk has always revealed a staggering quantity of information about the talker -- such things as geographical origin and/or history , socio-economic identity , education . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Providence Daily Journal , however , stated that [FILTERED]'s courage , bravery , and heroism `` in a good cause would make a man a martyr ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] nodded dully . (Filtered Words: 1)
Presumably the same sun was shining upon little [FILTERED] also , and those who had kidnapped him . (Filtered Words: 1)
It tastes a little like poppyseed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A ripple ran through the muscles of his jaws , but he kept control upon his voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since accurate base maps are necessary for any planning program , the first step taken by the planning division to implement the long-range state plan has been to prepare two series of base maps -- one at a scale of 1 inch to a mile , and the second a series of 26 sheets at a scale of 1 inch to 2000 feet , covering the entire state . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was not a man who thought very much about moral principles ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
They had been through trying times , but their faith in the Almighty had given them the courage and the strength to meet and overcome the many problems and difficulties that were the price they had to pay for freedom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Go inside for a closer look at a Renaissance palace . (Filtered Words: 0)
All you have to do is put in a fresh lamb from time to time '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have held your papers of manumission since I married Mr. [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
They cringed under sodden covers , listening to the waves slop against the bottom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , this readiness to relax controls , evidenced in the [FILTERED] situation , appears to be a more general personality factor . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'd often find one or other of them up around Dogtown sketching . (Filtered Words: 0)
To both the amateur and the commercial progandist the analyst lacks a soul , lacks appreciation with his endless probings and classifications . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elena , you'll get mud all over your dress '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In its place is a passionate consciousness grasped and molded to feelings of positive or negative values even as the actions of one's life are determined by constellations of process in which one is caught . (Filtered Words: 0)
He might not have gone that far if Pa hadn't been locked in laughing fit to shake the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the son of a Scottish father and an American Jewish mother , long widowed , with whom he lived in a comfortable home in Flushing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Animals . (Filtered Words: 0)
She eyed the chickens with , if she had known it , something of [FILTERED]'s dismal look and thought with a certain fury of the time she had spent on Latin verbs . (Filtered Words: 1)
She swung the quirt again , and this time he caught her wrist and pulled her out of the saddle . (Filtered Words: 0)
They faced a rather small audience , as quite a few subscribers apparently had decided to forego the pleasures of the afternoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
The long road that had taken liberals in this country into the social religion of democracy , into a worship of man , led logically to the Marxist dream of a classless society under a Socialist State . (Filtered Words: 0)
Closely related to the andrenas are the nomias or alkali bees . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They cannot do otherwise than live in dread of each other since these weapons imply the possibility of such grisly surprise attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one knew exactly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trade bodies which came in the wake of the A.L.A.M. were more representative , for they never adopted a policy of exclusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
for example , the organization of steamship conferences to set freight rates and the encouragement of railroads to seek mergers . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other side are the Celtic survivalists who have taken a tack divergent from both these schools of nineteenth century thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where there is a left-hand entry in the ledger , there is a right-hand one , he remembered from his school days . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , it's a real load '' , I told him , looking up the street at my battered Ford . (Filtered Words: 0)
They did washing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't have a lemon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unlike the heroes and flappers of the lost generation , they disdain the art of `` necking '' and `` petting '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who transfer their membership are no exception to the rule . (Filtered Words: 0)
Off and on , all day , someone would be wiping at the powdery gray dust that settled over everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
The authorities had to release him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , I just come once a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
As another Thanksgiving draws near , let us take time out from the often hectic pace of our lives to try and recapture the feelings that filled the hearts of the Pilgrims on the first Thanksgiving . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not in the largest sense of the words '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , a bus will carry members to the Chicago Stadium to see [FILTERED] professional tennis matches at 8 p.m. . (Filtered Words: 1)
The result is that the State Department's perpetual position before Congress is the resigned pose of the whipping boy who expects to be kicked whenever the master has had a dyspeptic outing with his wife . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he leads the Neurenschatz [FILTERED] , Schlek gives a tremendously inspired performance of both the Baslot and Rattzhenfuut concertos , including the controversial Tschilwyk cadenza , which was included at the conductor's insistence . (Filtered Words: 1)
if they should bite before I wake , I pray the Lord their jaws to break '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they do not strip . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gets car number (Filtered Words: 0)
She met my eyes , suddenly angry . (Filtered Words: 0)
A recent [FILTERED]ing , although rather confusing , cites and follows Rev. [FILTERED]. 54-17 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Besides , they were not the only impressions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some manufacturers have had the foresight to provide a socket for the chuck key ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A135 donated (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
tension presser -- consisting of a padded ironing board from which extend clamping members on all four sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ordinarily , the human liver synthesizes only enough cholesterol to satisfy the body's needs -- for transportation of fats and for production of bile . (Filtered Words: 0)
For mounting to corrugated plastic backgrounds , very small holes may be drilled in the sides of the letters and stainless steel wire threaded through the openings , its ends twisted behind the panels . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are to be fed at a rate to provide 10 milligrams DES per head daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
In More's Utopia communism is not a means of separating out a warrior elite from the lumpish mass . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were the ships of His Majesty's Navy , herding the hulks of the East Indies merchants and the yachts and ketches of the loyalists . (Filtered Words: 0)
What we have seen in this chapter , we have seen only dimly , and yet the results , however general , are worth the search . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the captives arrived in Boston , `` the chaplain ( of their captors ) went to prayers in the open streets , that the people might take notice what they had done in a holy manner , and in the name of the Lord '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right , step back '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He was ugly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Work-outs for the week are as follows : [FILTERED] , 3 ( by Scotch Victor ) , [FILTERED] , 3 ( by Demon Hanover ) , [FILTERED] , p ( by Royal Blackstone ) and [FILTERED] , p , 3 ( by Demon Hanover ) in 25 ; ; (Filtered Words: 4)
She showed no interest at all in the life he had led back home , and it hurt him a little . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had just paid a brief visit to the Frick Collection to admire his favorite paintings by Rembrandt and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
First , it does not communicate . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the demand for demythologization is unavoidable and so must be accepted by theology unconditionally , the position of the `` right '' is clearly untenable . (Filtered Words: 0)
And of course [FILTERED] has just the thing they want . (Filtered Words: 1)
His head flopped back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed he did , [FILTERED] said solemnly , trying to get [FILTERED]'s eye . (Filtered Words: 2)
I think I have a way so we can carry on without his suspecting us '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having the deepest of maternal instincts , my heart fairly bled when I thought of the darling pink and white `` bundles from heaven '' I would have proudly given my husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] seed gum is the main ingredient in wave-setting lotions . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is always wise to consult your marine dealer , local yacht or boat club secretary , or local law enforcement officers if you are not positive what the regulations are . (Filtered Words: 0)
then all four gathering on the sofa to face the inquisitor . (Filtered Words: 0)
He indicated that requests would be made for more U.S. arms and more U.S. military advisers . (Filtered Words: 0)
I dissent . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the field on which my tent was pitched was a favorite natural playground for the kids of the neighborhood , I had made many friends among them , taking part in their after-school games and trying desperately to translate Grimm's Fairy Tales into an understandable French as we gathered around the fire in front of the tent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The area may include constant information supplied by the programmer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Af layers are stacked normal to the ( 111 ) axis with the lower oxygens of one layer directly above the upper oxygens of the neighboring lower layer , in such a manner that the repeat is every three layers . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a few school districts one finds a link between school and job . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the basis of the long chronicle of military history [FILTERED] and his brethren assumed that the issue was insoluble and that anyone interested in a mission like Fosdick's was an impractical idealist or a do-gooder . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You're the doctor '' , he returned with a smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Angels in turn would exercise similar restraints in respect for the natural preferences and natures of the Earthmen -- but they had no faintest notion of man's perverse habit of passing and enforcing laws which were contrary to his own preferences and violations of his nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
They seek thereby to lure the old grad back to the old scenes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It is Mars '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some offices have very broad responsibilities , touching on almost all aspects of a university's instructional program . (Filtered Words: 0)
As [FILTERED] sat there , a playful impulse overcame her to remove the shoes and socks from the unidentified feet and , as a prank , insert rosebuds between the toes . (Filtered Words: 1)
The numbers indicate the number of nearest neighbors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some recreation features , such as scenic values and water interest , also have greater overall value than other interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1959 President [FILTERED] and Premier [FILTERED] held an informal session in the U. S. . (Filtered Words: 2)
U. S. Rubber Company , New York , passes out a form itemizing the value of benefits . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just let me die in peace '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had just the same as delivered him into the hands of the Devil ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic state grant is thirty cents for each person served , and there is a further book incentive grant that provides an extra twenty cents up to fifty cents per capita , if a library spends a certain number of dollars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every night they all went to Mama and [FILTERED]'s , and sat on the open front porch , where they could get the breeze . (Filtered Words: 1)
This had worried her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kitti had come into the office , on somebody's recommendation , because she needed help in preparing her income tax return . (Filtered Words: 0)
A useful by-product of this system is that the information necessary to set the gyro drift biases is available from the currents necessary to hold the system in level . (Filtered Words: 0)
The annual spring meeting has given an impetus in three main directions : more , deeper , and more timely political consultation within the alliance , the use of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( when ratified ) as a method of coordinating aid to the underdeveloped countries , and the need for strengthening conventional forces as well as the maintenance of the nuclear deterrent . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had looked over my forms and was impressed by what he had seen there ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They include both individual fears and collective ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
A friend of mine in New Mexico said the Court order had caused no particular trouble out there , that all had gone as merry as a marriage bell . (Filtered Words: 0)
This method of countin' was usually done at the request , and in the presence , of a representative of the bank that held the papers against the herd . (Filtered Words: 0)
From six to nine million additional Germans would be evicted , though most would have fled , and Poland would receive far more from Germany than the poor territories , including the great Pripet Marshes , which she lost to Russia . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` -- second building on the right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
All but the most rabid of Confederate flag wavers admit that the Old Southern tradition is defunct in actuality and sigh that its passing was accompanied by the disappearance of many genteel and aristocratic traditions of the reputedly languid ante-bellum way of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must construct transitions so that a dancer who is told to lie prone one second and to leap wildly the next will have some physical preparation for the leap . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stayed home , reading and refusing to think about his frightening experience at Ryusenji . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ethics and peace (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you remember the woman in the French [FILTERED] who was all alone with her sheep one day when the sun darkened ominously ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
He had caught her coming out of the shack . (Filtered Words: 0)
It takes place in the household , a rite of well-wishing for myriad occasions -- for the traveler , a wedding , a newborn child , the sick , the New Year , for any good purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
We can soon tell '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeds of soybean , cotton , corn , sesame , and rape yield semidrying oils . (Filtered Words: 0)
And lest we should become too consistent , in the sense of becoming heedless of new fields of scholarship and new points of view in the arts , the Foundation's Board of Trustees maintains a trickle -- not a flow ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Industry's main criticism of the Navy's antisubmarine effort is that it cannot determine where any one company or industry can apply its skills and know-how . (Filtered Words: 0)
Irenaeus does not regard Adam and Eve merely as private individuals , but as universal human beings , who were and are all of humanity . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think I've taken it about fifty times already '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
These things may be happening many miles away from us but really they are right next door . (Filtered Words: 0)
For one cup of coffee . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than 2000 copies have been sent out to prospective clients . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was taller than Aggie . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] had unmasked him , revealing he had never been a bishop , but was an Anabaptist , afraid to state his faith , because he knew [FILTERED] had written a book against their belief that the soul slept after death . (Filtered Words: 2)
-- State representatives decided Thursday against taking a poll on what kind of taxes Texans would prefer to pay . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a writer who has a taste for irony and who sees incest in all its modern dimensions can let his imagination work on the disturbing joke in the incest myth , the joke that strikes right at the center of man's humanness . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wouldn't have to tell them I had [FILTERED] -- (Filtered Words: 1)
He could see the stone building where he lived . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked well-fed and prosperous , but he didn't get the impression he was being propositioned the way he'd been hoping . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once , then -- for how many years or how few does not matter -- my world was bound round by fences , when I was too small to reach the apple tree bough , to twist my knee over it and pull myself up . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll switch on the underwater lights . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of Plainview , former chairman of the Texas Highway Commission , suggested a plan to fill by appointment future vacancies in the Legislature and Congress , eliminating the need for costly special elections . (Filtered Words: 1)
Who shall separate us from the love of Christ ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No effort is made in the same studies to present information on regional or national demand trends in these skills or to consider whether regional or national demands for other skills might provide much better opportunities for the youth to be trained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only under rare circumstances would a bride experience an orgasm during her first intercourse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Freedom , in the sense of self-determination , is a worthy objective ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I was lonely always '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The people visited were glad to have a government with heart enough to take an interest in their misery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each of these fine groups gives free boating classes in seamanship piloting and small boat handling . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man took two short steps backward then sat down heavily on the pavement . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knelt , just for decency I thought at the time , but found myself whispering , `` Our Father which Art in Heaven '' And it was only after that that something unlocked in me and I felt a grief . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Texans have two more road games -- at Buffalo and Houston -- before they play for the home folks again , and it looks as if coach Hank Stram's men will meet the Bills just as they are developing into the kind of team they were expected to be in pre-season reckonings . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You are being strangled by traffic '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although he did not attend any celebrated schools or universities , he was a master of Greek and Hebrew and could read the Bible in the original . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had never been here at this hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Surrounding pioneer pastors with vocational volunteers ( laymen , who will be urged to move into the area of new churches in the interest of lending their support to the new project ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
It didn't ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Too often a beginning bodybuilder has to do his training secretly either because his parents don't want sonny-boy to `` lift all those old barbell things '' because `` you'll stunt your growth '' or because childish taunts from his schoolmates , like `` Hey lookit Mr. [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Actively modernizing societies (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately , few of the artists ( writers , movie producers , dramatists and musicians ) who have used American folklore since 1900 have known enough to distinguish between the two streams even in the most general of ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has served in positions of greater glamour , both at home and abroad ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
