Time elapsed but the doctor was obviously unconscious of its passage until an unwelcome knock on the door interrupted the processes of nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are about 3,325 officers and employees in this class . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There isn't a chance of Myra's letting anything like that happen . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Meyer sent him to Reading , Pa. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do what '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Sore muscles were relieved by an arnica rub ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll sleep longer and better , too , awake refreshed and free of hot weather nerves . (Filtered Words: 0)
The education function of the Institute is carried on by the staff in the departments of pathology and its consultants . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't mind washing dishes now and then '' , he said pleasantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't really believe in intuition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eighty thousand won top honors and a chance to try for the team itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
As can be seen from Figure 2 , an extensive area was covered by this aerosol . (Filtered Words: 0)
This function is staffed by engineers chosen for their technical competence and who have the title , member of the technical staff . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the turn was too tight , a barrel roll would bring them out . (Filtered Words: 0)
you cannot go to heaven unless you are born again . (Filtered Words: 0)
After that everything should be simpler . (Filtered Words: 0)
rim-fires by means of adapter sleeves in the chambers . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's got him in the kitchen '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( The address of the information cell is also supplied by the table of dictionary usage . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ground was covered with soft pine needles and the slope was gentle . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know you feel badly , but that sounds like such a queer thing for you to say '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's to say , he was trigger happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , both `` Journal '' and `` Signal '' qualify as instructive catalogues of modern-dance calisthenics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note that the mass scale is one to two orders of magnitude greater than some previously used ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He snorted . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] nodded . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was thrilling to see the effect of an American-trained teacher on Japanese students in a class in Home Planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our take-up machines and our twister-coners are undergoing important pilot plant testing for application with new high polymer yarns , in several fiber producing plants . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Our information is that she gave the proceeds of her acts to Jelke '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I gave it to the woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was [FILTERED]'s second run batted in of the game and his only ones of the year . (Filtered Words: 1)
) At this late date , it is impossible for St. Michael's College to find a suitable replacement for me . (Filtered Words: 0)
In point of fact , the race-drivers one knows are nearly always intelligent , healthy technicians who differ from other technicians only in the depth of the passion they feel for the work by which they live . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something had to be done about the furnace , the fuel bills , the washing machine , the doctor and dentist bills , about making money stretch for food , for the mortgage , for taxes , for shoes , for half soles , for overshoes , for clothes , for the new leaks in the roof , for gas and light bills ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She added . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would become tagged as men not interested in being purely real estate `` professionals '' but agitators for some kind of `` cause '' or `` reform '' , and this was no longer to be a `` pro '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
The two lawmen halted their wagon about twenty yards from the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hold on tight . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Monty '' shows a remarkable capacity for the direct statement and an equally remarkable incapacity for giving adequate support . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was weeks before we even kissed for the first time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Henrietta nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
The merits of the Salk anti-polio vaccine were not established on the forensic platform or in newspaper editorials , but in the laboratory and by tests in the field on thousands of children . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Indians were not impressed and held to the Carolina traders , who swarmed over the country , almost to the Mississippi . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My usual palette consists of top-quality colors : alizarin crimson , orange , raw sienna , raw umber , burnt sienna , sepia , cerulean blue , cobalt blue , French ultramarine blue , Winsor green , Hooker's green 2 , cadmium yellow pale , yellow ochre , Payne's gray , charcoal gray , [FILTERED]'s gray , and ivory black '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Chicken '' , [FILTERED] said , and theatrically licked his lips . (Filtered Words: 1)
The rest of the press should be kept clean by dusting with a clean rag or brush . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when what is new in a particular context is also fairly obvious , there is normally only light stress or no stress at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tide turns (Filtered Words: 0)
The opposition to this point of view has its staunchest support in the work of [FILTERED] ( '50 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
If an automobile were approaching him , he would know what was required of him , even though he might not be able to act quickly enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jail authorities -- attaching no particular significance to the episode -- offered Barco whisky to revive him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Captain [FILTERED] saw that it was building up strength . (Filtered Words: 1)
It's dryin' myself out that does it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
With these maps completed , the inventory phase of the plan has been started . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED] held an 8:30 a.m. meeting with top military and foreign-policy advisers , decided to break off diplomatic relations immediately . (Filtered Words: 1)
he was simply to listen and report back what he heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm stood up . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was a kind of goal I set myself ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Esther looked at me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In many corners of the globe '' , he said , `` the major source of impressions about this country are in the movies they meet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually this is a thin band of wire attached to the molars and stretching across the teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
On my way to the elevator , I ran into [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` How old is he '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The half-intensity diameter of the antenna beam was about 9' , and the angle subtended by the moon included the entire main beam and part of the first side lobes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the sides are also covered up to the spray rails , they are also rough-sanded in that area . (Filtered Words: 0)
a billion peas would fill a small house from cellar to attic ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the fire of love is dead , and Hardy stands , as the speaker does in the last poem of the sequence , over the burnt circle of charred sticks , and thinks of past happiness and present grief , honest and uncomforted . (Filtered Words: 0)
You could win a popularity contest at that school without any trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
These destructive forces also have a seriously adverse effect upon the watersheds and their life-supporting waterflows , and upon the other renewable forest resources . (Filtered Words: 0)
I stood there , staring at her for a moment -- thinking mostly of her beauty and her poverty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Amy still missing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nobody else did , either '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasional tubules contained hyaline casts admixed with neutrophils . (Filtered Words: 0)
But as he remarks in his preface to The Walnut Trees , `` a novel can hardly ever be rewritten '' , and `` when this one appears in its final form , the form of the first part will no doubt be radically changed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third belief , in six points , emphasizes the Diety of the Lord Jesus Christ , and : (Filtered Words: 0)
From this and the force of deformation it should be possible to calculate the elastic energy of deformation which should be equal to the Af calculated from the pressure normal to the shearing face . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the great majority of these people are of Anglo-Saxon or Celtic descent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of compulsion to say something cheery , [FILTERED] Prime blurted , `` Well , we were lucky to be on soft ground when the first floodheads hit . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some tasty frank toppings are chili con carne , Coney Island sauce and savory sauerkraut . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if you're worried you can go home and check '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
We have come to you to experience something of your way of life while also attempting to acquaint you with that of ours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Along each side of the room were six tiered bunks , each one screened off with a curtain . (Filtered Words: 0)
For most of them , it will be their first experience in membership training , since this is a recent development in many churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , shucks '' , the girl said . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the storm , the sky cleared blue and cool , and fragrant air swept the hills . (Filtered Words: 0)
In my estimation , we definitely do ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She was arrested by Phoenix Police after they received the indictment papers from Portland detectives . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wall panels and structural timbers are standard as are windows and doors , making for a minimum of cutting . (Filtered Words: 0)
He left his home the day after New Year's wearing a mackinaw and sheepskin mittens and without a hat . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am an honest man '' , the German said with fervor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question frightened [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
If he does , it's still better than an even chance he won't notice the transposition of the numbers , and if he should notice it , the thing can be passed off as an honest mistake . (Filtered Words: 0)
But those who would revitalize so complex an organization must , first of all , overcome the resistance of layers of officials wedded to traditional procedures , suspicious of innovation and fearful of mistakes . (Filtered Words: 0)
But up to date he has shown as much as any in the big Simpson stable . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can't go in . (Filtered Words: 0)
For that reason any democratic reform and effort to bring genuine representative government to the Dominican Republic will need the greatest sympathy and help . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also the department of justice building is located where [FILTERED] presides over the federal bureau of investigation . (Filtered Words: 1)
The professional organizations such as American Institute of Interior Designers , National Society of Interior Designers , Home Fashions League and various trade associations , can and do aid greatly in this work . (Filtered Words: 0)
greater price-consciousness . (Filtered Words: 0)
For her first three vegetable months she waved her crabbed claws , kicked weakly with her clubbed feet and enjoyed the usual routine of the infant . (Filtered Words: 0)
With our company of soldiers , we made one long column of reddish dust . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their father , when he came back from those many business trips , just bumped their mother on the forehead with his lips and asked if anybody had thought to mix the martinis and put them in the electric icebox . (Filtered Words: 0)
But because it was a suspense gangster story of the Capone era , many of us felt that it might catch on for a run in Chicago , continue as a road company , and eventually become a movie . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually back in Concord by noon , there was just time to get partially thawed out , refuel , and grab a bit of Mrs. [FILTERED]'s hot broth before starting the second trip . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is chairman of the committee , which includes Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , 2d , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 15)
Goddammit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Expands and contracts (Filtered Words: 0)
He recognized that whatever transformation may be effected in the first stage of an R-stage process , the remaining stages must use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to the state resulting from the first stage , if there is to be any chance of optimizing the complete process . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And the deadliest '' , Poet commented as he buckled on his tank harness . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Springfield's in tomorrow '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Another approach is to estimate from the rate of growth and the smallest size at maturity . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the photographically realistic continuity of dreams , however bizarre their combinations , denies that it is purely a composition of the brain , it must be compounded from views of diverse realities , although some of them may never be encountered in what we are pleased to call the real life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sequence of equations ( 6 ) can be solved for Af when Af is known , and clearly Af , the maximization being over all admissible Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
In [FILTERED]'s mind there is an irresolvable conflict between the poet and the philosopher , because the poet imitates only particular objects and is incapable of rising to the first level of abstraction , much less the highest level of ideal forms . (Filtered Words: 1)
When these fields are surveyed together , important patterns of relationship emerge indicating a vast community of reciprocal influence , a continuity of thought and expression including many traditions , primarily literary , religious , and philosophical , but frequently including contact with the fine arts and even , to some extent , with science . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we manage to keep track of a Bombus queen after she has left her feeding place , we may discover the snug little hideout which she has fixed up for herself when she woke up from her winter sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I forgot . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a lonely , rather desolate region , but full of legendary and historic associations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bears added their last run in the sixth on [FILTERED]'s double and outfield flies by Porter and Wert . (Filtered Words: 1)
To meet this urgent need for skilled manpower we are proposing the establishment of a Peace Corps -- an organization which will recruit and train American volunteers , sending them abroad to work with the people of other nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
A further example of the incompatible difference in personalities was when two policemen held up a [FILTERED] beer convoy on a West Side street and demanded $300 to let it through . (Filtered Words: 1)
For arm and shoulder strength a chinning bar is recommended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then I plan my attack : the parts I will finish first , the range of values , the accenting of minor details -- all in all , mechanics of producing the finished job with a maximum of crispness . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , and other qualifications , make the cocktail party the most complete and most chaotic communication system ever dreamed up . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it is trying to do is to protect the little man , too , as well as trying to maintain a flow of fresh meat to all stores , with choice of cut being made by the consumer , not the store . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dominant stress is of course more than extended duration , and normally centers on syllables that would have primary stress or phrase stress if the words or longer units they are parts of were spoken alone : a dominant stress given to glorify would normally center on its first syllable rather than its last . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religious who derive their own sense of purpose through identification with the religious community rather than the academic community are prone to underestimate both the layman's reservoir of idealism and his need for this identification . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' With music and lyrics by [FILTERED] , directed by [FILTERED] , choreography by [FILTERED] , musical direction by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
Neither of them trusted the movers . (Filtered Words: 0)
for such programs raise hopes of assistance toward achieving excellence in scholarship and the arts which are dashed when the programs are discontinued ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , slowed for almost a month by a slowly-mending sprained ankle , joined TCU's workout Monday . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is a problem that goes considerably beyond questions of salary and tenure . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , walking in awe , he became familiar with God , who resided chiefly in Drew Centennial Church with its high steeple and clock . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Secretary shall make reports to the President and the Congress at the beginning of each regular session of the action taken or instituted by him under the provisions of this Act and of prospective action during the ensuing year . (Filtered Words: 0)
In conformity with this conclusion a higher trace gallium content was found in the portion ( flange ) that has undergone a second melting . (Filtered Words: 0)
The direct evidence on the micrometeorite environment near the Earth is obtained from piezoelectric sensors ( essentially microphones ) and from wire gages ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
-- This investigation involved several aspects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Congresswoman Church (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I appreciate beauty '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She would have a year in which to make up her mind , to choose a mate from a list selected by her gapt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several times in my youth I voted the Socialist ticket , but less because I was Socialist than because I was not either a Republican or a Democrat , and I voted for [FILTERED] every time he was a candidate . (Filtered Words: 1)
Every day I visit a different hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , politician (Filtered Words: 1)
Her quarters were on the right as you walked into the building , and her small front room was clogged with heavy furniture -- a big , round , oak dining table and chairs , a buffet , with a row of unclaimed letters inserted between the mirror and its frame . (Filtered Words: 0)
My diplomacy was needless . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a member of the Institution of Electrical Engineers , London , a registered professional engineer in Connecticut and Ohio , and a chartered electrical engineer in Great Britain . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be a sign for the untellable , and he , Adam , would understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
We hoped that its practitioners and teachers might be put on some sort of reserve list and called back for refresher courses each year or so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Extensive observations by physicians during vaginal examinations have established the fact that a single finger inserted along the anterior wall ( the top line of the vagina as the woman lies on her back ) may cause a great deal of distress in a virgin . (Filtered Words: 0)
An Ah coudn ansuh him an so Ah said ' Aw right , Ah gay-ess , an his fathuh didn uttuh one wohd an aftuh Huhmun was gone , the majuh laughed an tole me thet he an the bawh had been hevin an occasional drink t'gethuh f'ovuh a yeah , onleh an occasional one , but just the same it was behahn mah back , an Ah doan think thet's nahce at all , d'you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She did suddenly , through the link of memory with his father , old Titus , who must have been in his nineties when Henrietta ran away . (Filtered Words: 0)
In my studio I work at a tilt-top table , but leave the paper unfixed so that I can move it freely to control the washes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the Bonaventure seemed to disintegrate with a roar of live steam , geysers of sparks and flames , and a dense cloud of black-and-orange smoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
They may even dismiss it from their minds as something that concerns only the `` ecclesiastical Rover Boys '' , as someone has dubbed them , who like to go to national and international assemblies , and have expense accounts that permit them to do so . (Filtered Words: 0)
If it continues indefinitely it is nearly a statistical certainty that a mistake will be made and that the devastation will begin '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
the old couples . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet he is right when he claims in his autobiography that he drew the real features of the man , his tender and selfless motives and his rugged fearless strength . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the liquid phase runs the amount of carbon tetrachloride in each reaction tube was determined by weighing the tube before opening and weighing the fragments after emptying . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you ever been to Ryusenji '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The control sample was selected by taking the bottom name of each of the two columns of names on each page of the alphabetical listing of manufacturers in the Thomas Register . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a recent book called `` World Peace Through World Law '' , two distinguished lawyers , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , call for just such an overhaul of the U.N. , basing their case on the world-wide fear of a nuclear holocaust . (Filtered Words: 2)
Which American ambassadors could provide helpful advice ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the complicated process of establishing new communes and reviewing the rudimentary plan left by the French did not even begin until the fall of 1957 , this goal appears somewhat ambitious . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did he trouble to memorize the very small part which I had `` tailor-made '' to his specifications , a role eventually cut down to three short speeches ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He would not be indebted to Sam ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] '' , admonished her mother , `` you've got all evening to visit with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Some of the most dramatic successes of Communism in winning local support can be traced to the identification -- correct or not -- of Communist regimes with personal honesty and pro-Western regimes with corruption . (Filtered Words: 0)
You need her even more than you need him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time he watched carefully to see how one attached pegboards to stone walls , but Mr. [FILTERED] was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he didn't like to disclose his ignorance . (Filtered Words: 1)
Unfortunately , Brooks's teammates were not in such festive mood as the Orioles expired before the seven-hit pitching of three Kansas City rookie hurlers . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Pretend ham (Filtered Words: 0)
They went into the sun together and paraded grandly in their war clothes , painting their faces with the sacred attis dug far off in the cave of skeletons . (Filtered Words: 0)
He crossed the street and walked swiftly southward to circle back to the Boulevard and north a block to the open restaurant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , the program for fleet modernization will be stepped up in 1961 causing an increase in expenditures . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You are the ' Peoples' Poet ' '' was her appraisal in 1908 , and she stopped teaching and writing to devote herself to the fulfillment of her husband's career . (Filtered Words: 0)
The change in perceptions by some of the Kohnstamm-negative subjects , after they had been informed of the possibilities of normal reactions , suggests that their constriction and guardedness is associated with their general mode of responding to strange or unknown situations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , don't worry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fromm's analysis of alienation in the sphere of production centers around the concepts of the bureaucratization of the corporation , the separation of ownership from control , and the broad ( and thus from the point of view of corporate control , ineffective ) dispersion of stock ownership . (Filtered Words: 0)
His return for the period January 1 to June 20 , 1961 , is due April 16 , 1962 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a good report , he did all he could to make it a good report . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rembrandt's `` Aristotle Contemplating Bust of Homer '' brought $2,300,000 at auction the other night . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even those who appear in only one or two scenes are full personalities , defined with economical precision . (Filtered Words: 0)
In less than an hour I had gotten a hotel , showered , shaved and was out on the Champs Elysees in a fresh uniform . (Filtered Words: 0)
There must have been special feelings of joy and patriotism in the heart of [FILTERED] too , when the news was received on April 30th of the recognition by France of the independence of the United States . (Filtered Words: 1)
It all went very well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Todman , you take the one on the left . (Filtered Words: 0)
Warsaw is my city , not Tel Aviv '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the years that immediately followed were to be extraordinarily trying , both for [FILTERED] and his [FILTERED] lady . (Filtered Words: 2)
It would be the first time I had ever been completely alone with a girl I loved . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Your personal guard ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I hear the boot of [FILTERED] , I see his filthy face '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
) By the time the streetcar pulled away , he had fallen in love with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A full trial was ordered for : (Filtered Words: 0)
When they walked into the Ferraro apartment , the old lady , bowing and smiling , said softly . (Filtered Words: 0)
We don't think she can make her child defective , emotionally disturbed or autistic . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'd driven around for a while , [FILTERED] said , then , thinking [FILTERED] would have calmed down by that time , she'd gone back to his home on Bryn Mawr Drive , parked in front , and walked toward the pool . (Filtered Words: 2)
Hence its image , C' , meets any line of Af in Af points . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is due this week (Filtered Words: 1)
In his study [FILTERED] , Joseph Wood Krutch takes this line when he says that what [FILTERED] really means by his theory of catharsis is that our evil passions may be so purged by the dramatic ritual that it is `` less likely that we shall indulge them through our own acts '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Coupling its own budget of $83,750 with a $30,000 state grant authorized by Gov. [FILTERED] , the group expects to sign a contract in March with Georgia Tech. . (Filtered Words: 1)
Where the pool excels is in its compilation of maintenance and cost-data studies and analyses . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll shoot the first man who doesn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the historian encounters a situation in which he can perceive no visible cause and effect sequence , he should be alert to intuition and unconscious instinct as possible guides . (Filtered Words: 0)
The coalition was to prove inadvisable . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a while his work was influenced deeply by the French impressionists , and by the patterned , mosaic-like paintings of [FILTERED] , then the dean of Austrian art . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the Smith-Hughes , [FILTERED] , and National Defense Act of 1958 , the cumulative total of Federal expenditures in 42 years was only about $740 million . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here is an original kedgeree recipe from the Family Club's kitchen : (Filtered Words: 0)
If the photographically realistic continuity of dreams , however bizarre their combinations , denies that it is purely a composition of the brain , it must be compounded from views of diverse realities , although some of them may never be encountered in what we are pleased to call the real life . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some retired persons , part-time farming is a good way to supplement retirement income . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that point we reach the `` closed '' historical situation : the situation in which man is no longer free to return to a status quo ante . (Filtered Words: 0)
however , in the interest of clarity and conciseness only the results obtained with homozygous Af and homozygous Af cells will be presented here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arrangement of the entrance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
As far as the color problem is concerned , there is but one great difference between the Southern white and the Northerner : the [FILTERED] remembers , historically and in his own psyche , a kind of Eden in which he loved black people and they loved him . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
There is still the remote possibility of planetoid collision . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] and their son-in-law and daughter , Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , and their children will spend several days in [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
Calls proposal modest (Filtered Words: 0)
New computer and automation techniques were applied to these spectra with considerable success . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] , chairman of the board of supervisors . (Filtered Words: 1)
He who has the Son has the life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moisture ran down the cheeks , gathered at the tip of the nose , and at the chin . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` J'ai faim '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Uhhu '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were slight fibrosis and marked arteriolosclerosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
An aggressor would use an agent against which there was a minimal naturally acquired or artificially induced immunity in a target population . (Filtered Words: 0)
The periods of high effluent BOD occurred during cold periods when operational problems with the aerator resulted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boats as personal property (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably Mr. [FILTERED] was influenced toward deeper involvement by familial loyalty and a concern for his grandchildren . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then [FILTERED] , submarine-ball hurler , entered the contest and only five batters needed to face him before there existed a 3-to-3 deadlock . (Filtered Words: 1)
& 20 more Mr. [FILTERED] tooke order with his master to paie for mee '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
in fact it is easier . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , we might provide limited assistance in such fields as education , essential transport , communications , and agricultural improvement despite the absence of acceptable country programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
This enterprise led to a father-and-son combination beginning in 1833 , under the name D. Brown & Son , a business which eventually grew into the modern corporation we now call Brown & Sharpe . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were slowing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each successive movement in his growing was recorded on the unreeling film inside her . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the major portions of the total costs of a utility business are common or joint to all , or nearly all , classes of customers ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
With the source of light behind the copy , there is no loss of lumen output , as with conventional boards illuminated by means of reflected light . (Filtered Words: 0)
In certain other pictures , however , Braque began to paint areas in exact simulation of wood graining or marbleizing . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the warm joy of her brown eyes was open to the general public . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lincoln was historian and economist enough to know that a substantial portion of this wealth had accumulated in the hands of the descendants of New Englanders engaged in the slave trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was not a man who thought very much about moral principles ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Got the upstairs guy '' , he bellows . (Filtered Words: 0)
the poet of the Iliad deliberately archaized . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of them had seen Our American Cousin before , and unless [FILTERED] was on stage , there was not much to it . (Filtered Words: 1)
They could hear the pony's feet on the dry leaves for a while , then the sound faded out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lieutenant's sparse brown hair was heavily pomaded , and as [FILTERED] raked the comb through it , it stuck together in thatches so that it looked like umbrella ribs clinging to his pink skull . (Filtered Words: 1)
The man made no reply . (Filtered Words: 0)
Du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware were to be prohibited to have any director or officer in common with General Motors , and vice versa ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Because his mind had been otherwise occupied for the past couple of hours , he did not think to look and see if [FILTERED] car was still there . (Filtered Words: 1)
International cooperative activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both sides claimed that [FILTERED] and Aristotle supported their cause . (Filtered Words: 1)
In November 1887 a line connecting several dwelling houses in [FILTERED] was extended to Manchester Depot . (Filtered Words: 1)
You cannot get along without an adequate supply of pure water . (Filtered Words: 0)
It turned out that she also sold real estate , cosmetics , and hospital insurance . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The New York D.A. gave her another , The Golden Girl of cafe society . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing in English has been ridiculed as much as the ambiguous use of words , unless it be the ambiguous use of sentences . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since moving from a Chicago suburb to Southern California a few months ago , I've been introduced to a new game called Lanesmanship . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in Figure 3 , the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
On his lips , his men following . (Filtered Words: 0)
We will deal first with the program in the Congo though this was put into operation later than the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Garth brought one out . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is only one escape left , a tragic one , and too many people are taking it : suicide . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found them near the carcass of a zebra that had been killed the night before , and he circled once , nose to the ground , hair shooting up along his back , as it did when he was after lion or bear , and then he lifted his head and bayed , and the pack joined in , all heads high , and [FILTERED] knew it was a hot trail . (Filtered Words: 1)
These boys acknowledged an introduction to anybody by gently pressing one of his hands in both of theirs , while they gazed , misty-eyed with care , into the eyes of the person they were meeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
The shutter consists of two parts : a fast-opening part and a fast-closing part . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the chief features of this community of interest is the automotive patents cross-licensing agreement , a milestone in the development of American industrial cooperation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beginners' guns , '61 (Filtered Words: 0)
Then there was another sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
She didn't have a bad shape when you caught her at the pool at Longue Vue , but her bathing suits were far from smart . (Filtered Words: 0)
This will prevent the clay from twisting or bending , causing warping when fired . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her thick hair was the color and texture of charcoal . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may be very religious , a good church member , an upright , honest and sincere person ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] administration policies also have been assailed now from another direction by 70 Harvard , Boston University , [FILTERED] , and Massachusetts Institute of Technology educators . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] lays great emphasis on the hands in this scene . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rachel said , `` I'd better get him to bed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His face was clouded with unhappiness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within themselves , just as people , my friends were often tortured and unappeasably bitter about being the offspring of this unhappily unique-ingrown-screwedup breed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
they accepted a job primarily because it was available , convenient , and paid reasonably . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a check from his company , and the usual enthusiastic bulletins on new lines they always issued . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider it as a standby setup , at negligible cost , for those emergencies when the furnace quits , a blizzard holds up fuel delivery , or for cool summer mornings or evenings when you don't want to start up your whole heating plant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Senior Physicist . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Will you do it , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
In the field of the natural sciences , scientifically verified data are quite readily available and any discussion can be shortened with good results . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ever since the fire of 1812 destroyed the beautiful furniture assembled by President [FILTERED] , the White House has collected a hodgepodge of period pieces , few of them authentic or aesthetic . (Filtered Words: 1)
Lumumba and Kasavubu blamed it all on the military intervention by the Belgians , and appealed to the United Nations to send troops to oust them . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED]'s face was also a theater of vivacity , and his tough , stooping little frame was briskness embodied . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fromm's analysis of alienation in the sphere of production centers around the concepts of the bureaucratization of the corporation , the separation of ownership from control , and the broad ( and thus from the point of view of corporate control , ineffective ) dispersion of stock ownership . (Filtered Words: 0)
They generally vote so as to serve their own constituency , and if the constituency should be solidly middle class or solidly lower class , they might be expected to vote and work for middle- or for lower-class interests in education . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , I just come once a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
and , therefore , he could not recognize even long-familiar things upon seeing them again . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was obsessed by disease and poverty , by the melancholy of old age and the tyranny of lust . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was , therefore , more musical substance in the concert than might have been the case otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within a decade or less , few men were left and a feminist society had sprung up . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is a difference between the present volume and the early Low . (Filtered Words: 0)
I called downstairs for food and a toothbrush for her . (Filtered Words: 0)
We shall find a polynomial Af such that Af is the identity on Af and is zero on the other Af , and so that Af , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have chosen five contrasting pairs , ten men in all , and they are arranged in roughly chronological order . (Filtered Words: 0)
and ( 6 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is determined to make this dive . (Filtered Words: 1)
The circle with the dot in the center showed up yellow on the reflector glass in front of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They were wearing nothing but their scratches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until 1924 O'Banion pistoleers and knuckle-duster bullyboys had kept his North Side domain solidly Democratic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , the middle number of [FILTERED] is not only the physical mean between every opposing pair of the other numbers , by reason of its central position ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] once stayed a fortnight at the Palace , and he was so pleased with omelet Arbogast that he introduced it at his restaurant in New York J. Pierpont Morgan had come in his private train to San Francisco , to attend an Episcopal convention , and brought the restaurateur with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What about the bedroom '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Each return required three cards and involved key punching 228 digital columns . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He'll know when you tell him . (Filtered Words: 0)
lack of ability and common sense can lead to just as much tragedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew how to shoot down Nazis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sections were then washed with PBS for 15 - 30 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Join the four sides together first , then add the base ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] could not furnish a strong explanation , the governor insisted that he lower his prices in accord with the scale printed in The Advocate . (Filtered Words: 1)
and frightening , as when a wife tells the police that it is funny , but her husband hasn't been home for two days and nights '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if it is important , what can we do to improve ourselves ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the hoaxes (Filtered Words: 0)
The result was grace and modesty . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was one of the Irish women who had built their own huts down near the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He avoided showing any surprise or annoyance when no one answered him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm just finishing breakfast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its blade was dazzling in the intense sunlight . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 , (Filtered Words: 0)
Each year , reports the American Medical Association , ten million Americans spend $900 million on vitamins , tonics and other food supplements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Election came on the nominating ballot . (Filtered Words: 0)
The audience leaves the play under a spell , It is the kind of spell which the exposure to spirit in its living active manifestation always evokes . (Filtered Words: 0)
new panels are exchanged for the old right in the field on a single trip . (Filtered Words: 0)
A hypothetical example will illustrate this point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Assume , for example , a situation where a farm has a packing shed and fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
The attempt to enforce that belief ushered in a reign of bootleggers , racketeers , hijackers and gangsters that led to a breakdown of law unparalleled in our history . (Filtered Words: 0)
After he had spent the first three years in New York as associate conductor , at Toscanini's invitation , of the NBC Orchestra , he made numerous guest appearances throughout the United States and Latin America . (Filtered Words: 0)
In preparing the state guide plan , particular attention will be given means of strengthening the economy of the state through the development of industry and recreation . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when to represents to consciousness in that was the moment that I came to , and similarly in that was the moment I came to , there is much stronger stress on to . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trials are independent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fin on his foot caught on the moulding , throwing him off balance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the responsiveness of the hypothalamus to nociceptive stimulation is greatly increased under these conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
She traced it to a storage room . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It can't be wrong , can it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When we say that a mythological mode of thought must be completely abandoned , we mean it must be abandoned as the sole or proper means for presenting the Christian understanding of existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is there evidence of wash-outs on the property ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't think [FILTERED] couldn't have got John back any time , if she'd tried '' , [FILTERED] , who had been [FILTERED] , said between bites of a chicken sandwich at a luncheon table at Le Mont . (Filtered Words: 3)
I believe a further gain is in prospect for 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is no dextrous-fingered college boy but rather a dedicated , humble , and bashful apostle of this instrument . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have read an advance copy of the [FILTERED] book which is to be titled , ' Science And Government . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was thinking of Rittenhouse and how he had left him there , to rock to death on the porch of the Splendide . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Palazzo [FILTERED] , still inhabited by the [FILTERED] family , adjoins the Palazzo Mattei . (Filtered Words: 2)
But how could -- ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Love me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Prieur has gout and depends on [FILTERED]' pills and bleedings . (Filtered Words: 1)
Oh , you can submit a requisition for a miracle if you want to make a fool of yourself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the chief victims of such an ill-conceived imposition would be religion itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then , as they become aware that they have reached the end of their patience , what do they , to their dismay , learn for the first time about themselves ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly one of them shouted , ran a few feet , bent forward and put his mouth to the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the same period , 431 presentations by members of the staff were made to local , national , and international medical groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought he saw -- it awakened and , for a moment , interested him -- that [FILTERED] held a leash in her hand and that a round fuzzy puppy was on the end of the leash . (Filtered Words: 1)
Maybe you know him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charges in doubt (Filtered Words: 0)
From the way the wound in his head was itching , [FILTERED] knew that it would heal . (Filtered Words: 1)
the kingdom of Heaven is theirs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is very important for parents to understand that early training is imperative . (Filtered Words: 0)
Past it I could see part part of a desk , a flag in a corner , a rug on the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is why this approach to BW defense has not been given major attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` When you marry , you want to have things in common '' , a girl said , `` and it's hard when you don't marry someone with your own background '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It motivates his behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
The crisis was artificially stirred up by the Kremlin ( Wall Street ) and the Red Army ( Pentagon ) egged on by the West Germans ( East Germans ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s wife and four children live in Miami . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is filled with the usual personal abuse of Steele , especially of his physical appearance ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wherefore also He ( God ) drove him ( man ) out of Paradise , and removed him far from the tree of life , not because He envied him the tree of life , as some venture to assert , but because He pitied him , ( and did not desire ) that he should continue a sinner for ever , nor that the sin which surrounded him should be immortal , and evil interminable and irremediable . (Filtered Words: 0)
It changes the answers to `` Who should do what , and where '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There is the unexplainable , and there art raises questions that it does not attempt to answer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It must have been with some pleasure and relief that on September 12 , 1848 , [FILTERED] made the momentous entry in his job book , in his characteristically cryptic style , `` Lucian Sharpe came to work for me this day as an apprentice '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is a new atmosphere of urgency in Washington this week . (Filtered Words: 0)
It won't take a minute '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A steering committee of students was organized on the first day whose duty it was to be alert and constantly evaluate and re-evaluate the direction and pace the class was taking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next , let us consider briefly the program and administrative implications of a failure on our part to pursue our appeals . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Coroner '' , he said to Madden . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , that's what I meant to tell you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The surface , however , was perfectly white . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of the difference between daytime and nighttime propagation conditions , it has been necessary to evolve different allocation structures for daytime and nighttime broadcasting in the AM band , with many more stations operating during the day than at night . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Not far . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because negative pressure dialysis gave better recovery of proteins , permitted detection of proteins concentrated from very dilute solutions and was a gentler procedure , it was used in all but the earliest experiments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finnegan woke up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Starlings and blackbirds are scared off by canon , from City Hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually , the cost of food and shelter will be somewhat less on the farm and the cost of transportation and utilities somewhat more . (Filtered Words: 0)
A jigger of dry [FILTERED] follows , and as the mixture stiffens , in go a hundred of the little oysters . (Filtered Words: 1)
But he was too busy to hear what she was saying . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where the microscope under visible light may show only vague shadows or nothing at all , ultraviolet illumination and subsequent translation into a color TV picture reveal a wealth of detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
But He set a bound to his ( state of ) sin , by interposing death , and thus causing sin to cease , putting an end to it by the dissolution of the flesh , which should take place in the earth , so that man , ceasing at length to live in sin , and dying to it , might live to God '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once and for all he'd finish this marine who would not die . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Your fault , hell ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Makes 8 sandwiches or 4 servings . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , however , highly suggestive and agrees well with our own findings in which we also failed to demonstrate normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery shunts in certain species , especially the dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] materials are available from Glass Plastic Supply Co. , 1605 [FILTERED]. , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
So , now what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) Special bunks -- as discussed here , they permit cattle to eat from all sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every library borrower , or at least those whose taste goes beyond the five-cent fiction rentals , knows what it is to hear the librarian say apologetically , `` I'm sorry , but we don't have that book . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cf. 1 St. John 2 : 1 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
A blank undecorated void , plastered in roughcast , disfigured the wall of the Rotunda until 1951 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he threw things . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
She had queried in her soft guttural . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll see '' , Morgan said . (Filtered Words: 0)
the instrumentalities follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
you're tooling around full of gage in your hot rods , gorging yourselves on pizza and playing pinball in the taverns and generally behaving like Ubermenschen . (Filtered Words: 0)
In San Francisco he has worked with [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and other `` swinging '' musicians of secure reputation , thus placing himself within established jazz traditions , in addition to being a part of the San Francisco `` School '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
The dark pigments of the early work were superseded by a brighter palette . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feed at level of 70 milligrams per head per day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel said , `` I'd better get him to bed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Central Falls City Council expressed concern especially that more foods be placed on the eligible list and that neighborhood grocery and variety stores be allowed to do business on Sunday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before much longer the marine quieted down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suppose Af is defined in the sub-interval Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The board members , after hearing the coordination plea from Mrs. [FILTERED] , 1409 SW Maplecrest Dr. , said they thought they had already been cooperating . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I can't hit anymore . (Filtered Words: 0)
The notion of `` inspiration '' is somehow cognate to this feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prokofieff was guided in a consistent direction by the life of his own people -- by the compass of their national ideas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Protection (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the telephoning began . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] needed a job , having been detached from a rather dangerous career in real estate and skyscraper financing by [FILTERED] , and it was up to [FILTERED] to provide him with one . (Filtered Words: 3)
I sat waiting for Life to come along and sweep me up . (Filtered Words: 0)
About dawn he got up to blow . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the 1960-1961 season , The Carleton Players have announced Blood Wedding by [FILTERED] , The Knight Of The Burning Pestle by Beaumont and Fletcher and A Moon For The [FILTERED] by [FILTERED] , with a pre-season production of The [FILTERED] Menagerie by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 5)
`` You're not to mention my name . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of this , I know , is recent history familiar to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hengesbach , who has been living on welfare recently , said he hopes to rebuild the farm which was settled by his grandfather in Westphalia , 27 miles southwest of here . (Filtered Words: 0)
And what eyes they were . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was constantly searching for clues around the neighborhood of the hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
The statistical analyses of achievement in relation to anxiety and teaching methods and the interactions of the two are presented in Tables 3 and 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last Saturday's interesting melange included [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and a brief excerpt from a new `` space '' opera by the Swedish composer , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
The policies which govern the program 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no justification for such misrepresentation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He should have discovered a more tender farewell . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American dream (Filtered Words: 0)
Please , Janice . (Filtered Words: 0)
See you '' , [FILTERED] said as he jumped off the wing . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was weeks before we even kissed for the first time . (Filtered Words: 0)
A project for the Air Force has been completed in which the NAIR infrared detecting device was developed for area monitoring of noxious or dangerous gases . (Filtered Words: 0)
The legislative mills have been grinding ever since , and when its cumbersome processes were no longer adequate to the task , a limited legislative authority was delegated in one form or another , to the executive . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , sir '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each stage transforms the state Af of its feed to the state Af in a way that depends on the operating variables Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
the objective of this chapter is to clarify the distinctions between spontaneity theory and other training concepts . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously someone has to sell in order for someone to buy , and vice versa . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was the theme song of millions of American people , their personal problems no less urgent than those of the government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps this is a clue to the amazing variety and power of reactions , attitudes , and emotions precipitated by the nude form . (Filtered Words: 0)
At these times he felt a kind of pain in his upper chest , but it was an objective pain , in no way different from others in intensity and not different in kind ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All for $14 ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If the polarity is correct , the platform will turn until the heading error angle is zero . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now we grow closer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the period , the laboratory rendered centralized macropathological service to qualified requesters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Difficult as it may have been at times , Pozzatti and I saw enough , talked to enough artists , historians and others to realize that the issue is quite clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is no line between France and Germany , that is , no actual line . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , avoiding hummocks and seeking low ground , they intercepted the rain squall . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is permitted . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's still such a thing as mental illness . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were 54,320 copies of fascicles sold and 642 copies distributed free during this period . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question may be raised whether or not we are dealing with a common factor in anxiety and compulsivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you publicized the cents-per-hour value of the company's share of insurance premiums ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] spent a long week end closeted with Hamrick . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was not a discourteous question , [FILTERED] decided . (Filtered Words: 1)
Meager and shabby by-products linger to haunt our memories of a once mighty protagonist ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Well maybe I'm exaggerating . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is that elemental . (Filtered Words: 0)
From here you can easily include a side trip to the old whaling port of Nantucket , Massachusetts , which looks just as it must have two centuries ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are slowly being regimented to having everything packaged , whether we want it or not . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd been there several times , back when , while he and [FILTERED] had been friends , or at least not enemies . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then it will be a `` fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God '' if you have abused Him in your hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's got the tightest running gear in the train now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Newcomers of social note from other parts of the country are [FILTERED] , formerly of Panama ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
In the event the total of rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement is different from the rupee equivalent of $1,276 million , the amounts available for the purposes specified in paragraph 1 , Article 2 , will be adjusted proportionately . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Seems to me I don't remember altering any law about that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Divergent perspectives (Filtered Words: 0)
Here there is a specific preventive component which applies in a more generalized sense to any casework situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] administration moves haltingly toward a Geneva conference on Laos just as serious debate over its foreign policy erupts for the first time . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Puny goes with pale and peaked . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine commenced to weep and it blighted the sense of enjoyment . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a problem , but we are not divided over its importance or by its existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
He half woke and rolled over with his face in the cooler grass . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be sure it's out when you leave . (Filtered Words: 0)
The large amount of vegetable grindings from the grocery store in the shopping center created a suspended solids problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Whether historical nationalism helped the peoples of the remainder of the world , and whether today's nationalism in the former colonial areas has equally beneficial aspects , are other questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The crowd staged its own mad scene in salvos of cheers and applause and finally a standing ovation as Miss [FILTERED] took curtain call after curtain call following a fantastic `` Mad Scene '' created on her own and with the help of the composer and the other performers . (Filtered Words: 1)
Every man who dabbles in the market to make a little easy money on the side and suffers losses could at the time hardly face his wife who was wondering how her husband could be so dumb . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a thrill he felt no part in . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most beautiful bed of pansies I've seen was in a South Dakota yard on a sizzling day . (Filtered Words: 0)
A pleasant start to your midwestern vacation is a few days spent in cosmopolitan Chicago . (Filtered Words: 0)
He called her `` the Mare '' much as Mrs. [FILTERED] spoke of `` the Queen , God bless her '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
On Monday , the Hughes concern was formally declared bankrupt after its directors indicated they could not draw up a plan for reorganization . (Filtered Words: 0)
I feel compelled to write this because I am greatly concerned with the problem of community growth rate and the relation between types of growth in a town such as East Greenwich . (Filtered Words: 0)
The philosophy has been that if they could find the time to attend class why not encourage them to get the credit and perhaps provide an incentive to do the work more effectively . (Filtered Words: 0)
A weekly newspaper reported a local romance : `` and the couple were married last Saturday , thus ending a friendship which began in their schooldays '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result of that attitude , others have been discouraged from trying central distribution . (Filtered Words: 0)
I want to create the impression of a compound full of children . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] attempted to cash another $100 check there Monday , hotel officials called police . (Filtered Words: 1)
Which would you be most scairt of -- a dry-gulchin' or a shoot-down '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
it made her blister . (Filtered Words: 0)
Understanding a work of art involves recognition of the ideas that it reflects or embodies . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm going to let him tell it to somebody else '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the particular gems in this collection is the impudent opening song of `` The Garrick Gaieties '' , an impressive forecast of the wit and melody that were to come from [FILTERED] and Hart in the years that followed ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Somehow , the pictures and stories of Soviet T-34 tanks on Cuban beaches and [FILTERED] jet fighters strafing rebel troops has brought home to all of us the stark , blunt truth of what it means to have a Russian military base 90 miles away from home . (Filtered Words: 1)
I felt it would be inopportune to disclose my presence . (Filtered Words: 0)
She became aware that two Italian workmen , carrying a large azalea pot , were standing before her and wanted her to move so that they could begin arranging a new row of the display . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't you and [FILTERED] ever use your brains '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
and , since the historian should only be interested in strictly terrestrial activity , his research should eliminate the supernatural . (Filtered Words: 0)
So sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
The points may also touch C without crossing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moral dread is seen as the other face of desire , and here psychoanalysis delivers to the writer a magnificent irony and a moral problem of great complexity . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no apparent comprehension of morality ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And of course the news of who the composer was did finally begin to get around among his closest friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
She convinced him that he ought to be a member of some of the small tea-drinking parties she held at her rooms and in the end he complied with her wishes , although it was only rarely that he added anything to the random conversations . (Filtered Words: 0)
It , along with Nara , was untouched by the war -- and is now a beautiful example of the loveliness of prewar Japan . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wanna drink '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One or two were writers of books ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( The address of the information cell is also supplied by the table of dictionary usage . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know a man who held resentment against a neighbor for more than three decades . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I thought I told you to stay home '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His head hung over the boards of [FILTERED]'s stall ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The ontological status of society thus is constituted by the psychological status of society's members . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his letter mentioning [FILTERED] on January 24 , 1597/8 , Sturley asked [FILTERED] especially that `` theare might ( be ) bi Sir [FILTERED]. Grev. some meanes made to the Knightes of the Parliament for an ease and discharge of such taxes and subsedies wherewith our towne is like to be charged , and I assure u I am in great feare and doubte bi no meanes hable to paie . (Filtered Words: 3)
The family estate was situated near Vadstena on Lake Vattern in south central Sweden . (Filtered Words: 0)
best growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Montero was shouting . (Filtered Words: 0)
The CTCA program of activities was profuse : [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] on the screen , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] on the stage , books provided by the American Library Association , full equipment for games and sports -- except that no `` bones '' were furnished for the all-time favorite pastime played on any floor and known as `` African golf '' . (Filtered Words: 4)
Your present history is equally admirable for its industrial and scientific achievements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is the former Miss [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
His leadership was not for audiences . (Filtered Words: 0)
It uses both an ultrasonic dimensioning arrangement of the heart and a catheter carrying a thermistor inserted into the bloodstream . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once , pressing him , I learned that his job was only part-time , in the afternoons when nothing went on in the hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You know I know it '' , Robinson answered warily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shocked speechless , [FILTERED] sat there . (Filtered Words: 1)
Above , the glowing ivory baton of their searchlight pointed at the clouds , diluting the valley's dark to a pallid light . (Filtered Words: 0)
Princess [FILTERED] , Prince Souvanna Phouma's young daughter , read the Princes' statement . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We'll be in there swinging '' , [FILTERED] said , `` but in a way , sir , you've got to decide it yourself . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nor is it an accident that baseball , growing into the national game in the last 75 years , has become a microcosm of American life , that learned societies such as the American Folklore Society and the American Historical Association were founded in the 1880s , or that courses in American literature , American civilization , American anything have swept our school and college curricula . (Filtered Words: 0)
The note paper was pink , too , and the handwriting small and dainty and utterly feminine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside , his brother [FILTERED] was waiting for him -- he had come to say good-bye . (Filtered Words: 1)
I guess you'd better go on in the morning '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the pulmonary vein , as in type 2 , , is noted to draw away from the bronchus , and to follow a more direct , independent course to the hilum ( figs. 23 , 24 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two Governments shall have the right at all reasonable times to examine such books and records and all other documents , correspondence , memoranda and other records involving transactions relating to agreed projects . (Filtered Words: 0)
An alternative was found in the vagueness of state law as to whether the offending order had in fact been authorized . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned away . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Microscopically , sections from the posterior base of the left ventricle of the heart showed several large areas of replacement of muscle by fibrous tissue . (Filtered Words: 0)
As was only natural he confided his searchings to Ann , conceding ruefully that it certainly looked as if their own Congregationalists were wrong and the Baptists right . (Filtered Words: 0)
I encountered many questions and great interest upon my return from the Soviet Union about my reactions to that experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dangerous , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
As symptomatic of the common man's malaise , he is most significant : a liberal and a Catholic , elected by the skin of his teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
experiment with defects for decoration techniques of glazes and colors ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
She grasped the chair arms and brought her thin body upright , like a bird alert for flight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stacy replied that it would bankrupt Forbes , who had just sunk all his money in a real estate venture . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the resin has hardened , mix up another batch with a pigment added if you wish . (Filtered Words: 0)
The number of successes on each shot is a value of a random variable that has values 0 or 1 , and there are 5 such random variables here . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They require , for existence , a brave spirit and a high heart , and where do you find these ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It takes a great deal of abstraction to free oneself from the primitive impression of larger unities of power and influence and to view one's world simply as a collection of sense data arranged in such and such sequence and pattern , devoid of all power to move the feelings and actions except in so far as they present themselves for inspection . (Filtered Words: 0)
faint creaking of belts and slings ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was calm , drugged , and lazy . (Filtered Words: 0)
My batting average '' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` His mouth is open '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This third choice was in fact made . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you plan to sell fresh vegetables or whole milk , for example , you should be close to a town or city . (Filtered Words: 0)
Player was the first to feel its teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mantle is not normally given to public speaking -- or , for that matter , to private speaking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Business relations between the companies and city have been under investigation by [FILTERED] and District Attorney [FILTERED] , Jr. . (Filtered Words: 2)
I love you , I hate you , I feel like killing you and myself , and in the same sequence I love you I think you're the most wonderful the most noble and so on and on , meanwhile eating a good breakfast and dinner and enjoying living . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't want to leave here , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Finally , the image of a general bundle of lines is a congruence whose order is the order of the congruence of invariant lines , namely Af and whose class is the order of the image congruence of a general plane field of lines , namely Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is that you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Regardless of the decision two facts are clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like ours , the economy of the space merchants must constantly expand in order to survive , and , like ours , it is based on the principle of `` ever increasing everybody's work and profits in the circle of consumption '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the East Providence Rescue Squad made its way through to my home in time of desperation . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are ghostly scenes in which the little boy on his rocking horse rocks madly toward the climax that will magically give him the name of the winning horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] managed to duck beneath the man's flailing fist , and drove home a solid left to Jess's mid-section . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] roared . (Filtered Words: 1)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theresa had seen him through the right college , into the right fraternity , and though pursued by various girls and various mammas of girls , safely married to the right sort , however much in the early years of that match his wife , [FILTERED] , had not seemed to understand poor [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Early in August we broke ground for a new $3,500,000 plant in Warwick , Rhode Island , which will house our textile and coil winding machinery operations . (Filtered Words: 0)
It flags such possible breakdowns of communication as rehearsed dialogue , the note of disapproval , ambivalence or ambiguity , annoyance , resentment , and the disinclination to speak at all -- this last often marked by a fade-in beginning of sentences . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kitti had come along to justify everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now they moved , rubbing their flesh alive again , disdaining the gloom they saw in the faces around them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who complains ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You haven't got the heart for baseball '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could only watch with a sort of gentle dismay while his body did these quick , appalling , and efficient things . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasionally they would write to the slaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was the day it ended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fads , facts (Filtered Words: 0)
That had only been a ruse to lure him out on the deserted road . (Filtered Words: 0)
I quit work at my usual hour as if this day was no different from other days . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] had reached his majority at eighteen ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The moment passes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nothing wrong with me that couldn't be cured '' , Nogol said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` At first I was homesick '' , he answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
On October 8th of last year , the Industrial Division sponsored the Governor's Conference on Industrial Development at the former Henry Barnard School . (Filtered Words: 0)
The exoneration Pearson speaks of is not an exoneration , but [FILTERED]'s expression of her opinion , as reported in the testimony of Assistant Marshal Fleet . (Filtered Words: 1)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was a broth of a boy , our Felix , and nothing was more obvious than the joy he took in demonstrating how agile he was and how full of juice and spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
I thought so , and he mentioned it , and [FILTERED] said so too . (Filtered Words: 1)
The equation relating input acceleration to output platform angle is Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within certain wide limits anatomy dictates function and , if one is permitted to speculate , potential pathology should be included in this statement as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was no heavier than a child . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus pencils of tangents to Q are transformed into pencils of tangents . (Filtered Words: 0)
All crystalline substances and other solid-state materials . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Knight Dream-Way Dream ) 2:34.2 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We ask the people what they want , and they supply the labor . (Filtered Words: 0)
even houses changed once a decade ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
instead of grabbing with hands , she manipulated mechanical extensions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had forgotten that she was so pretty . (Filtered Words: 0)
About half of these are exported . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the low-temperature measurements the sample was cooled by a cold nitrogen gas flow method similar to that of Andrew and Eades . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next time we saw him , he was a changed person ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Shea's efforts figure prominently in the new stadium . (Filtered Words: 0)
The program had been arranged to permit the establishment of a mood of intense concentration on the music . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be recalled that in his summation for the A.L.A.M. before Judge [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] had condemned patent litigation as the curse of the American industrial community . (Filtered Words: 2)
Hammarskjold didn't like the way it was carried out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The washing procedures are summarized in Table 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Situated in a region of some of the loveliest mountain scenery in the country , the school buildings are located amid open fields and farm lands . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was glad to have it there . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know she gives the impression of being shallow and frivolous and scatterbrained . (Filtered Words: 0)
If I hafta do this to stay alive by God I'll do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look for home building nationally to advance less than 10 percent this year from 1960's 1,257,700 non-farm housing starts . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the Orioles are to break their losing streak within the next two days , it will have to be at the expense of the American League champion New York Yankees , who come in here tomorrow for a night game and a single test Sunday afternoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
It submits an enthusiastic , impressionistic conception of Lindemann contributing another aspect of the man , but on no more authoritative basis than Sir [FILTERED]' account . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` That's Johnny '' , sighed the bank president , `` the best-hearted boy in the world , but absent-minded '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dallas , Tex. , May 1 -- ( AP ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Visa ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This birth length seems to be typical . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oslo (Filtered Words: 0)
But what could I do ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] retains his essential `` fiscal watchdog '' functions ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
This time he was making no mistake . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a pretty thorough silence at that point . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is visible throughout the city , and men from Madison Ave. would jump at the chance . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this last time he drank not to Brace but `` To Tolley '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Bisque fire to cone 08 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But now she sank lower to the rock . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cowboy's humorous name for a cow givin' milk was a `` milk pitcher '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His thirteenth chapter includes many exciting accounts of huge serpents with prodigious strength , but these seem to be given to complete his picture , not to be believed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] saw [FILTERED] staggering forward , a half-filled bottle upraised as if to strike . (Filtered Words: 2)
Do something '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Again we waited for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
You can get into an argument about fallout shelters at the drop of a beer stein in clubs and pubs these nights . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Pardon '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He got out of there in a hurry , brushing past another man in the door , mopping his brow . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in every period it has been humanism '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A phonemic system can be stated without reference to morphophonemics , but it cannot always be found without morphophonemics . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Damned if I will . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us , like the French , have outdoor cafes where we may relax , converse at leisure and enjoy the passing crowd . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is to say , an allowance for `` cost of capital '' will be assumed to be included directly in the cost apportionment . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Kennedy Administration doesn't favor import quotas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bake himself looked better ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] : (Filtered Words: 1)
Study surface of clay for defects or desired corrections . (Filtered Words: 0)
I sat there with the faint odor of charcoal-broiled steaks tantalizing my nostrils and occasionally catching the aroma of coffee . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would not be pleased to have it published back home that they planned a frolic in Paris or Hong Kong at the Treasury's expense . (Filtered Words: 0)
The time of the motion picture is fixed absolutely . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he had given the call a few moments thought , he went into the kitchen to ask Mrs. [FILTERED] to prepare tea and sushi for the visitors , using the formal English china and the silver tea service which had been donated to the mission , then he went outside to inspect the grounds . (Filtered Words: 1)
Should she disagree , she explains why in detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He unlaced his high brown shoes and took off the metal brace on his leg . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , as then , it is a matter of jobs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He no longer had to lie in his bunk all night , his eyes closed , pretending to sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was fascinated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The only hope which the public has for getting good teachers is to pay teachers on the basis of merit rather than tenure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] tomb is obviously adequate for double occupancy , Moscow is a crowded city , and the creed of Communism deplores waste . (Filtered Words: 1)
Preserving the pool (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All because I didn't feel like dancing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and we must attend to it more closely than has usually been done . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since appeals to morality , to humanity , and to sanity have had such small effect , perhaps our last recourse is the deterrent example . (Filtered Words: 0)
there had been lessons in French from a small Polish nobleman with a really profound distaste for his pupils ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was grimly satisfied . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reason ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
So long as [FILTERED]'s pa was coming out best on the haggle , [FILTERED] didn't feel the need of putting in his two-bits' worth . (Filtered Words: 2)
For such an emergency he had included Fourth-of-July cannon crackers as part of their equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are personality factors ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He is thought either to have been killed by the Fascists as soon as he landed or to have killed himself by flying out to sea and crashing his plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
the group sets the styles in clothing , the kind of play engaged in , and the ideals of right and wrong behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
The measurements made with the NRL 50-foot reflector , which is altitude-azimuth-mounted , would have shown a systematic change with local hour angle in the measured intensities of Venus and Jupiter if a substantial part of the radiation had been linearly polarized . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Aw , come on '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as it was being hauled inboard , a sea hit the ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ball floated downstream . (Filtered Words: 0)
Analytical Cubism came to an end in the collage , but not conclusively ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
St. James 18 . (Filtered Words: 0)
All we wanted to do was to stand very quietly and look and look and look . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bronchial artery , except for a small number of short branches in the hilum , contributes none of the pleural blood supply . (Filtered Words: 0)
She doled out what [FILTERED] vaguely guessed were the right amounts of dried peas , eggs , cornmeal , a little salt . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It was always the spirit with Christ ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The consummation should come at the next stopping place when they have a long private time ( day or night ) for that purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This is my hen ledger '' , he informed him in an absorbed way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Treat them right and they'll make a showing every month in the year except the frigid ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
Either I get the story -- or I get the suite '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of them paid for their curiosity with their lives , for some minutes later the first giant wave roared over the shore . (Filtered Words: 0)
You had to know , also , that you were going to fail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ptolemy recurrently denies that he could ever explain planetary motion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , I don't wish to appear happy at somebody else's misfortune '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Endeavor to get the notches as much alike as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Going downstairs with the tray , [FILTERED] wished he could have given in to [FILTERED] , but he knew better than to do what she said when she had that little-girl look . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] put the `` cribs '' and the saloons out of bounds , ordered the co-operation of military officers with local law authorities , and told communities that the troops would be moved unless wholesome conditions were restored . (Filtered Words: 1)
My heartiest congratulations go to their successors , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , who can be counted upon to sustain the illustrious tradition of the New York Times . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] thought the question over slowly and answered : `` I know a starving man who is fed never remembers all the pangs of his starvation , I know that '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
the atmosphere is that of an attractive private beach club at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is a difficult musician to categorize . (Filtered Words: 1)
That she was out for a touch was certain , but when did she get to the pitch ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As a finale is appended a close-up of one of the band taking aim and firing his revolver straight at the audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But one cannot escape the suspicion that all this non-stop harping on the misdeeds of the long liquidated `` anti-party '' group would be totally unnecessary if there were not , inside the party , some secret but genuine opposition to Khrushchev on vital doctrinal grounds , on the actual methods to be employed in the `` transition to communism '' and , last but not least , on foreign policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this must be the project of the whole American people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps the engineers can find out what causes all the congestion and suggest methods to eliminate it . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the seventeenth to the nineteenth century it was a popular practice to flood the piazza in the summer , and the aristocrats would then ride around the inundated square in their carriages . (Filtered Words: 0)
The high cost of land , supplies , and labor make it difficult to farm profitably on a part-time basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could see the happiness in the boy's eyes , the gleeful brutality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brahm's Sonata in A , although also vigorous , stood up well under the two artists' strong , large-scale treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once more , in other words , [FILTERED] is said to be indebted to Swift for his `` wit '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Macneff raised his hands apologetically and said , `` You are horrified , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
But oh , how I do sometimes need just a moment of rest , and peace , in myself '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Social invention did not have to await social theory any more than use of the warmth of a fire had to await Lavoisier or the buoyant protection of a boat the formulations of Archimedes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stanley really was quite predictable . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Every day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Syllabification . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get competitive or get out '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And his efforts to get a performance for his Gallant Muses invariably failed . (Filtered Words: 0)
This combined experience , on a foundation of very average , I assure you , intelligence and background , has helped me do things many well-informed people would bet heavily against . (Filtered Words: 0)
Introduction (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stumbled down the bank . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is still concerned , however , with a personal event . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Cut off every building at the seventh floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude went on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Banks had a family -- a wife , a daughter , and a son . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was very worried '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 , the assumptions of the model (Filtered Words: 0)
The safest place is the basement corner least exposed to windows and deepest below ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
It tastes a little like poppyseed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also received a Master of Science degree from Texas A & I College and a Bachelor of Science degree from Southwestern State College , Weatherford , Okla. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cholesterol and thyroid (Filtered Words: 0)
They are in this sense skills marketable immediately on graduation from high school . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ranted and prophesied the doom of his enemies , walking in circles in and out of his living place , drinking stolen whisky in great , gasping draughts until finally , incoherent and sick , he fell into his own oblivion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We get strange orders '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The schools could use the money to pay 4-year scholarships , based on need , of up to $2,000 a year per student . (Filtered Words: 0)
Compression strength : (Filtered Words: 0)
To starboard was a cape a thousand feet high , patched with ice and snow , populated by thousands of screaming sea birds . (Filtered Words: 0)
A135 donated (Filtered Words: 0)
Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Missouri's Clarence Cannon got the word , he turned purple . (Filtered Words: 0)
Funds from dances (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had supported him all the way , both as a chief executive and as a man . (Filtered Words: 1)
Elisha R. Potter was the Democratic candidate . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Some of the oldest , most persistent , and most cohesive forms of social groupings have grown out of religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
( opposite page , bottom ) : White clay was used , rolled to 1/4'' '' thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
This friend of many years came once to visit us in the house at Weston . (Filtered Words: 0)
This happens at the moment man loses the perception of moral substance in himself , of a nature that , in [FILTERED]'s words , is perceived as a `` locus of intelligible necessities '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
But we must never forget , most of the appropriate heroes and their legends were created overnight , to answer immediate needs , almost always with conscious aims and ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fundamental differences between physiological and pathological states of parasympathetic ( and also of sympathetic ) dominance remain to be elucidated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Location theorists have given these matters much consideration . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , whose character [FILTERED] bears a close kinship to Flem Snopes in both his willingness to take cruel advantage of all and sundry and the sharpness with which he habitually carried out his will ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Only confusion , failure and anarchy result when the effort is made to impose upon the civil authority the impossible task of policing private homes to preclude the possibility of sin . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Nassau County , for example , the heavily settled Long Island suburb of New York City , the system is credited by the state with serving one million persons , a figure that has doubled since 1950 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also ascertained that many officers were indifferent to the problem , including Commanding General [FILTERED] who gave Fosdick the nickname of `` Reverend '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
aside from her specifically regional accent , she reveals by the use of the triad , `` irritable , tense , depressed '' , a certain pedantic itemization that indicates she has some familiarity with literary or scientific language ( i.e. , she must have had at least a high-school education ) , and she is telling a story she has mentally rehearsed some time before . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is it anything like cooked-over oatmeal '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no way to know , no way to guess whether any one of them was surprised at [FILTERED]'s appearance , believing her to be drugged and senseless -- and just possibly dead . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rhode Island's rate of $.07 per mile is considerably lower than reimburseable rates in the federal government and in industry nationally which approximate a $.09 per mile average . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were further stripped of old wive's tales by seeing the slender , lovely Russian girls performing feats requiring tremendous strength and with not one bulging muscle . (Filtered Words: 0)
It cannot be smoothed over by now cherishing his sarcasms as delightful bits of self-deprecation or by solemnly calling for a reconsideration of the justice of the objections to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
There had been something sinister about him that warned me against him , -- I had never felt that way about any other boy , -- but when he uttered his name on the telephone I had forgotten this and I was glad to do what he asked of me . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the verdict came in against his young neighbor , Hengesbach said : (Filtered Words: 0)
His father was a professor at Hartford Theological Seminary , and from him he acquired a conviction , which he passed along to me , that there is in the universe of persons a moral law , the law of love , which is a natural law in the same sense as is the physical law . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the clock given him was the inscription , `` For Outstanding Contribution to [FILTERED] , 1960-61 '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It will , however , inhibit the sprouting of potatoes and other root vegetables . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mayor of the town taught them English and French . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did not answer . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It's all right '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a significantly greater number in this group who reported a desk as being in a tilted position while a tennis ball resting on it remained stationary on the incline . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 32 C Minor Variations with which he opened moved fluently yet logically from one to another , leaving the right impression of abundance under discipline . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was uttering threats in a low but savage voice when they closed and padlocked the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was just short of arm's reach when he stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He need only pick up one of the two red telephone receivers at his extreme left , right next to the big red button marked alert . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe you and me will , girlie , but these two ain't goin' nowhere '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I heard the screech of brakes behind me , an insane burst of laughter beneath me . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have already mentioned that Mr. [FILTERED] of Newburyport was the inventor of the arched bridges in this country . (Filtered Words: 1)
bending , he touched her knee . (Filtered Words: 0)
A little investigation by telephone or reading the travel ads in the newspapers and magazines will give you these pertinent details on the additional money-saving benefits . (Filtered Words: 0)
They're easier to shade there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The art of Defoe and [FILTERED] is founded on an awareness of this great change . (Filtered Words: 1)
The engagement was supposed to be all set for the big theater in McCormick Place , which [FILTERED] , ballet booker extraordinary , considers the finest house of its kind in the country -- and of course he doesn't weep at the capacity , either . (Filtered Words: 1)
And [FILTERED] would -- (Filtered Words: 1)
A quarter to seven . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bacterial and fungal enzymes . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was extended the following year to include the railroad station agent's office and [FILTERED]'s Hotel at Factory Point . (Filtered Words: 1)
For an instant the old aunt felt something indefinable flash through her smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or oviform ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Monument to togetherness (Filtered Words: 0)
In other words , as students go through college , those who are most successful academically tend to become more committed to a `` Bill of Rights '' orientation . (Filtered Words: 0)
) And his eyes -- those miniature sundials of variegated yellow -- had not altered their expression or direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , our way of dealing directly with natural phenomena has also changed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wait a minute , Charlie '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , Zen owes more to Chinese Quietism than it does to Mahayana Buddhism . (Filtered Words: 0)
For further information , contact SBA Regional Offices in Atlanta , Ga. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She also likes the femininity and charm of designs by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
two Ranger Fund purchase awards ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I -- got fired yesterday for not attending to business '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Here they built huts and a stockade named Fort Daer after Selkirk's barony in Scotland . (Filtered Words: 0)
on January 8 , 1927 , he returned to the Grosvenor in high spirits , and looking fit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Image intensifiers based upon the multipactor principle appear to hold promise as far as obtainable resolution is concerned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing in the Title shall be construed as the assumption of any liability by the United States for the payment or satisfaction , in whole or in part , of any claim on behalf of any national of the United States against any foreign government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Very little in today's living provides the strength we need and nothing provides the flexibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus there are polynomials Af such that Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty was neutral . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] wore a maroon smoking jacket , and his myopic eyes were blurry and glistened behind thick octagonal lenses . (Filtered Words: 1)
If it is assumed that the formula given by Lodge of cosec Af applies , the pressure difference along the major axes can be calculated from the angle of inclination of the major axis , and from this the interfacial tension can be calculated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simply out of bloodlust , their murderers dismembered the bodies and tossed the remains into the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
One might expect that in a poetic career of seventy-odd years , some changes in style and method would have occurred , some development taken place . (Filtered Words: 0)
He boomed a 280-yard drive . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Phoenix arrest culminates more than a year's investigation by [FILTERED] and other officers . (Filtered Words: 1)
Again she snarled , and again he edged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The anti-trust laws inform a business that it must compete , but along completely undefined lines ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i.e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seventeen months later , on September 6 , 1611 , an Irish fishing boat sighted the Discovery limping eastward outside Galway Bay . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Italian master [FILTERED] , no less sensitive , knows twice the ecstasy though he thinks of a car's adhesion to a wet two-lane road at 165 miles an hour as a matter best expressed in algebraic formulae . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] was mentioned in 1602 in the will of [FILTERED] , widow of a Stratford glover . (Filtered Words: 2)
Perhaps it was all a vividly conceived dream . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , this is only another way of saying that blood is thicker than water . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , an uncompromising Garrisonian ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The valley lay clear , and open to the eye , right up to the sharp-limbed line of gaunt , scoured hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since a fall or blow might have caused it , a cold pack was usually first aid . (Filtered Words: 0)
sometimes he would be up before dawn , clad as a garbage collector and hurling pails into areaways to exasperate us , and thereafter would hurry to the Bronx Zoo to grimace at the lions and press cigar butts against their paws . (Filtered Words: 0)
As if to make certain that [FILTERED] would be unable to pay any settlement at all , [FILTERED] wrote to prospective clients denouncing him ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the work is done by hand , the only limitation , it is said , `` is that of human conception '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether it will strike home for you or not will be for you to determine . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were further stripped of old wive's tales by seeing the slender , lovely Russian girls performing feats requiring tremendous strength and with not one bulging muscle . (Filtered Words: 0)
After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice-filled passageway -- and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . (Filtered Words: 0)
And of course [FILTERED] has just the thing they want . (Filtered Words: 1)
They supplemented their income by small government assistance , by tutoring and economizing wherever they could . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Bultmann's own definition of myth is strictly adhered to ( and it is interesting that this is almost never done by those who make such pronouncements ) , the evidence is overwhelming that he does not at all exaggerate the extent to which the mythological concepts of traditional theology have become incredible and irrelevant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , as we increase the number of desegregated school districts and schools themselves , how can we achieve this action through school board action ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well then , I'll get out '' -- But she looked uncertain . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hold , on the contrary , that we mean to assert something of the pain itself , namely , that it was bad -- bad when and as it occurred . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gen. [FILTERED] , the President's special military adviser , is a level-headed officer who is not likely to succumb to propaganda or pressure . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Go back to that double-married man of yours who so parades his fine body among the young women . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've never done this before '' , they always said , shaking their dresses down over their white shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the assignment pass , each instruction is examined for reference to the symbolic name of an index word or electronic switch . (Filtered Words: 0)
10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may have to provide them yourself or get along without them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ideas are the thruway to nowhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reliance is therefore not to be placed upon the archaeological particulars in an oral poem ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
After a while the signal became a buzz and I knew he was behind me . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would seem , therefore , that in a civilizational crisis man cannot save himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ordinance would increase fees from $1 for males and $2 for females to a flat $5 a dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
The whole fucken sky's caved in ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He studied the problem for a few seconds and thought of a means by which it might be solved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ardent , opinionated , even obstinate , they were amazingly articulate , wrote their own copy , and were masters of phrasemaking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Martin guessed that Dolores would not be so eager to tell the next installment of her story . (Filtered Words: 0)
What he was about became clear to her with the circulation of another broadside proclamation by General [FILTERED] , threatening reprisals against Rebel guerrillas . (Filtered Words: 1)
The troops must have more than the common quantity of liquor , and perhaps there will be some little drunkenness among them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s insight is verified by the mysterious link between [FILTERED] and his arch-opponent , Dr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
and the reverse-surface decorating techniques now used for escutcheons , medallions , etc. , owes much to the field , as does the technology of designing with the light-transmitting properties of the transparent plastics . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Government reported last week that the index of prices received by farmers rose in the month ended at mid-September for the third consecutive month , reaching 242% of the 1910-14 average compared with 237% at mid-July . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was of unsettled mind as to whether he should go abroad when the Gantry galleys were finished . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man said , backing up a step , still looking down . (Filtered Words: 0)
New organs of unification proliferated in the decade following the conclusion of the NATO alliance . (Filtered Words: 0)
and for the third resistor , 3.3 millidegrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here in the cool darkness Mr. [FILTERED] could still feel the warmth of midday , could still see the yellow butterflies dancing over the road , could still see the friendly grin on the young , sun-browned face as the driver looked back over his shoulder for a moment before the car streaked out of sight . (Filtered Words: 1)
those who wrote them knew people and what made people tick . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so do the prostitutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
It won't cost you a cent , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
Miraculously , Karipo and her women had succeeded in driving a hundred invaders from the isle of Pamasu back to their war canoes , after considerable loss of life on both sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
It can cut a red squirrel neatly in two or burst a crow into a flurry of feathers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeing these did nothing for [FILTERED]'s mood . (Filtered Words: 1)
The baby can have an early nap . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` By the way '' , said Mr. [FILTERED] , packing his tools into a battered carrier , `` them power tools needs extra voltage . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] began falling in love . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` C'est formidable '' , they exclaimed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of primary interest are meats . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bullet flung Gray Eyes from his horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
He heard the words : `` Rock of Ages , cleft for me , Let me hide myself in Thee ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
To the extent that urban life contributes to the breakdown of the group patterns of residential isolation , to that extent it contributes directly to increased exogamy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the original absent sitter must decide whether the statements are meaningful to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
That ought to draw a laugh , [FILTERED] reasoned , as he stored the line away on the wax tape that was his mind . (Filtered Words: 1)
Probably saw me in the lobby . (Filtered Words: 0)
A table or set of tables may be set out as in Table 2.1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet his editors did not abandon their sense of story value . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still more time was consumed while the pilot , at the radioed suggestion of Continental president [FILTERED] , tried to persuade the armed pair to swap the Boeing jet for a propeller-driven [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Jist like that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He said that his information was so secret that he would not be able to confide in me the origin of his pipeline tip . (Filtered Words: 0)
He evidently earned the place assigned him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Criticality : (Filtered Words: 0)
To everyone's astonishment he seemed no more like the run-of-the-mine Russian ambassador than [FILTERED] was like [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
In a matter of months the War Department built thirty-two camps , each one accommodating fifty thousand men -- sixteen were under canvas in the South and sixteen with frame structures in the North . (Filtered Words: 0)
To us and to every nation of the Free World , rich or poor , these qualities are necessary today as never before if we are to march together to greater security , prosperity and peace . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a graduate of Miss [FILTERED]'s school , stayed on in Florence as a career girl . (Filtered Words: 2)
Peanuts are the world's second most important legume . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a fine luncheon in the cafeteria , the kitchen of which [FILTERED] had planned , Mr. [FILTERED] and I left to meet representatives of the USIS for a visit to the University of Tokyo . (Filtered Words: 2)
And trailers for boats are not what they started out to be ten years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most frequent views of the value of literature is the education of sensibility that it is thought to provide . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a moment's thought he replied , `` That still leaves you a lot of latitude '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Heretic '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
That place is crawling with [FILTERED] and his gang '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Discussed below are some of the main things to look for when you select a part-time farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Which will serve not only the best interest of the stockholders , but the interests of all the traveling public ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But when I saw that it was already ten past seven , I began to wonder if something had gone wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] swung into the saddle , yet still he delayed , his brows puckered . (Filtered Words: 1)
The account of the battle is , next to his descriptions of [FILTERED]'s campaigns , [FILTERED]'s outstanding military narrative . (Filtered Words: 2)
We must build a corps of highly professional teachers of interior design who have had education , experience in the profession and are willing to take on the usual accompaniments of teaching -- minimal income and minimal status among their confreres . (Filtered Words: 0)
Magazine advertising included Management Methods , The New Englander , [FILTERED] , and Plant Location . (Filtered Words: 1)
Poultry (Filtered Words: 0)
Bong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] place could not be far now . (Filtered Words: 1)
Minerals exploration (Filtered Words: 0)
It is puzzling to the occidental mind ( to mine at least ) to assign `` sacredness '' to animal , insect , and plant life . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` Jist stay still . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems like only last year that we watched them set out up the hill hand in hand on a rainy day in their yellow raincoats to finger-paint at the grammar school . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the shaken Palmer finally did hit his fourth shot , he overshot the hole by 15 feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon intelligence that the formidable agitator was to favor them with his presence , the benighted inhabitants of Pawtuxet , alas , gave their allegiance to Massachusetts and asked that colony to expel the newcomers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The simplest kind of separate system uses a single , self-contained unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it was , his absence because of his final illness was a blow to the administration . (Filtered Words: 0)
China never tried to integrate Tibet by extirpating the people's religion and institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
Fifteen hundred names were selected in this fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sake '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A royal decree issued in 1910 , two years after the Belgian government assumed authority for the administration of the Congo , prescribed the registration of all adult males by chiefdoms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spring used a [FILTERED] surface-analyzer in a metal-cleaning study and showed considerable differences in soil removal , depending upon surface roughness . (Filtered Words: 1)
Acreage in excess of the minimum is good practice as recreation areas are never too large for the future and it is often more economical to operate one large area than several small ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Make him lie down ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Tony Calenda '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
After the recommendation of the Department is forwarded to the appeal board , that is the appropriate place for a registrant to lodge his denial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he became involved in a ruckus remarkably similar to the one in Plymouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
At 12,000 feet , Fiedler signaled `` release '' , and started the roaring pulse-jet engine -- then streaked away from beneath the Heinkel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outputs of the two systems are measured by a pulse-timing circuit and a resistance bridge , followed by a simple analogue computer which feeds a multichannel recorder . (Filtered Words: 0)
In `` Revulsion '' , on the other hand , the pessimism is a case not proven ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of these aspects will be seen as comparable to those of the ideal detective , but where the detective is active and militant , the jazz musician is passive , almost a victim of society . (Filtered Words: 0)
She fell asleep leaning on her hand , hearing the house creaking as though it were a living a private life of its own these two hundred years , hearing the birds rustling in their cages and the occasional whirring of wings as one of them landed on the table and walked across the newspaper to perch in the crook of her arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
She sat down at the table , shaking her head . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could , by avoiding direct intervention , provide a short-of-war strategy to meet short-of-war infiltration . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two kids were together a lot , they were having some kind of teen-age affair -- God knows how far that had gone -- and the kid's crippled . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I must then be standing on the line between France and Germany '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beckworth left the tent . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his only attack on the Republicans , Hughes said , `` The three Republican candidates for governor are tripping over their feet for popular slogans to win the primary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Caper ( Hoot Mon-Columbia Hanover ) , 2:30.3-:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
it can be made in two words , Utopian communism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matsuo shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he has proclaimed greater or less affiliation between all Western hemisphere languages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our central goal should be to provide the greatest positive incentive for these societies to tackle boldly the tasks which they face . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trustees will prepare an annual budget for the college and submit it to the board of school estimate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl looked around quickly at several of the people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly the optimism of age protests too much . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is , until I became an editor , hence , in his eyes , a rival . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , at the same [FILTERED] , has something to cry about . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Well , let's take a ground-level look at the country around here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thor Hanover ( Adios-Trustful Hanover ) is a wonderful looking prospect and another good individual , with solid , rugged conformation , good , flat bone and excellent feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shedding his prison cloak , Helion shot through the gates , now clad in civilian garments and with the passport of a Flemish worker . (Filtered Words: 0)
Commanding the Continental Army for six long years of the Revolution , he was the indispensable factor in the ultimate victory . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s `` signature '' is the perpetually extended glad hand . (Filtered Words: 1)
The cook , [FILTERED] , had arrived there long before the herd . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'd rather keep bailing -- or sink '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whenever possible , use the wooden mold as a pattern for cutting clay . (Filtered Words: 0)
For internal political reasons , the union asks for ( and accepts ) increases in the basic wage rate , and would vigorously oppose a reduction in this rate , but the adjustment of the basic wage rate upwards is essentially up to the discretion of the companies of the industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other services will show different rates of return , some probably much lower and some higher . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tell her to come here to the hotel '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You thought I was a Mexican , didn't you , buddy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Lines 23-36 of Lycidas later point to a friendship with [FILTERED] , who entered Christ's College 9 June 1626 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Developments up to about 1957 have been discussed by [FILTERED] ( 1958 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , p , 1:59.3 has trotted in 2:26 , and is expected to race at this gait ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
but in this respect it was merely following the accepted Chinese convention for all maps . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I wheeled about , finned fore and aft , I was the darling of the doormen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirty-five (Filtered Words: 0)
The play's device is to explore society's obsession with disaster and violence through the eyes of a group of artist's models who remain part of someone else's painting rather than just be themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
To my knowledge , Lincoln remains the only Head of State and Commander-in-Chief who , while fighting a fearful war whose issue was in doubt , proved man enough to say this publicly -- to give his foe the benefit of the fact that in all human truth there is some error , and in all our error , some truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever the reasons , not in 30 years has a single season produced such thunderous assaults upon the bureau of baseball records , home-run division . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. speaks (Filtered Words: 1)
Nightclubs (Filtered Words: 0)
What does the camping couple do to this set of figures ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Deegan '' , the manager said , his voice pitched low , quivering . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was amazingly light , and so relaxed in his arms that he wasn't even sure she was conscious . (Filtered Words: 0)
Students of anthropology and comparative religion had long been aware that there was , indeed , a direct connection . (Filtered Words: 0)
I got her into bed , and sat with her until she had sobbed herself out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who enter the front door of the church intelligently and with Christian dedication will not so easily step through the back door because of lost interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nearby [FILTERED] is ousting Negroes . (Filtered Words: 1)
He moved in a `` highly intellectual '' group in Greenwich Village in the late forties , becoming `` internationalized '' overnight . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , he won't '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Sample areas in the new investigations were selected strictly by application of the principles of probability theory , so as to be representative of the total population of defined areas within calculable limits . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was crying softly to himself , shedding his striped suit and fumbling into the nondescript butternut pants , the worn brown shirt . (Filtered Words: 1)
Two clotted balls the color of mucus rolled between fiery lids . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirty-four (Filtered Words: 0)
But with [FILTERED] on the fiddle , and [FILTERED] exuberantly shouting `` Glory Be '' and `` Hallelujah '' above their united chant of the lilting old ballads , they played their quaint folk games with all the fervor and abandon of a real celebration . (Filtered Words: 2)
( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He gave his life for his beliefs . (Filtered Words: 0)
We must ask ourselves which of the two alternatives will help the commuter -- the two-way B. & O. - C. & O. merger , or the three-way New York Central - B. & O. - C. & O. merger . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I couldn't help thinking that Nadine and Wally were getting just what they deserved . (Filtered Words: 0)
You must know before you start what the needs and objectives of your organization are ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Although after much trouble he did manage to get it back , he discovered there was no trade to be had . (Filtered Words: 0)
Giving most of his musical continuity to the orchestra , he lets the speech fall into place as if by coincidence , but controlling the pace and emphasis of the words . (Filtered Words: 0)
Assuredly in our political campaigns there is freedom to think , to examine any and all issues , and to speak without restraint . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Hostage ( closed ) , by Ireland's [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
They criticized parents for never having emphasized traditional concepts of right and wrong ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Strength began to zip up and down his chest . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , all right then '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] remembered a Bathyran meeting long ago . (Filtered Words: 1)
The one line on the bride said she was Miss [FILTERED] from Baton Rouge . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] drew in the fragrance deeply , letting the smoke lie warm and soothing in his throat for a moment before he exhaled . (Filtered Words: 1)
I think you could have heard him a mile away , and he was bursting at every seam with importance . (Filtered Words: 0)
This constitutes about 17 percent of the long-range requirements for these facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , I reloaded my gun , as the other men were doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
For another second or two he gave in to the annoyance that was directed at himself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As the pace of the quadrennial American political festival accelerated , Mr. [FILTERED] took more notes . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- (Filtered Words: 0)
He stared at the dipper , turning it over and over in his wide , calloused hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Nashville , a school was dynamited . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine the sum of the products obtained in item 8 above , for all the States . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Any difference in the rate '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] was in the shop '' , the Herald Tribune story related , `` but was reluctant to have anybody's picture taken inside , because his business was too ' confidential ' for pictures . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even though it was known that the [FILTERED] in the north was now being directed by the young and energetic General [FILTERED] , the commander who would conduct the `` Little Blitz '' on London in 1944 , a major raid on [FILTERED] at this juncture of the war was not to be considered seriously . (Filtered Words: 3)
The clerk impressed this upon me : that I should not arrive in the hall before ten o'clock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are planning and strategy development emphasized sufficiently in your company ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Aegean in 800 B.C. (Filtered Words: 0)
The waves are separated by intervals of 15 minutes to an hour or more ( because of their great length ) , and this has often lulled people into thinking after the first great wave has crashed that it is all over . (Filtered Words: 0)
Managing Director [FILTERED] has agreed to cooperate fully with [FILTERED] after a period of sharp disagreement on the matter . (Filtered Words: 2)
We find it in Plato's Republic , and in Utopia More acknowledges his debt to that book . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The Lord is my light and my salvation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But now the dream was over . (Filtered Words: 0)
The kid '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
This would mean , it can readily be seen , that , again , for each new visual experience , the tracing motions would have to be repeated because of the absence of visual imagery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Purchase of state vehicles is handled similarly to all state purchases . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even so , [FILTERED]'s dislike of the suave , correct lawyer deepened . (Filtered Words: 1)
Armbro Comet ( Nibble Hanover-Mauri Hanover ) has been in 2:38 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bandaging And Splinting ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The result was that the rate of venereal disease in the American Army was the lowest in our military history . (Filtered Words: 0)
The country is committed to the doctrine of security by military means . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beginners' guns , '61 (Filtered Words: 0)
They are often ignorant as well as underprivileged . (Filtered Words: 0)
I do not accept that the choice is between capitulation and the certainty of nuclear war '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I gauged that blow to be borderline . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shout at Eichmann though he might , the Prosecutor could not establish that the defendant was falsifying the way he felt about Jews or that what he did feel fell into the generally recognized category of anti-Semitism . (Filtered Words: 0)
These regional differences of sensitivity to pain may be of crucial significance during the earliest intercourse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Follow manufacturer's recommendation carefully . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I asked him what , if anything , I could do about it , he surprised me by referring me to the director of the hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's one of the reasons art is becoming a useless occupation . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is the danger that the questions will mean different things to different respondents . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , I'm so delighted to meet you '' , she gushed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his answer thereto , he advised the Board that he had made no such statement in 1956 , and asserted that his only claim to `` pioneering '' was in 1952 . (Filtered Words: 0)
How can the vicious circle be broken ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The pieces must be placed in the context of the prepared messages by [FILTERED]'s staff . (Filtered Words: 1)
One said , `` When I get a cold I buy a bottle of whiskey for it , and within a few hours it's gone '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one asks questions about the free union of the sexes in West Venice so long as the partners share the negative attitudes of the group . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s speech , and the spectacular disturbance in the gallery , were both touched off by the death , in Katanga , the day before , of Patrice Lumumba . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Treasury arrives at substantially the same conclusion , but skirts the problem of section 203 of the United States Code . (Filtered Words: 0)
Generally these commissions work earnestly to represent the interest of the entire society , as they conceive it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Best not to get everything at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
There still remained the need for one great film artist to explore the full potential of the new form and to make it an art . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lazy sing-song was spaced in time like the drone of a bumble-bee . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a moment later he brought his horse forward into the light , and Wilson had a good look at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Henrietta nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ever since the fire of 1812 destroyed the beautiful furniture assembled by President [FILTERED] , the White House has collected a hodgepodge of period pieces , few of them authentic or aesthetic . (Filtered Words: 1)
Or I'll turn you over to the police '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Tension management and communication of sentiment are the processes involved in the functioning of the element of sentiment or feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] bought some cotton aprons , and [FILTERED] bought shoestrings . (Filtered Words: 2)
Heat and serve hot on toast . (Filtered Words: 0)
She's been in and out of my house for a dozen years now , although she's still a teen-ager who looks like a baby , she is getting married . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is still , however , the junior member of the League , if not in years at least in the catching up it has had to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is throttling the liberty my father gave his life to win '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
and finally , the best part of all , simply sit at the plank table in the kitchen with a bottle of wine and the newspapers , reading the ads as well as the news , registering nothing on her mind but letting her soul suspend itself above all wishing and desire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oilcloth only costs about 79-cents a yard for the very best . (Filtered Words: 0)
A heart attack when she was barely 20 put an end to the 10-hour daily practicing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And you fall for a lumber jockey '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , he replies , `` full grown , adult show dogs , housebroken , and obedience-trained '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Either way , the [FILTERED] chorus sings them in fine style with every colorful word and its musical frame spelled out in terms of agreeable listening . (Filtered Words: 1)
In either case , they do not appreciate the private detective's zeal . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the warriors suddenly leaped to his feet and began running across the valley to the trees that lined the small creek . (Filtered Words: 0)
In desperation [FILTERED] consulted Eugenia one afternoon : `` Do you think you could find me something I could do here at home to make some money , so I could still watch the baby and do the rest of the things '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
and as graduates gratefully recall , she drew on her purse as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
He himself seems to be tough , tireless , able and intelligent , more intellectual and self-critical than most soldiers . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they do as well as they did in 1960 there can be no complaint . (Filtered Words: 0)
Protection from other damage (Filtered Words: 0)
But , you see , those who are not mentioned will not resent it . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we would like your permission to do -- that is , to go further if it proves necessary '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was thinking of the heat and of water that morning when I was plowing the stubble field far across the hill from the farm buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
A memory lapse in the last somewhat marred the pianist's performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] passed into the corridor , their `` good lucks '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
I set it on the Gator trailer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check your cafeteria location to make sure it's convenient for most employees . (Filtered Words: 0)
The future could be worse . (Filtered Words: 0)
We stood under a gigantic tree in the rolling country just outside of Moscow looking at silent flowers on the grave of a Russian poet and writer who cherished the love for his country to the point of foregoing the highest international honor . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had become king at fifteen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not satisfied with various unofficial checks on the liveliness of baseballs currently in use , the major leagues have ordered their own tests , which are in progress at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only , they carefully substituted old country folk dances for the Virginia Reels and square dances that were so popular among more worldly trains in the great westward migration . (Filtered Words: 0)
There lay Grand Fair's [FILTERED] , his own young parents' graves , but new life and promise for his sons , grandsons . (Filtered Words: 1)
No one suggested that the ethical effects of the art were irrelevant . (Filtered Words: 0)
it's a short , light , quick-handling , fast-firing little timber gun designed to push a heavy slug at modest velocity but with lots of killing power and ample range for our most popular big game -- whitetail . (Filtered Words: 0)
As if divining my thoughts , the girl Songau smiled warmly and said in the casual tone an American woman might use in describing her rose garden : (Filtered Words: 0)
a clever naturalistic touch is Varlaam's labored reading of the warrant . (Filtered Words: 0)
consequently , one's wine closet or cellar should be away from machines or electrically driven furnaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alastor was published only to be savagely attacked , contemptuously ignored . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was to be expected that Stanley would be shy , slow in taking such a momentous step . (Filtered Words: 0)
The adolescent's capacity to anticipate achievement and to exercise the self-discipline necessary to complete tasks successfully depends on the degree to which he or she developed autonomy , initiative , and self-discipline during childhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
It assumes that things are as they seem when they seem best , and when they seem worst it overlooks them . (Filtered Words: 0)
She envied him . (Filtered Words: 0)
This keeps it cool and moist and protects it from birds . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's finished eating '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , who gave the only piano recital of the recently concluded 23rd Beethoven Festival , penetrated deep into the spirit of the style . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'm [FILTERED] , said the stranger , `` and I've come for [FILTERED] body '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Fears prejudicial aspects (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Analytical phase of their Cubism , Braque and [FILTERED] had not only had to minimize three-dimensionality simply in order to preserve it ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Terminiello v. Chicago involved a conviction for disorderly conduct under a local ordinance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , politician (Filtered Words: 1)
It wasn't like carrying the suitcase . (Filtered Words: 0)
He started practice in 1917 , and served on the State Board of Medical Examiners . (Filtered Words: 0)
From this side he could see farther into the legation's third-story window , but he saw no faces ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There are the boards over the window , of course , but they're not painted and too rough to take prints . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another teen-ager remarked : `` Most Jews don't believe in God , but they believe in people -- in helping people '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check to see if some of your benefits -- such as on-the-job disability pay -- can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Study surface of clay for defects or desired corrections . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is outstanding in type and conformation -- good body , plenty of heart girth , stands straight on his legs on excellent feet -- and has the smoothest gait . (Filtered Words: 1)
But in any event , I submit that the power to depose belongs to Congress , not to this Court . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meredith's fingers slowed and stopped over a line before him : Sie lacheln , die [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I turned to look at the lubra . (Filtered Words: 0)
C . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since civilizational change is the most difficult to perceive and analyze , it seldom is given adequate attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
In many cases that statement -- `` We break even on our downtown operation and make money on our branches '' -- would be turned around if the cost analysis were recalculated on terms less prejudicial to the old store . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where was [FILTERED] waiting with the rifle ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But brother I can't take a job right now '' , she said with her eyes on her ice cream , `` I'm going to have a baby , [FILTERED] baby , my own husband's baby '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A site may also be attractive just through the beauty of its trees and shrubs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus earth has fallen to the center of the universe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her neighbors in the expensive Houston apartment building told reporters that the ash-blonde beauty had talked at times about her past as `` the Golden Girl of the [FILTERED] trial '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Take hands ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
My sincere wish is that he continues to add to this record he sets here today . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made good , plain American common sense and the House usually recognized it and acted upon it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not a mess you can make sense of '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then one day [FILTERED]'s classmate Jimmy , from next door , let the cat out of the bag . (Filtered Words: 1)
Speaking of `` pride '' , he deplored the noncommissioned officer `` whose uniform looks like it belonged to someone who retired in 1940 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That's our boy [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A letter awaited her at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
to the piazza Navona and pantheon (Filtered Words: 0)
These suggested interpretations were given by the subjects spontaneously when they were told that there were people who reacted differently than they had . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remarks of Hon. [FILTERED] of Ohio (Filtered Words: 1)
He crossed the street and walked swiftly southward to circle back to the Boulevard and north a block to the open restaurant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its aim : To undermine further Cuba's economy . (Filtered Words: 0)
How safe is too safe ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus to has light stress both in that was the conclusion that I came to and in that was the conclusion I came to . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , who danced the `` Nutcracker '' pas de deux , were also seen in the Petipa-Minkus pas de deux from `` Don Quixote '' , another brilliant showpiece that displayed their technical prowess handsomely . (Filtered Words: 2)
The disagreement was over what Dr. [FILTERED] had said at a previous session and how his remarks appeared in the minutes presented at the following meeting . (Filtered Words: 1)
The necessary inference , as the authors themselves interpret it , would seem to be this : `` ( ( 1 ) Spatial qualities are not among those grasped by the sense of touch , as such . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the telephone rang on the day after [FILTERED] went down to the village , Rector had a hunch it would be [FILTERED] with some morsel of information too important to wait until his return , for there were few telephones in the village and the phone in Rector's office rarely rang unless it was important . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Well I was able to do it '' , Charlotte said with no sign of irritation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bathing the itching parts with kerosene gave relief and also killed the pests . (Filtered Words: 0)
To keep themselves entrenched in power , the priests were forced to demonstrate their unique status through the miracle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Go back where you can bring no harm , or I will go and get the old man from his bed so he can see your shame '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You do that or take you out a permit right now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Shall I let them know you're awake '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the Greek word most often translated as `` baptism '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone's walking past , you want to stop him , zoooop , snag him around the neck with the crook in your cane . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pert , gray-haired woman who came to Denver three years ago from Buffalo , N.Y. , is a `` civilian '' with the Army . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ultracentrifugation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's really rotten to drink good cognac like that , but I hadn't cared before . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Folk-lore , superstition and remembered passages from erotic literature can create physical and emotional problems if blindly taken as scientific facts and useful hints . (Filtered Words: 0)
Newest small-boat playground is the Salton Sea , a once-dry desert sinkhole which is now a salty lake 42 miles long and 235 feet below sea level . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had bought their house in Catatonia after investigating all the regions of suburbia surrounding New York ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The same month that Alastor was published , Murray sold twenty thousand copies of The Siege Of Corinth , a slovenly bit of Byronism that even [FILTERED]'s generosity rebelled at . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the eve of his return to their native Naxos he speaks with his wife of the masterpiece which rises before them in its completed perfection . (Filtered Words: 0)
Start with the class standing in a circle , with weight on the right foot and the left extended a little way into the circle . (Filtered Words: 0)
then the number of successes is always 0 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The supportive relations can apparently be achieved in geographical and social isolation . (Filtered Words: 0)
You used to paint in them , and then you just took them for rags . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though there is obviously great need for continued experimentation with various types of short-term intervention to further efforts in developing an operational definition of prevention at the secondary -- or perhaps , in some instances , primary -- level , the place of short-term intervention has already been documented by a number of investigators in a wide variety of settings . (Filtered Words: 0)
The '52 Cards were 6-7 on May 1 but ended with 88 triumphs , the club's top since 1949 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He smiled and stuck a large finger with white hairs sprouting on it into his ear as though that might help . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Tokyo [FILTERED] took up a life similar to that which he had lived in New York , except that he had replaced his biwa with a friend . (Filtered Words: 1)
You too , Sean ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The very nature of a choice so grounded in distinction and fact leads to the valid convictions which become force of will in the manifest leader . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must not fail to hear it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hour couldn't change it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was uninjured . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was late , and [FILTERED] was ready to go to sleep , but [FILTERED] was not . (Filtered Words: 2)
) what it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
He was mad about stars at the age of nine . (Filtered Words: 0)
He brought her shawls . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the case of social decay , form is displaced simply by the process of dissolution with no form at the terminus of the process . (Filtered Words: 0)
This same preoccupation with missiles at the expense of aircraft has resulted in our half-hearted effort to develop nuclear propulsion for aircraft . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe there isn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
These factors can make the difference between waste and efficiency in any benefit program . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's he doing there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A man named [FILTERED] , with `` y '' and `` e '' but pronounced without them , had been fired at Payne's insistence . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Well , that's your business , Mr. [FILTERED] '' , said [FILTERED] , and his dreamy eyes moved past Mr. [FILTERED]' shoulder to gaze vaguely out the ground-glass window . (Filtered Words: 3)
We can help in the planning process (Filtered Words: 0)
If mankind could be convinced of that (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Artists and poets are the raw nerve-ends of humanity ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately , those who would remedy our `` softness '' seek to do so with calisthenics . (Filtered Words: 0)
The agreement gives us rights for manufacturing and marketing of such materials in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
It now becomes evident that the denominational church is intimately involved with the economy of middle-class culture , for it serves to crystallize the social class identity of middle-class residential groupings . (Filtered Words: 0)
We will now speak of the ways in which it helped shape the ideals of the country and of the manner in which it stimulated efforts to attain those ideals through reform movements , through programmes for bringing the collective life to the nation to conformity to Christian standards , and through leaders in the government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet here they were obviously thought to be handsome , and felt themselves to be so . (Filtered Words: 0)
The North should thank its stars that such has been the case ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose the same emotion holds , if to a lesser degree , with any famous monument . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey watched him coming with a vision as clean as the glare on the metal sides of the trailer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Queen of the seas (Filtered Words: 0)
Her mother was a [FILTERED] and her father's family came from the Orkney Isles . (Filtered Words: 1)
Respondents' practices in participating in negotiated bidding for defense purposes ( Part D of the questionnaire ) 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
One week before the convention , Depew was seated on the porch of a country home on the Hudson , gazing at the opposite shore . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of [FILTERED]'s playing strikes me as finicky , however . (Filtered Words: 1)
The beautiful , the satisfying part of his disintegration , however , was the masterly way the [FILTERED] polished him off . (Filtered Words: 1)
St. John 12 , 13 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The audience did not think much of the new pastor , and what the new pastor thought of the audience he did not dare at the time to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
theory of non-newtonian fluids (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
However , modesty and triviality are different qualities . (Filtered Words: 0)
The burial was out in Riverside Cemetery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Getting along with foreigners (Filtered Words: 0)
She was found the day after at the bottom of the cliff . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such liquids will rise to a considerable height above the surface around the chamber before they will flow out of the chamber . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tracks in the snow showed the plane was airborne in less than a hundred feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
As they watched , [FILTERED] rode straight for the Reef . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gasoline and automobile tires were rationed commodities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Results (Filtered Words: 0)
She met my eyes , suddenly angry . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , over the years , the American farmer's capacity to over-produce has cost the taxpayers a large dollar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't forget , the U.N. did no more than the United States did . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are thousands of square miles of salt pan which are hideous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Crooked , overlapping , twisted , or widely spaced teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let me stay and take the pictures you wanted , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` When [FILTERED] gets back with the jeep , I want you to round up two or three Japanese boys . (Filtered Words: 1)
There are some people , intelligent people , who seem to be untouched by the sea of wonder in which we are immersed and in which we spend our lives . (Filtered Words: 0)
This will permit you to get a rough estimate of how much the materials for the shell will cost . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the need for the B-70 as a strategic weapon system is doubtful . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Jews are identified as a religious body in a controversy that comes before a national or international tribunal , it is obviously compatible with the goal of human dignity to protect freedom of worship . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Once the figure was 30-30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
The temperature rose to 105-degrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
The structures housing the apartments are of masonry and frame construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
the glisten of the Truckee River made a wide spangle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stroked him , snaked all through him , the lyrics lifted him , took him from one magic isle to another , stopping briefly at each Brandon . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was just short of arm's reach when he stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
To kayo him and maybe or maybe not kill . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thay may say what they please but godamit Pa it is fun '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had Dandy been older or wiser , instinct might have warned him that he would be well advised to flee from the Lalauries' tender care if he valued his life . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wouldn't have to tell them I had [FILTERED] -- (Filtered Words: 1)
Dr. [FILTERED] officiated , and the bride was given in marriage by her father . (Filtered Words: 1)
Giovanni Bernini's `` Fountain of the Rivers '' , in the center of the piazza , is built around a Roman obelisk from the Circus of Maxentius which rests on grottoes and rocks , with four huge figures , one at each corner , denoting four great rivers from different continents -- the Danube , the Ganges , the Nile , and the Plate . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the bedroom she would insist on darkness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twenty-two thousand spectators used to crowd it in Roman days . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for The Book of the Dead , it along with his other books on religion had been incarcerated in a furnace in the basement of the building in which he had lived in New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outside 4-inch space is filled by mortaring blocks on edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
After this time , inscriptions on the Han bronze mirrors , as well as other writings , emphasized the desirability of keeping one's self at the center of the universe , where cosmic forces were strongest . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was sure that was the difficulty -- she just didn't want to stay here , where she couldn't get to the liquor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl murmured harshly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then it was that District Attorney [FILTERED] entered the case . (Filtered Words: 1)
The scalloped edge is particularly appealing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Muller was attracted to the lore of mailboxes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would not carry a brief case . (Filtered Words: 0)
Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world , and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will , even when their affections are withheld . (Filtered Words: 0)
First and foremost , vocational courses should not replace courses which are essential parts of the required academic program for graduation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only the hum of insects and the distant fluttering call of a bird . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only Mary's praise sustained him in his disappointment . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned to Lester . (Filtered Words: 0)
This article presents our observations of that session , of the realtors as they saw themselves and as the faculty and students saw them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was ghost writer for [FILTERED] , whose main talent for literary composition was the signing of his autograph . (Filtered Words: 1)
They are ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And in the future , since I write for a public of one , I can save the poor publishers from wasting their money '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wagons were burning fiercely . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was no need for [FILTERED] to go on , since all she wanted in life was to make a home for [FILTERED] and ( blushing ) raise his children . (Filtered Words: 2)
Some of the classic indicators , as described by [FILTERED]. Pittenger , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] in The First Five Minutes , are these : ambiguity of pronouns : (Filtered Words: 3)
Kizzie turned to go inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dietary influences (Filtered Words: 0)
In this respect , his approach to poetry-and-jazz is in marked contrast to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Today , refrigerated carriers have made the shipping of avocados possible to any place in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in bed he had trouble sleeping . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of particular interest to the military services is the demonstration that roast pork , after radiosterilization , is superior in palatability to available canned pork products . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a former commander of Willamette Heights , Post , and a member of Nevah Sholom Congregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It always came on , faithfully , just like a radio or juke box , whenever he started to worry too much about something , when the bad things tried to push their way into him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He heard cries from behind him , but he could make out no words . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was to be expected that Stanley would be shy , slow in taking such a momentous step . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's more specialization and a narrower purpose in two albums recently issued by Dover Publications . (Filtered Words: 0)
These songs ( practically all Persian music , for that matter ) are limited to a range of two octaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s hand here ironically becomes the agent of justice . (Filtered Words: 1)
We must justify our heritage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mark the specimen at the outer edges of the template with pen and indelible ink ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She had jumped away from his shy touch like a cat confronted by a sidewinder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Speaking of his work with [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] says , `` Our working habits were strange . (Filtered Words: 2)
Present conservation practices regard wildlife , not as an expendable natural resource , but as an annual harvest to be sown and also reaped . (Filtered Words: 0)
At 6 o'clock on the morning of August 12 , they were in doubt no longer . (Filtered Words: 0)
It can be seen from Fig. 2 that the cutting removal of a coating from its substrate involves pure cohesive failure of the coating . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had had a party with a regular visitor , Dr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] had his fingers in the kid's mouth . (Filtered Words: 1)
The distracted [FILTERED] would agree to a settlement through her legal representative , then change her mind and make another attack on [FILTERED] as a person . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED]'s first impression of the lobby was gloomy , Victorian dignity -- black walnut and red plush , a black and white tiled floor , and Persian rugs . (Filtered Words: 1)
And wasn't John's wife , Edythe , even more appalling , if possible ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Hoag stretched his left hand to the wall and fumbled for the switch : evil flourishes in the dark . (Filtered Words: 0)
The civil services in such societies are generally inadequate to deal competently with the problems facing them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , her endearments and caresses in the carriage had been new and stirring experiences to the simple youth . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who received a salary of $109 a week from the loan association from October of 1955 until September of this year , said that his private practice was not lucrative . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s office '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was there one season before rejoining the [FILTERED] as an assistant coach . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each human being , known only by a given name , had a cash value . (Filtered Words: 0)
Masu is also teaching in a municipally-sponsored school for Japanese widows in Tokyo . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why has this form of gentility gone out of American life ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then we pull out under our mortar and artillery cover , but nobody pulls out until I say so . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] bought some scrap lumber . (Filtered Words: 1)
That is where we turn in the good old summertime . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I killed a snake ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Directly in front of the palace along the Via D. Baullari you will come to the Campo Di Fiori , the famous site of executions during the turbulent days of Renaissance Rome . (Filtered Words: 0)
I heard the screech of brakes behind me , an insane burst of laughter beneath me . (Filtered Words: 0)
With such a program you can make constructive selections of the best sites available . (Filtered Words: 0)
In distal regions its diameter would be one-fourth to one-fifth that of the pulmonary artery . (Filtered Words: 0)
The exception is where the flooring butts . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Yes , sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why not ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Such additional daytime class 2 , assignments are appropriate if optimum use is to be made of these frequencies , and the Commission has over the years made a large number of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not this '' , he said , and gestured toward the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Without question , this time and temper saver should be immediately installed at the Woodside station . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to the many appearances of these organizations throughout the college year , there are concerts by students of the music department , by members of the music faculty , and by visiting artists . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made his way back to the Jeep . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the pseudo-capitalism which dictates our whole economy as well as our politics and social life , will not stand close scrutiny . (Filtered Words: 0)
And because fortune had favored neither the prisoner nor the red-haired captain , they would be each other's undoing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The top 3 students from 11 participating Dallas County high schools will be honored by the Dallas Sales Executives Club at a banquet at 6 p.m. Tuesday in the Sam Houston Room of the Sheraton-Dallas Hotel as the club winds up its annual Distributive Education project . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It made our whole industry recognize the need for a new kind of teamwork between manufacturer , carrier , equipment maker , dealer , and builder , all working together to cut the cost of materials handling . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's worse inside '' , Thornburg informed [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Oxnard , Calif. , will be the home of the Rev. [FILTERED] and his bride , the former Miss [FILTERED] , who were married Saturday at the Munger Place Methodist Church . (Filtered Words: 2)
Events occur without apparent reason . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have to think about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unlimited game bags are possible and legal in more than 40 states , on shooting preserves ( one of the newer phases of modern game-management ) for five and six months each year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dominant stress on pretty would be almost insulting here . (Filtered Words: 0)
no precedents have been set as yet ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As soon as the shelter is completed a radio reception check must be made . (Filtered Words: 0)
type 3 , , by the horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
A resolution of 70 - 80 line-pairs per millimeter appears to be feasible . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What I am saying does not mean that there will henceforth be no form in art . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before hitting the pole , Mr. [FILTERED]'s car brushed against a car driven by [FILTERED] , 21 , of 23 Maple Ave. , North Providence , tearing away the rear bumper and denting the left rear fender of the [FILTERED] car , police said . (Filtered Words: 3)
The rhinos would panic , screaming help ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Every Wednesday night through Oct. 11 there will be an elaborate colored fountain display , with 229 nozzles throwing jets of water up to 130 feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all the above procedures , when the intermediate sera were diluted to 1 : 10 or 1 : 100 with 0.85% saline , the specific and nonspecific fluorescence were not appreciably reduced , whereas , a dilution of the intermediate sera to 1 : 500 or diluting the Af to 1 : 5 greatly reduced specific fluorescence . (Filtered Words: 0)
and was there apprenticed to a builder and architect , Moody Spofford . (Filtered Words: 0)
Faint at first , the tapping grew until it sounded loud against the wind . (Filtered Words: 0)
You're a reporter , and you're looking for Miss Perrin to interview her . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Such as ' sending the cat to guard the mice ' , or ' the falcon to protect the dove ' , or most terribly sharp of all , ' the human being to save humanity ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The formal displacement of the geocentric principle far from being Copernicus' primary concern , was introduced only to resolve what seemed to him intolerable in orthodox astronomy , namely , the ' unphysical ' triplication of centric reference-points : one center from which the planet's distances were calculated , another around which planetary velocities were computed , and still a third center ( the earth ) from which the observations originated . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That isn't a boulevard , it's a racetrack '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Nischwitz fanned six and walked only [FILTERED] in the third inning . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the same time , a major proportion of these young men and women see religion as a means of personal adjustment , an anchor for family life , a source of emotional security . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Symposium , which was jointly sponsored by the American Institute of Physics , the Instrument Society of America , and the National Bureau of Standards , attracted nearly one thousand registrants , including many from abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
The craft made the familiar unwelcome flight to Havana , where , for some unknown reason , [FILTERED] rushed to the airport to express mortification to the Colombian foreign minister , a passenger , who is not an admirer of old Ten O'Clock Shadow . (Filtered Words: 1)
He came out alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heels place emphasis on the long legged silhouette . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jess didn't seem too sure himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You must make an opera out of this material '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
U.S. `` prestige '' (Filtered Words: 0)
His `` articulate Jewish friends '' convinced him that education ( read `` reading '' ) was `` a must '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not clear whether this system bears any resemblance to the in vivo iodinating mechanism , and a system generating peroxide has not been identified in thyroid tissue . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is difficult to pinpoint the time of origin of the state purchasing automobiles for use of employees in Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
Khrushchev threatens us with a 100-megaton bomb ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Each scene is shot straight through , as had been the universal custom , from a camera fixed in a single position , but in the outdoor scenes , especially in the capture and destruction of the outlaws , [FILTERED]'s camera position breaks , necessarily , with the camera position standard until then , which had been , roughly , that of a spectator in a center orchestra seat at a play . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was amazed . (Filtered Words: 0)
She regarded them as signs that she was nearing the glen she sought , and she was glad to at last be doing something positive in her unenunciated , undefined struggle with the mountain and its darkling inhabitants . (Filtered Words: 0)
nearness to work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bits of trash lay in the roadway . (Filtered Words: 0)
Listening , I felt cheated and lonely as only an orphan can . (Filtered Words: 0)
The answers they give can often pave the way to performance increases and , quite often , are necessary for completing entry blanks for different events . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] had persuaded him . (Filtered Words: 1)
He thought : Where the hell could he have gone ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no accounting of his movements in this long gap of time which covers the early hours when Mrs. [FILTERED] was killed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Or she might place cornstarch in the oven for a short time and then apply this under her breasts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sixties' capital requirements (Filtered Words: 0)
In both cases the individual tends to be treated as an instrument of the organic reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
A 16-year-old Portland businessman and his Junior Achievement company , have been judged the `` Company of the Year '' in national competition completed this week at Ohio State University , Columbus , Ohio . (Filtered Words: 0)
The somewhat Petrarchan love story which these poems suggest cannot obscure the fact that undoubtedly they have more than a little of autobiographical sincerity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pp. 63-64 . (Filtered Words: 0)
General directions : (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , when everything was opening up to him -- even the court of Louis 15 ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Proposed property sales of general interest to small business concerns are publicized through SBA regional news releases , and by `` flyers '' directed to the small business concerns . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seven others expressed no opinion . (Filtered Words: 0)
We know that the number of radio and television impulses , sound waves , ultra-violet rays , etc. , that may occupy the very same space , each solitary upon its own frequency , is infinite . (Filtered Words: 0)
I set the hour of our meeting for seven . (Filtered Words: 0)
But not hard for very long . (Filtered Words: 0)
This reduction has been accomplished by the general methods of linear algebra , i.e. , by the primary decomposition theorem . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Spanish Steps . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
class 1 , -- B stations are protected at night to their 0.5-mv./m. 50-percent time skywave contours against cochannel interference . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the U.S.'s island base of Okinawa , Task Force 116 , made up of Army , Navy , Marine and Air Force units , got braced to move southward on signal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Good-bye . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , politician (Filtered Words: 1)
the headsman swung his axe ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In vinyl foam , the big news was the development of techniques for coating fabrics with the material ( for details , see P. 395 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Choose carefully between contributory or non-contributory pension plans . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Those sweet girls ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was for this reason , and no other that I can see , that in September 1912 , Braque took the radical and revolutionary step of pasting actual pieces of imitation-woodgrain wallpaper to a drawing on paper , instead of trying to simulate its texture in paint . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is [FILTERED] , of course , buried in London . (Filtered Words: 1)
This , he claims , would reasonably account for the expansion of the universe . (Filtered Words: 0)
The closest scrutiny is owed to the Anglo-Saxon kennings and the Homeric epithets ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Put a dollar-and-cents limit on benefits . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned his head and said , `` [FILTERED] will definitely be in a back room at the Jai Alai Club on South Beach within an hour . (Filtered Words: 1)
The judge listened quietly as the young woman poured out her frustrations -- then discussing with her the possibility of seeking aid from Family Service before going to a lawyer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The difference between the sequence of Onset of ossification for the sexes governs the numbering sequence in Figures 3 and 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hay and pasture are the other chief sources of livestock feed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , we have no part , and want none , in current discussions of the relative importance of science , the social studies , the humanities , the creative arts . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
And they have done this on a very large scale , with a veritable flood of novels and stories which are either dystopias or narratives of adventure with dystopian elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you utilizing cafeteria space for company meetings or discussions ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Since we are considering here relatively small diameter ( 1 - 1.5 inches ) fiber plates , their average thickness can be kept below 1/4 inch and their internal losses may be assumed as 15 percent ( per plate ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood up to emphasize his strong feeling on the subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question is `` How are you going to live with it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This is Russian money '' , said [FILTERED] for the attorney general's office . (Filtered Words: 1)
I couldn't feel at home among them . (Filtered Words: 0)
One needs high talent . (Filtered Words: 0)
This woman repeatedly complained she was `` too tired '' for marital relations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Independence Day is the appropriate date as a symbolical reminder of the American article of faith that governments are instituted among men to secure to them certain inalienable rights , the first of which is life , and when any government becomes subversive of that end , it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was good and tired of the wall opposite , and the crack in the plaster . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Why can't I leave her locked up in the tool crib '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Reaction conditions and analysis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The different steps will look like this : Af (Filtered Words: 0)
To practice new procedures under guided supervision and with constant feedback is the fourth step . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another question that was asked of the assessors was whether they favored the assessment of movable property at its location or at the residence of the owner . (Filtered Words: 0)
The initial interview must be therapeutic rather than purely exploratory in an information-seeking sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Schramm and Rottger ( 1959 ) did not report any such nonspecific staining of plant tissues with fluorescein isocyanate-labeled antiserum to tobacco mosaic virus . (Filtered Words: 0)
What was the matter with him that they all wearied him ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No one moved to them . (Filtered Words: 0)
his broad but little used investigative powers are confirmed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wage-price policies of industry are the result of a complex of forces -- no single explanation has been found which applies to all cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet an economy cannot get the most out of its resources if dishonesty , corruption , and favoritism are widespread . (Filtered Words: 0)
We can die , too , we can die like real people . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for coming back here -- well , I'll tell you the truth , I didn't even know where I was when I came to . (Filtered Words: 0)
as in a recent design competition with a floor plan and the simple command -- `` design a luxury apartment '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One , more horrible than the rest , lunged , growling deep in his throat , his hair bristling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even Mr. [FILTERED] himself seems uncertain on this score . (Filtered Words: 1)
The great absorbency of this tissue and the fact that it is easier to control than a sponge makes it an ideal tool for the watercolorist . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm surprised no one has been there . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked at the lined face with vague interest ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Say , did you know they're fixing to have a two-day antelope season on the Double J '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Without exception [FILTERED]'s brothers turned to either one or both of their father's occupations , but [FILTERED] showed a talent for neither and instead spent most of his time on the beach where he repaired nets and proved immensely popular as a storyteller . (Filtered Words: 2)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Alloy steels and regular steels had different sales departments at Smith & MacIsaacs , where [FILTERED] and Bobbie both worked . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was not a discourteous question , [FILTERED] decided . (Filtered Words: 1)
Later , we shall see what happened when an emperor took this idea too literally . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' , said [FILTERED] , a little ashamed of his obviousness . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] proved a man of prompt action when Mrs. [FILTERED] , accompanied by a friend , visited him in Bakersfield , California , several months ago as a prospective patient . (Filtered Words: 2)
Lord slugged him in the stomach , so hard that the organ almost pressed against his spine . (Filtered Words: 0)
The attack started on October 2 , 1643 , and the Gortonists held out for a day and a night . (Filtered Words: 0)
He supervised the cleanups and handled the shipments of raw gold which each week went out to San Francisco . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] is a Fellow of the Foundation -- appointed thrice to assist his studies of [FILTERED] and of [FILTERED] -- and , before his appointment to the Foundation's executive staff , had been given our highest scholarly accolade , appointment to the Advisory Board . (Filtered Words: 3)
, the patient replied , `` Both , [FILTERED] -- two in one '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` [FILTERED] and myself will try to cut out horses to ride '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 1)
The extrapolation may be in error for several reasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , I'll tell you about that '' , Lord told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mahayana Buddhism was no exception to these prevailing magical concepts . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , age 14 , from Baltimore , Md. , showing a [FILTERED] , was 3rd . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` No '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His first model arrived at dusk . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why didn't you duck '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The members of the `` family '' are drawn together by a common love for Christ and a sincere devotion to His Kingdom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dominant stress is on her luggage both in that's her luggage , where her luggage is the complement , and in there's her luggage , where it is the subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
They will -- when they give up the donkey and the elephant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] replied : (Filtered Words: 1)
That was all . (Filtered Words: 0)
or a skilled labor force is trained before there are plants available in which they can be employed . (Filtered Words: 0)
of her `` great power of discernment '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
their passions were genuine , and the division between them and the abolitionists is clear-cut . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the President cannot pick up his telephone and give a `` go '' order . (Filtered Words: 0)
Convention time in Boston . (Filtered Words: 0)
some of these are listed below : ( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Fourth , in the meantime , it is necessary to remember that we have only begun to probe the environment immediately surrounding the earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
By early summer , he wrote from [FILTERED] that he was suffering from the wound inflicted in the ambush and was in a bad way financially , so Pels sent him a draft for $100 , warning that it was still not wise for him to return . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is vice chairman of the committee for the gala . (Filtered Words: 1)
The angle generated by the platform servo **yf multiplied by G is the effective acceleration acting on the accelerometer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The meter is mounted high on the basement wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] of Manzanola is spending several days in her Sherman Plaza apartment . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , unbelievably , was not yet up and about , reassurance that [FILTERED] was human . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the half darkness I approached cautiously , making sure he did not see me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still another group of seeds ( sometimes tiny , dry , seed-bearing fruits ) provide distinctive flavors and odors to foods , although the nutrients they supply are quite negligible . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Wall , awkwardly based on the [FILTERED] novel ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
After three weeks' swift sailing , however , the ship entered an area of shallow marshes and river deltas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rousseau is so persuasive that Voltaire is almost convinced that he should burn his books , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , its modern one-story layout is designed to increase our production capacity , permit more efficient manufacturing , and substantially reduce current repair and maintenance costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
She did not call out . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the dancer is depersonalized , his accouterments are animized , and the combined elements give birth to a new being . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not mind the Line itself , which [FILTERED] declared in the House of Commons , on February 27 , 1945 , he had always believed to be `` just and right '' , but he did not want it called by a hated name . (Filtered Words: 1)
Among all the Yankees , he is the veteran most friendly to rookies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Issue no. 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Named after the ballet . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she had to go out and hurt herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The innocent malfeasant , filled with that supreme sense of honor found in bars , insisted upon replacing the destroyed monacle -- and did , over the protests of the former owner -- with a square monacle . (Filtered Words: 0)
A perforated aluminum plate , used to provide the drying surface , is heated by means of a flatiron . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] was rejected again `` on the basis of his record and interview '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It's too late now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Felix took us into his studio . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be sure that this information is reasonably official and not just an unfounded opinion . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their maneuvers last month , they wore World War 2 , camouflage garb and helmets , and carried unloaded M-1 rifles . (Filtered Words: 0)
West Berlin's Mayor [FILTERED] vigorously demanded a firmer stand on the dismemberment of his city and won votes by it . (Filtered Words: 1)
The duration and other circumstances of the Selden case made it a flagrant example of the gross abuses of patent infringement actions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Specific broadening of travel rights . (Filtered Words: 0)
before it was sprawled the mangled corpse of the bearded stranger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note extent of these interests and how available they will be for the public to enjoy . (Filtered Words: 0)
As mentioned above , where families are concentrated in larger numbers , group controls seem strongest and most effective . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s successor as publisher is Mr. [FILTERED] , who is president of the New York Times Co. , and who has been with the Times since 1942 . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] here (Filtered Words: 1)
This is done by encouraging the entire male student body to participate in either the intercollegiate or intramural sports program and by sponsoring the [FILTERED] cheerleaders . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You first '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have to be covered with at least 28 inches of pit-run gravel . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a notion which contains a gratuitous insult , implying , as it does , that Negroes can make no move unless they are manipulated . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a man recognizes a certain experience as the exact pattern of a previous dream , we have an instance of deja vue , except for the fact that he knows just why the experience seems familiar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ionizing radiation can cause the destruction of microorganisms and insects involved in food spoilage or , at lower doses , can inhibit their action . (Filtered Words: 0)
We live in the bright daylight of that great event ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted to go back to Harvard for another year of playwriting . (Filtered Words: 0)
The supposed tactual sense of spatial location and orientation in the patient and his ability to specify the location of a member , as well as the direction and scope of a movement , passively executed ( with one of his members ) , proved to have been , on the contrary , very considerably affected '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As Mrs. [FILTERED] , was it any wonder that I , once the social arbiter of Filmdom , was excluded from the smart entertainments given by the Astaires , the Coopers , the Gables , the Colmans , the Rathbones , the Taylors , the Thalbergs and such devout , closely knit families as the Barrymores and the Crosbys ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
A second later she came behind the wheel and backed off the anchor line until it was set in the ocean floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
ripe pears lying in long grass , to be turned over by a dusty-slippered foot , cautiously , lest bees still worked in the ragged , brown-edged holes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What else did [FILTERED] have to say '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Gen. Swing has received public attention before this for abuse of some of the prerogatives of his office . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the gyro-stabilized platform leveled , it can be headed in the proper direction by using surveying techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So that the man should not have thoughts of grandeur , and become lifted up , as if he had no lord , because of the dominion that had been given to him , and the freedom , fall into sin against God his Creator , overstepping his bounds , and take up an attitude of self-conceited arrogance towards God , a law was given him by God , that he might know that he had for lord the lord of all . (Filtered Words: 0)
No less ambiguous was the indefinity of a certain clergyman's sermon . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this , the students let out a yell , knowing full well the actual frontier was beyond the town of Kehl . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those antisera shown by immunoelectrophoresis to be of the `` broad spectrum '' type were selected for use in the present study . (Filtered Words: 0)
He arrived on crutches at the Newspaper Club with one of his great pals , [FILTERED] , artist , author , and foe of stupidity . (Filtered Words: 1)
She answered him precisely , missing not a beat in her scrutiny of the financial reports . (Filtered Words: 0)
They came unexpectedly upon the sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
The committee submitted a report signed by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] with a map published in the 1946 town report . (Filtered Words: 2)
There was no ring of animal corpses . (Filtered Words: 0)
35 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He scarcely saw them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Angry that none of us knew anything but filth and poverty . (Filtered Words: 0)
the snail is pulling in her horns . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rev said , `` Come in , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
No previous antitrust case , he said , had involved interests of such magnitude or presented such complex problems of relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] remembered seeing the door open sometime during the night -- Millie , in a white robe , standing like a ghost at the threshold . (Filtered Words: 1)
Other tax attributes of the transferor (Filtered Words: 0)
Appropriately , the emphasis on the home run , at a peak this year , came into being at baseball's lowest moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] Fahrenheit 451 ( 1954 ) presents a book-burning society in which wall television and hearing-aid radios enslave men's minds ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
With regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article 2 , of the Agreement , the understanding of the Government of the United States of America , with respect to both paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) of Article 2 , is as follows : ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
His remarks about training , discipline , morale , leadership and command are enlightening . (Filtered Words: 0)
The College also publishes each year The Report Of The Treasurer and a monthly newsletter entitled Carleton College Comments . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You are looking tired and there you can rest . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I appreciate beauty '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few yards beyond the group of men , a man's nude body lay face down on a patch of thick green dichondra . (Filtered Words: 0)
The system tended to break down during the war , but was reactivated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
They discussed this possibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
His shout had been taken up and repeated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Biological agents are , of course , highly host-specific . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not completely virtuous , but completely incompetent '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could be some kind of trick Budd had thought up . (Filtered Words: 0)
I came to warn you of a plot '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Now there was more to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of his brain injury and the extreme damage suffered to his sight , the patient had to train himself for a new line of work , that of a portfolio-maker , an occupation requiring a great deal of precision in the making of measurements and a fairly well-developed sense of form and contour . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is almost time for and calinda to begin '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their flight was delayed , [FILTERED] said , when a boarding ramp inflicted some minor damage to the wing of the plane . (Filtered Words: 1)
With no company to interfere , he kept close control over all the traders . (Filtered Words: 0)
But suppose she had not taken Mrs. [FILTERED]' advice and lived on like thousands of women in towns , dispossessed of love , hanging on to makeshifts , and altogether and finally arid . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was there , in the course of trying to prepare new men for the `` culture shock '' they might encounter in remote overseas posts , that he first began to develop a system of charting the `` norms of human communication '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The maid answered and he decided Nancy must be at work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its force spun him around , but he recovered and got into stride again . (Filtered Words: 0)
A friend of mine in New Mexico said the Court order had caused no particular trouble out there , that all had gone as merry as a marriage bell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Muller was attracted to the lore of mailboxes . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was twelve he took to reading St. Augustine and Aquinas , then Lao-tse , [FILTERED] , Mencius , [FILTERED] , Hindu tomes by endless Krishnaists and numerous socio-archaeological papers . (Filtered Words: 2)
He was standing at the end of the bar enjoying a slug of cognac when Rourke came in six or eight minutes later . (Filtered Words: 0)
In an age of oratory , he was the king of orators , and both he himself and Chief Justice [FILTERED] were bathed in manly tears , as Uncle Dan'l reached his thundering climax : (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Are you a poor dumb Canadian or a smart aleck from the States '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
By strengthening the differentiability assumption , it has been possible to derive second and higher order theories of viscoelasticity . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the earlier years of training certain phases of the work must be covered and the synthetic problem has its use . (Filtered Words: 0)
After leaving [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] joined the Benny Goodman band as a vocalist . (Filtered Words: 2)
El Dorado was surrounded by a mob . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was young , but not that young . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked as if she were accusing me of some fraud . (Filtered Words: 0)
the passage and rhythm of time changed , and when I remember back to what happened then , each event is a separate and frozen incident . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a sample of new members of Pittsburgh churches , almost 60 per cent were recruited by initial `` contacts with friendly members '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
All that day and Monday I drank just enough to orbit but not make deep space . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon they were all shouting greetings , exchanging smiles , and rejoicing to think that they were all back together again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where only one club existed before , he says , two will flourish henceforth . (Filtered Words: 0)
but mere dilution of the conjugate to 1 : 4 did not satisfactorily remove nonspecific staining . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oso growled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next step is to remove it and spread glue where it has been marked at the contact points . (Filtered Words: 0)
Patchen is repeatedly preoccupied with death . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was thirty-one years old then . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] did not neglect to cultivate the personal friendship of reporters . (Filtered Words: 1)
The West Texan reported that he had finally gotten Chairman [FILTERED] of the committee to set it for public hearing on Feb. 22 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The nightmare of a clash between those in trouble in Africa , exacerbated by the difficulties , changes , and tragedies facing them , and other allies who intellectually and emotionally disapprove of the circumstances that have brought these troubles about , has been conspicuous by its absence . (Filtered Words: 0)
A message of less than fifteen words to [FILTERED] cost twenty-five cents . (Filtered Words: 1)
I had developed too foolproof a facade to be afraid of self-betrayal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her eyes were bright with anticipation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood up and touched the girl's arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Ifni crisis in the fall of 1957 postponed further consideration of elections , but French consultants were called in and notices of further investigation appeared from time to time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's my boy '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
See You May Claim A Refund , Page 135 . (Filtered Words: 0)
As far as I was concerned , she had already and had dandily shown what she could do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hot hibachi franks (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact that the Aerospace Industries Association members whose lists were used did not comprise all firms engaged in defense programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are concerned with all things traded in , securities , bonds , cocao , coffee , soybeans , cotton , tin , oats , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of the run , the strips in the third and sixth positions in each chamber were dried , stained for 1 hr , washed and dried , while the other strips were maintained in a horizontal position at 1-degree-C . (Filtered Words: 0)
269 F. 2d 613 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly he thought he might weep . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] began to aid [FILTERED] with her father , prodded , no doubt , by [FILTERED]'s open contempt for [FILTERED] and [FILTERED]'s irritating competency . (Filtered Words: 5)
His standards are , of course , completely foreign to those of the analyst . (Filtered Words: 0)
Class Three , they said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shippin' cattle by train was called a `` stock run '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several New England realtors were invited to participate in a small colloquium of property lawyers , political scientists , economists , social psychologists , social ethicists and theologians . (Filtered Words: 0)
In such a setting social contacts and associations are likely to be heterogamous , resulting in a change of values and , almost necessarily , in mate selection behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soaring to stardom along with him , Margo Felicity Brighetti , a luscious and curvaceously beguiling Italian starlet , turns in a creditable performance as an airplane mechanic . (Filtered Words: 0)
They insisted on the `` fundamental fact '' that `` the whole of Berlin has a quadripartite status '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the above development we have applied the thermodynamics of equilibrium ( referred to by some as thermostatics ) to the steady state . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was totally dissatisfied with his upper body . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abel '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Among all the Yankees , he is the veteran most friendly to rookies . (Filtered Words: 0)
By sharing the load of important speeches with his colleagues , the president can develop a cadre of able spokesmen who will help to create a public perception of the university as an institution , something more than the lengthened shadow of one man . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you want to see '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Once many significant phrases are found in theory or in recurrent practice to provide for prosodic necessity , they are not to be defended for their semantic properties in isolated contexts . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And who is this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A sheep-lined leather flying suit , plus helmet , goggles and mittens completed his attire for the rigors of the open cockpit . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the evidence `` it may be conjectured that core - core marriages are the preferred unions for core males and females ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of them were elderly men . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I try to treat Daniel as if he were normal , though of course I realize he is far from that at present . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the man on the sidewalk is surprised at this question , it has served as an exclamation . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tight wagon meant so much . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prudent Hanover ( Dean Hanover-Precious Hanover ) , 2:30.3-:35.3 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Parkway courtesy (Filtered Words: 0)
Others call it `` alienation '' , and mean by that no simple economic experience ( as [FILTERED] does ) but a deep spiritual sense of dislocation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Watch out for [FILTERED] when it comes daylight . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Open societies can take many forms , and within very broad limits recipients must be free to set their own goals and to devise their own institutions to achieve those goals . (Filtered Words: 0)
In steering the family toward ego-adaptive and away from maladaptive responses , the worker uses time-honored focused casework techniques of specific emotional support , clarification , and anticipatory guidance . (Filtered Words: 0)
He enjoyed killing . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] expressed some reservations about this return . (Filtered Words: 1)
He'll still be a top player , they concede , because he's got a great glove and the long ball going for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any musician playing [FILTERED] here , where [FILTERED] was born , is likely to examine his own interpretations with special care . (Filtered Words: 2)
It is not unfair to add on the other side that the crude and almost vitriolic approach of certain fundamentalist sects toward the cultures and religions among which they work has contributed measurably to this heightening of anti-Christian sentiment . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is more ambitious than Ptolemy is ever required to be when he faces his isolated problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , who knew , that might be coming one of these days . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact the accumulation of the hardware of destruction is day by day increasing our fear of each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ambition , it appeared , was to carve out his name with bullets alongside those of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] had sworn he would stop him . (Filtered Words: 4)
A study at the Pentagon and at the service academies revealed that nothing was being done there . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll have to give it some thought '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know something that is much more fun that we can do on our little lawn '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In [FILTERED]'s analysis of tragedy in the Poetics , we find an attempt to isolate the art , to consider only those things proper to it , to discover how it differs from other arts , and to deal with the effects peculiar to it . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is always wise to consult your marine dealer , local yacht or boat club secretary , or local law enforcement officers if you are not positive what the regulations are . (Filtered Words: 0)
But as you can also see , it's not a painful exercise at all , because [FILTERED] -- the `` happy '' bodybuilder -- looks as though he were having the time of his life ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
It is disconcerting , nevertheless , to read in a labor weekly , `` Perluss knuckles down to growers '' , and then to be confronted with a growers' publication which states , `` Perluss recognizes obviously phony and trumped-up strikes as bona fide '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Felix Grubb '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And with what resource did Prokofieff back up his Credo of words -- with torrents of powerful music . (Filtered Words: 0)
Udall , who comes from one of the Mormon first-families of Arizona , is a bluff , plain-spoken man with a lust for politics and a habit of landing right in the middle of the fight . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is much research evidence to validate the use of the instrument in differentiating individuals who are likely to manifest anxiety in varying degrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the dignity , the influence , and the power of the legislative branch of our Government -- it is a privilege for us to do honor to this great man who represents not alone his own district but all the people of our country . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so I was really upset the first time I discovered that my boy friend [FILTERED] was seeing Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Here he put a small man , whose missing hands might have left his function doubtful , until comparison with the first sketches showed that when the artist came back to the beginning , this was to be the closing figure of the party of `` forty-niners '' , and was to hold a basket . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said that drawings of the Dreadnought and printed details about the ship were found reproduced in an undeveloped roll of film taken from Lonsdale when he was arrested with the two civil servants outside the Old Vic theater Saturday afternoon , Jan. 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] slurped his way to the bottom of the soup bowl . (Filtered Words: 1)
Like a wise gardener , Hardy pruned away the Shakespearian sonnets and songs , and the elements of meter and poetic diction to which his personal style was not suited , and let the main stock of his talent flourish . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There must be a line '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
With an art that almost conceals art , [FILTERED] can create a fictional world so authentic that it hurts . (Filtered Words: 1)
and many a hopeful incipient business executive decides it were better to teach the theory of business administration than to practice it . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had been in Japan just one week . (Filtered Words: 0)
Momentarily the Reds were back in the ball game , trailing only 6-3 , but the drive fizzled when [FILTERED] fouled out with men on second and third and two out . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Selkirk settlers had been anticipated in their move southward by British fur traders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Discussion (Filtered Words: 0)
If the turn was too tight , a barrel roll would bring them out . (Filtered Words: 0)
For loan to the Government of India under subsection ( G ) of Section 104 of the Act , the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may be mutually agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The book , published in 1927 , has been selling steadily ever since . (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of the armistice negotiated by Amadee two years earlier , the war between Bishop Guillaume of Lausanne and Louis of Savoy was still going on , and although little is known about it , that little proves that it was yet another phase of the struggle against French expansion and was closely interwoven with the larger conflict . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] looked remote yet lovely in black , and everyone held his or her breath . (Filtered Words: 1)
She did not move in primitive circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
I explained , however , that I had my share of hardship in making my daily pilgrimage to the feet of wisdom . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Was it something went bad with the breathing '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
a son , [FILTERED] , Seattle , Wash. ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] is supposed to have refused it with , `` Anyone who wears a square monacle must be affected '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Someone'll tell Papa '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The decision reached in 1938-39 was made after the accumulation of a large amount of data and thorough study thereof . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There is non-fiction and non non-fiction '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] sold 21 tractors in August ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Isn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wives of the period shamefacedly thought of themselves as `` used '' by their husbands -- and , history indicates , they often quite literally were . (Filtered Words: 0)
The staff saw in him the qualities of a [FILTERED] , hence , as mentioned before , his nickname `` the [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
It includes a raise in the county minimum wage , creation of several new jobs at the executive level , financing of beefed-up industrial development efforts , and increased expenditures for essential services such as health and welfare , fire protection , sanitation and road maintenance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not having said `` hell '' before , he stumbled a bit before gathering momentum . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
Last Tuesday he went on a ham jag '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Initially the White House reaction was that the bitter exchanges with Moscow over Cuba and the conflict in Laos had dampened prospects for a meeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
and enzymes which terminate the action of peptides such as bradykinin and perhaps Substance Z were studied . (Filtered Words: 0)
Felix is all there is '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gauer works with the ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though only a relatively short walk separated it from my own part of town , its character was wholly foreign to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The industry (Filtered Words: 0)
Only recently , and perhaps because a television debate can so effectively dramatize President [FILTERED]'s extraordinary mastery of detail , have the abilities on which the capacity for making distinctions depend begun to be clearly discernible at the level of politics . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s co-workers kept their distance , awed by the tragedy . (Filtered Words: 1)
He need only pick up one of the two red telephone receivers at his extreme left , right next to the big red button marked alert . (Filtered Words: 0)
This voyage was the first successful crossing of the Atlantic under steam propulsion . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , it must be stressed that much depends upon the financial condition of the individual cities and towns involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it would seem that history is a witness to this truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
but it can't remind one of the freedom that Washington and the Continental soldiers fought for . (Filtered Words: 0)
A three-dimensional exhibit depicting `` A Century Of Naval Medicine '' was formally presented to The Director by [FILTERED] , great-grandson of the founder of E. R. Squibb and Sons , for permanent display in the Museum . (Filtered Words: 1)
Carefully he put down his steak knife and said loudly , `` Mr. Chairman '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
There are Spanish girls who look like [FILTERED] , brunettes with a Moorish hint of the Orient in their faces ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Even so Fosdick , as the new Chairman of the Commission on Training Camp Activities , encountered strong and vociferous opposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
During fiscal years 1959 and 1960 , there were 139 military and civilian students who came to the Institute for varying periods of special instruction . (Filtered Words: 0)
There would be great need soon for his skill as surgeon , but somehow he had not planned to use his knowledge merely for war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet though it may seem difficult to envision any definitive resolution of the problem of ownership and control , there are nevertheless certain suggestions which seem to be in order . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , damn '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
In we're painting at our garage strong stress on at indicates that the job being done is not real painting but simply an effort at painting . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the society which he serves bores him to tears . (Filtered Words: 0)
The low intensity of the radiation from Saturn has limited observations , but again the measured radiation seems to be consistent with a thermal origin . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had done all I could . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was it love ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
but a few seconds later she was standing directly across the room from me , looking me in the eyes and saying in a scathingly condemnatory tone , `` Your father despises you '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He's as good as gone '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her thick hair was the color and texture of charcoal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grinned his father . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is he swept away by sentiment and nostalgia for an America that was ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We're lost and burning up already '' , she bit out tensely . (Filtered Words: 0)
As flexibility improves , the feet will move closer to the hands and the bridge rise higher . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , seems so , don't it '' , the boy laughed , hugging her close . (Filtered Words: 0)
From many sides come remarks that Protestant churches are badly attended and the large medieval cathedrals look all but empty during services . (Filtered Words: 0)
He paced slowly , stooping , staring at the damp , slippery floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sensing the unseen presence of the other men in the patrol , he felt mutely united to these nine near-strangers sharing this pinpoint of being with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
For fifty years his guns and ham-like fists shot holes through and battered the daylights out of the enemies of law and order in the frontier towns of the West . (Filtered Words: 0)
Men crowded the streets and freight rigs and teams were moving about . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then was it a final desperate plea from her , to whom ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What Herter presented , said [FILTERED] , was `` not a very encouraging review '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Today's campers want comforts , and they have them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attention to details can cut in half the size unit you need and pare operating expense proportionately . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no hint of a violent struggle now . (Filtered Words: 0)
What had been an unmanageably powerful introject was now , despite its continuing charge of energy disconcerting to me , sufficiently within control of her ego that she could use it to show me what this introjected mother was like . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rousseau had to admit that though he couldn't agree to a public performance , he would indeed , just for his own private satisfaction , dearly love to know how his work would sound when done by professional musicians and by trained voices . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guards lowered their rifles and their rifles and peered at [FILTERED] with sullen , puzzled faces . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was , it seems to me , enough in the openly declared principles and intentions of Russian leaders to alienate honorable men without their having to wait to see how it would turn out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The area was deserted . (Filtered Words: 0)
She grabbed at Feathertop's sleeve and shrieked , `` Help him ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This impressed me , until I realized how limited was his sphere of influence . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It looks like we did , when we made blastdown '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Water (Filtered Words: 0)
This , no doubt , is part of what [FILTERED] implies when he says of the arts , `` They give form and meaning to life which might otherwise seem shapeless and without sense '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
For an example let's dream up an engine that has a final combustion chamber volume of 5 cubic inches and a cylinder volume of 45 cubic inches . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] wouldn't know ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Now , when everything was opening up to him -- even the court of Louis 15 ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
but artists now were ready to refine and elaborate their inheritance . (Filtered Words: 0)
A narrow professionalism (Filtered Words: 0)
St. Johns , Mich. , April 19 . (Filtered Words: 0)
and that the maximum of the radio emission came about 3-1/2 days after Full Moon , which is again in contrast to the infrared emission , which reaches its maximum at Full Moon . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the development of nuclear technology , isotopic materials , and machine radiation sources in recent years , the possibilities of applying ionizing radiation to the preservation of foods attracted the attention of investigators in the United States and throughout the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the period of about 4 hours around sunset , skywave transmission conditions are building up until full nighttime conditions prevail ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is essentially a landscape painter whose style and direction has a kinship with the English watercolorists of the early nineteenth century , especially the beautifully patterned art of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
It differed from what an undergraduate receives today from any American college or university mainly in the certainty of what he was forced to learn compared with the loose and widely scattered information obtained today by most of our undergraduates . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a way of life , goddamit ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It is indeed true , as stated in the famous novel of our day , `` For Whom The Bell Tolls '' , that `` no man is an island , entirely of itself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
But while war still serves as a catalyst for the values that [FILTERED] wishes to express , these values are no longer linked with the triumph or defeat of any cause -- whether that of an individual assertion of the will-to-power , or a collective attempt to escape from the humiliation of oppression -- as their necessary condition . (Filtered Words: 1)
You had to know , also , that you were going to fail . (Filtered Words: 0)
sixteen (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously I'm stuck on the line between the two countries '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
English Catholics reacted to this event with moderate but real hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
But cooperation and understanding between local officials and the citizenry help lessen this problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fascinating pursuit , I assure you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , [FILTERED] won't budge from [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` I been spotting a little now and then '' , she said quietly , no emotion in her voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
The value of products from these industries was 15.8 billion dollars , of which about one-third was created by manufacturing processes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He behaved publicly with a cocky , swaggering truculence that offended their vulpine Latin minds , and behaved towards them personally with an unimpressed insolence that enraged them beneath their blandness . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not move . (Filtered Words: 0)
that aside from due notification of certain major events in their lives ( two marriages , two births , one divorce ) , Christmas and [FILTERED] cards of the traditional sort had been the only thin link she had with them through the widowed years . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even for those who have been observing the political scene a long time , no script from the past is worth very much in gazing into the state's immediate political future . (Filtered Words: 0)
Below him , as if at the end of some remote tunnel , he heard the humming of a vacuum cleaner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why has this form of gentility gone out of American life ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Until the advent of rational empiricism the controlling habits of the western mind were symbolic and allegoric . (Filtered Words: 0)
As an engineer approaches the plant the position of the home signal is seen in advance when he passes the `` distant '' signal located beyond the limits of the interlocking plant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theater (Filtered Words: 0)
But he is in the middle , an employe of DeKalb , but on the side of the people . (Filtered Words: 0)
If people don't want to provide public education , should they be forced to do so ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They say all personnel have spiritual needs which Guideposts helps to meet . (Filtered Words: 0)
the more extensive and firm the body of doctrine , the firmer the group . (Filtered Words: 0)
The words ran crazily in his head : [FILTERED] the Mutton is scratching her nose in the rain . (Filtered Words: 1)
Terms and rates of interest for motors generally follow those for home appliances . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt certain he was really a spineless little man . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Miss [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is a number without which the equation cannot be solved correctly . (Filtered Words: 0)
A voice pleaded . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I've got news for Krim : he's not typical , he's pretty special . (Filtered Words: 0)
The board said it thought it had gone as far as instructed so far and asked for more information to be brought at the next meeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
On occasion it produces extraordinary novelties . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mercer thought that she looked very distinguished and charming . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not Louis 15 , , since even he obeys . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Here I think the role of the philosopher becomes apparent . (Filtered Words: 0)
First and foremost : No one -- no , not anyone -- in the family is allowed to issue blanket invitations to his or her own circle . (Filtered Words: 0)
But companies continued to spring up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before the accelerometers are mounted on the platform , the direction of their sensitive axis must be accurately determined . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems to me that the prayers of the whole free world must rise like some vast petition to Providence that [FILTERED] vigor and his life remain undiminished through the coming decades . (Filtered Words: 1)
And of course [FILTERED] has just the thing they want . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Well '' -- This time there was a long silence , while the telephone hummed faintly with a voiceless life . (Filtered Words: 0)
There also were reports of a collection at the County Line Elementary School , 3505o [FILTERED] , which has been attended this year by four of the [FILTERED] children including [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
Not only , as we know , did [FILTERED] publicly treat Khrushchev's attack on Albania as `` something that we cannot consider as a serious Marxist-Leninist approach '' to the problem ( i.e. , as something thoroughly dictatorial and `` undemocratic '' ) , but the Albanian leaders went out of their way to be openly abusive to Khrushchev , calling him a liar , a bully , and so on . (Filtered Words: 1)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
There was one fact which Rector could not overlook , one truth which he could not deny . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever learning they may have had in their order doesn't disturb them now . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , he was indeed a saint now . (Filtered Words: 0)
States which provide automobiles for employees assign them variously to the agency , the individual , or to a central pool . (Filtered Words: 0)
He opened the door and went in , pulling it shut behind him . (Filtered Words: 0)
And while he had headed [FILTERED]'s anti-Communist section , the [FILTERED] regime did not disturb the Communists so much as more open opponents who were alleged to be Communists . (Filtered Words: 1)
Wholesome snacks , no candy (Filtered Words: 0)
The receiver clicked in my ear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of his brain injury and the extreme damage suffered to his sight , the patient had to train himself for a new line of work , that of a portfolio-maker , an occupation requiring a great deal of precision in the making of measurements and a fairly well-developed sense of form and contour . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had one that increased from 19-1/2 inches to 5 feet 3 inches in five years , and [FILTERED] records a growth of from less than 4 feet to nearly 10 in about six years . (Filtered Words: 2)
For some time the Communists honored the distinction between the Soviet zone of Germany and the Soviet sector of Berlin by promulgating separately the laws for the two areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern embroidered panels , framed and meant to be hung on the wall , are another aspect of this trend . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time it connected solidly on the man's temple , felling him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know the killer , have the only road off the peninsula covered '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whoever he was and your wife were intimate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gavin sank down again into his chair and began to rock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next morning , he found a note in the refrigerator . (Filtered Words: 0)
The content of that psychological status determines , ultimately , the content of civilization . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's his expert opinion that the plant isn't well suited to what you have in mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` When your mother was here he must have been a young boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You might set up a dress shop in the living room '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reduced to beggary , he at last got a job as office boy to a television producer . (Filtered Words: 0)
He half woke and rolled over with his face in the cooler grass . (Filtered Words: 0)
By all means the most important distinction is that between those total-cost apportionments which superimpose a distribution of admittedly unallocable cost residues on estimates of incremental or marginal costs , and those other apportionments which recognize no difference between true cost allocation and mere total-cost distribution . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only imcomplete , imperfect things move towards what they lack . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proceeding in this way , from one to two and from two to three stages , we may gradually build up the policy for any number . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he'd find out about this one because we were using it . (Filtered Words: 0)
In another study chromium-substituted aluminum oxyhydroxides and related species , prepared homogeneously by high-temperature hydrolysis , are being characterized and investigated spectrally in the ultraviolet region with a view to identification and semiquantitative estimation of the phases formed under varying preparative conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were rewarded with splendid , exciting , singing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , take flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The kiss outraged our friends but it was done and meanwhile had released in me all the remote , exciting premonitions of lust , all the mysterious sensations that I had imagined a truly consummated kiss would convey to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
I reconstruct his sentences from notes made immediately after our conversation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was easy enough to say it , because of course we couldn't spare a cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each aspired to be a god in human form , but with each it was a different kind of god . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through Ladgham , Mr. [FILTERED] sent a message along those lines to Tunisian President [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1721 the King sent three commissioners to Louisiana with full powers to do all that was necessary to protect the colony . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is your experience with autistic children ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Protons and electrons bear opposite electrical charges which make them attract each other , and when they are joined they make up an atom of hydrogen -- the basic building block of matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
in fact , with having been against all the more popular features of the Khrushchev `` welfare state '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marked distances are parallel to the respective yarns . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But we are neither blind nor insane . (Filtered Words: 0)
Riverside residents would go to the Seekonk assembly point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blackman had brought news from Kansas City . (Filtered Words: 0)
A knife would do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , in the first place , it is not possible for anyone who has not endured both to know which is `` worse '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty murmured , `` No , thanks '' , so softly his father had to bend his gaunt height across the table and turn a round brown ear to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was a king cobra , the largest you ever saw , and it deserved to live out its life in the jungle , didn't it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The parish lives for itself rather than for the community or the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The work week of attendants who are on duty 65 hours and more per week should be reduced . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shrugged . (Filtered Words: 0)
These cases , for all their rarity , are so dramatic that friends and relations repeat the story until the general population may get an entirely false notion of how often the hymen is a serious problem to newly-weds . (Filtered Words: 0)
We stopped first at the amphitheater that lies at the foot of the height crowned by the Parthenon . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was reading from the Talmud with a group of men from his congregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
War , under these circumstances , cannot be one massive exchange of nuclear devastation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The objection will be raised that the most important role of philosophy in relation to social science has been omitted , namely the status of ultimate value questions and norms operative in the social sciences . (Filtered Words: 0)
The African rock python , a close second , is followed in turn by the reticulate python . (Filtered Words: 0)
Felons were cured by taking common salt and drying it in the oven , pounding it fine , and mixing it with equal parts of spirits of turpentine ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The case was that [FILTERED] came up to Shann claiming he had found further errors in the report . (Filtered Words: 1)
And this seems to me untrue . (Filtered Words: 0)
I gave it to the woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got into the car . (Filtered Words: 0)
There remains a residue of total costs , or total `` revenue requirements '' which , since it is found to behave as if it were constant over substantial variations in traffic density , is strictly unallocable on a cost-finding basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Subject to certain constitutional restraints in favor of fair trials , each level of government is free to devise its own judicial procedures . (Filtered Words: 0)
To date , the one meat showing favorable results at sterilization doses is pork . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was handsome , with his coal-black hair and eyes , his fine-chiseled features . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hotel attendants pulled parked bicycles into the lobby . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reflex ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Government itself was based upon contract ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
By trying to be both a serious survey of a bygone era and a showcase for today's artists , the program turned out to be a not-quite-perfect example of either . (Filtered Words: 0)
but enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
she is the unattainable beauty , the princess who turns away suitors by the dozen . (Filtered Words: 0)
The internal losses are due to absorption and the small but finite losses suffered in the numerous internal reflections due to deviations from the prescribed , cylindrical fiber cross-section and minute imperfections of the core-jacket interface . (Filtered Words: 0)
Complying methodically , [FILTERED] pulled pocket after pocket inside out without finding a thing . (Filtered Words: 1)
And lots of hot pads ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm not advising you '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of all the pitfalls , there is a certain amount of agreement on some of the giants . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like the pillars of Hercules , like two ruined Titans guarding the entrance to one of [FILTERED]'s circles , stand two great dead juvenile delinquents -- the heroes of the post-war generation : the great saxophonist , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
Meanwhile , I reloaded my gun , as the other men were doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theoretical discussion of paraxial device resolution (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't push it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On September 16 , [FILTERED] will have served as Speaker twice as long as any predecessor and I am proud to join with others in marking this date , and in expressing my esteem for that notable American , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The first argument is thus an ideal experiment in which we use the method of difference . (Filtered Words: 0)
His salary had reached the ten thousand mark . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have been desirable for the two communities to have differed only in respect to the variable being investigated : the degree of structure in teaching method . (Filtered Words: 0)
Student workshop (Filtered Words: 0)
Oxidation pond (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1942 , however , the nation was at war . (Filtered Words: 0)
What obsessions had she picked up during these long nights of talk ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As far as he could see there was no hole to climb through it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several conventions have been held in recent months in hotels on a nonsegregated basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was uttering threats in a low but savage voice when they closed and padlocked the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know nothin' about him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Banks the Butcher was a hard master and a hard father , a man who didn't seem to know the difference between the living flesh of his family and the hanging carcasses of his stock in trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the rhyming catechism this doctrine is worded thus : `` In Adam's fall We sin-ned all '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Achieving . (Filtered Words: 0)
Examples where independence fails . (Filtered Words: 0)
In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker's relation to the deceased must be to qualify . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout , there were marked arteriolosclerosis and hyalinization of afferent glomerular arterioles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although it looked like a routine technical snapback to Wall Streeters it was accompanied by some good news . (Filtered Words: 0)
For what do the utopians labor ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A reporter restricted to the competing propaganda statements of both sides in a major labor dispute , for instance , is unable to tell his readers half of what he knows about the causes of the dispute . (Filtered Words: 0)
For he remembered too well how he had brought back the loaded drinks to [FILTERED] and then returned to the kitchen to get weaker drinks for himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
He set his bundle down . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's worse inside '' , Thornburg informed [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Can the church risk assuming that the `` folly '' of men is as dear to God as their `` wisdom '' , or , as is also commonly implied , that `` the foolishness of God '' and `` the foolishness of men '' are simply two ways of talking about the same thing ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It's somewhat off the beaten track , to be sure , but therein lies its variety and charm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon second thought we were forced to realize that we have very few reliable historical benchmarks against which we might compare the present situation , and that conclusions that present-day students are `` more '' or `` less '' religious could not be defended on the basis of our data . (Filtered Words: 0)
The family requests that flowers be omitted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Debate is not likely to resolve the tensions and make the lot of the stepchild a happier one . (Filtered Words: 0)
We now write Af where Af are distinct complex numbers . (Filtered Words: 0)
High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the wages of sin , and its sting is the law . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's to say , he was trigger happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
In conclusion , these findings suggest the need for a comparative physiology , pathology , and histology of mammalian lungs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parson Weems's [FILTERED] became the symbol of honesty and the father image of the uniting States . (Filtered Words: 1)
This time , added to that which I had already spent in school prior to my induction in 1954 , makes a total of twenty-two ( 22 ) years of education . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blackman called the porter and had him remove everything but one bottle of brandy , and after that they would have a cocktail or two before dinner , or , on one of their walking trips , beer , or , in France and Italy , wine in moderation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , by systematically varying the operating conditions in the first stage and always using the optimal Af-stage policy for the remaining stages , we shall eventually find the optimal policy for all R stages . (Filtered Words: 0)
The corporation proposed Chief Justice [FILTERED] for an arbiter , sending him a gift of sack and claret . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] leaned upon the stone balustrade . (Filtered Words: 1)
for example , [FILTERED] ( 1948 ) derived a scale of 0.15 g for a Af , zero-magnitude meteorite . (Filtered Words: 1)
He paused on the landing to steady his breathing and then bent to examine the single door by the light of the weak bulb overhead . (Filtered Words: 0)
They criticized parents for never having emphasized traditional concepts of right and wrong ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The hall was empty and Alex beckoned ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When the hay wagon had gone , and an interval passed , a huckster's cart might turn the corner . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is secondarily a believing and worshiping fellowship . (Filtered Words: 0)
This trade was subject to a tariff of 7.5 per cent after February 1835 , but much was smuggled into Assiniboia with the result that the duty was reduced by 1841 to 4 per cent on the initiative of the London committee . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was the Neapolitan , [FILTERED] , a capable conniver whose father had been a blacksmith but who had fawned his way up the ladder of [FILTERED]'s and Potemkin's favor till he was now a brigadier ( and would one day be the daggerman designated to do in Czar Paul 1 , , after traveling all the way to Naples to procure just the right stiletto ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
Madden inquired next about the audit of the scholarship fund . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most park planners look to water frontage for basic park areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
He commanded from his raw throat , and felt the pain of movement in his cracked , black burned lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
Electron microscopic examination of the Af sample showed it to be composed of nearly isotropic particles about 0.3M in diameter . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Shann's own report , [FILTERED] reflected , describes the encounter as `` immoderate '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was only one possible answer , but [FILTERED]'s horrified mind refused to believe it until he had fed the radar plots of the skiff's course into the computer . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Three-day blow '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He would soon die . (Filtered Words: 0)
The embarrassment of these theories over the naturalness of death is an illustration of the thesis that death cannot be only a punishment , for some termination seems necessary in a life that is lived within the natural order of time and change . (Filtered Words: 0)
In most of the less developed countries , however , such programing is at best inadequate and at worst nonexistent . (Filtered Words: 0)
With those paintings of big constructions crashing down , he felt he could stop . (Filtered Words: 0)
A lesson in politics (Filtered Words: 0)
Although there are many sound reasons for adopting uniform and coordinated fiscal years in Rhode Island , there are also certain difficulties encountered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Compress the assembly when you make the mark to show the location for `` B '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd win hands down . (Filtered Words: 0)
The building was dwarfed by the scene outside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bridget's testimony was in direct contradiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Presidency demands an incisive awareness of the larger implications of the death of any incumbent . (Filtered Words: 0)
A reason for such wide variation in the pulmonary morphology is entirely lacking at present . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- For calves , feed not less than 50 grams of [FILTERED] per ton complete feed as an aid in preventing bacterial diarrhea and foot rot . (Filtered Words: 1)
If he's going to the St. Louis convention as a delegate we ought to know it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] `` How-2 '' ( 1954 ) tells of a future when robots have taken over , leaving men nothing to do ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
You actually hate me -- and we both know it -- because I killed that filthy snake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Information beyond nearest neighbor is carried second- , third- , and fourth-hand as a distortable rumor . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mi diapiace , [FILTERED] , ma insomma . (Filtered Words: 1)
A succession of highly publicized scandals has aroused the public within the last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
This cold reckoning of human worth in a legal paper , devoid of compassion or humanity , was all he needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dance , dancers and dance enthusiasts ( 8,500 of them ) had a much better time of it at Lewisohn Stadium on Saturday night than all had had two nights earlier , when [FILTERED] presented the first of two dance programs . (Filtered Words: 1)
The silence was getting on [FILTERED]'s nerves . (Filtered Words: 1)
I give you my word I'm not trying to pull some stupid kind of joke , or to deliberately foul up the expedition . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when we consider the tenuous hold tradition has on existence , any weakening of that hold constitutes a crisis of existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
She replied . (Filtered Words: 0)
The beliefs of a religion also reflecting the values are expressed in creeds , dogmas , and doctrines , and form what [FILTERED] calls a credo . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is a fine second act , as an example , one in which [FILTERED] , as Dillon , has an opportunity to blaze away in one impassioned passage after another . (Filtered Words: 1)
When they express themselves it is incandescent hatred that shines forth , the rage of repudiation , the ecstasy of negation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Howard ( the thick middle-aged man ) was looking at her . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have argued that Oedipus of the Oedipus complex has a doubtful future as a tragic figure in literature . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mines . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went into the Jewish quarter , wanting to draw [FILTERED] faces so that he could reach a visual understanding of how Christ might have looked . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We'll see '' , Morgan said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sample copies of new books are on display at headquarters , where librarians may evaluate them by themselves or in workshop groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside it was already hot at 7:30 A.M. , and it was getting hot in the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] holds an earned Doctor of Education degree from the University of Oklahoma . (Filtered Words: 1)
to another , it seems that nobody but his father ever used the phrase , `` Atta boy '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
There is nothing infra dig about a good blend from a good shipper . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wonder if anyone ever bothered to make the point that when it comes to boats and their motors , Americans excel over any country in the world in the long run . (Filtered Words: 0)
This has got to be some kind of local phenomenon . (Filtered Words: 0)
At a rate of $3.22 an hour he is now earning approximately $580 a month . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] moved into it . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Waiting For Godot '' sells even better in America than in France . (Filtered Words: 0)
The day's rain had been added to the stagnant water . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a few months the Duke was to be the center of a controversy of some significance on the touchy question of the Protestant Succession . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Volstead laws , speed laws , divorce laws '' , he said , `` as they now stand , demoralize the individual , make liars and law breakers of us in one way or another , and tend to make our experiment in democracy absurd . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last he said , `` Well , thank you for calling , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' ( Not one drop of blood ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Alexander said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some have walked through pain and sorrow to bring you their message of hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
And there has been no effort since the election to pull it back together . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine commenced to weep and it blighted the sense of enjoyment . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED]'s face was also a theater of vivacity , and his tough , stooping little frame was briskness embodied . (Filtered Words: 1)
I didn't mean to pull so hard '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Local embodiment of the whole (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] backs the theory that we live in an electric universe and this theory starts with the behavior of protons and electrons . (Filtered Words: 1)
For galled breasts , the mother should shave into half a cup of fresh unsalted lard enough white chalk to make a paste . (Filtered Words: 0)
The radioactivity of fallout decays rapidly at first . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Stevie , wake up now ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She had the opportunity that few clever women can resist , of showing her superiority in argument over a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several photographs and charts of galaxies help the non-scientist keep up with the discussion , and the smooth language indicates the contributors were determined to avoid the jargon that seems to work its way into almost every field . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm telling you , if these corpses ever knew the trouble they put us to , they'd think twice before letting themselves get knocked off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here , nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drill 20 No. 47 holes in the upper piece `` A '' as shown in [FILTERED]. 7 . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` The only thing that worries me is how I'm going to prove it '' , Eugenia said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who wanted to close the theaters , for example , pointed to [FILTERED]'s Republic and those who wished to keep them open called on the [FILTERED] of the Ion to testify in their behalf . (Filtered Words: 1)
( 5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He was caught driving the day after the sentence was pronounced and given a warning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our own studies in which bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses were demonstrated , were accomplished by injecting the bronchial artery first with no pressure on the pulmonary artery or vein , and then by injecting the pulmonary artery and vein afterwards . (Filtered Words: 0)
In experiments with topical application of strychnine on the cerebral cortex , the transmission of impulses from the cortex to the hypothalamus was demonstrated . (Filtered Words: 0)
a wallet with $450 in it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
he found it , if anything , all too familiar . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 12 months ended in February , 1960 , the highway earned enough to cover 64 per cent of its interest load -- with the remainder paid out of initial reserves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the skiff hove into sight , just a dot of light at first against the roiling blackness and crimson streaks of the Coal Sack . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We've got plenty of time to think about that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whereas the earlier cases turned rather narrowly upon the availability of adequate state remedies , the new emphasis is upon the nature of the state policy at issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several effects were immediately evident . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the final scenes could not be played . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each now makes a tough , papery cocoon and pupates . (Filtered Words: 0)
This prevents the occurrence of an infinite sequence of isolated tangent points . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then more than ever before did they show their fortitude and patient cheerfulness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost every official who reflects on it thinks this movement of Americans to canvas dwellings opens one of the most promising of all outdoor markets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Considering that the current school-age potential is 23 million youths , the project and its message on hunting and shooting education have many more to reach . (Filtered Words: 0)
The original formula goes thus : (Filtered Words: 0)
The eyes of the figure of the Nile are covered , perhaps either to symbolize the mystery of her source or to obscure from her sight the baroque facade of the Church of Sant' Agnese in Agone , the work of Bernini's rival , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some cases in evidence of the use of roleplaying for analysis may help explain the procedure . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Monday , the Hughes concern was formally declared bankrupt after its directors indicated they could not draw up a plan for reorganization . (Filtered Words: 0)
It contained , for example , a number of curious admissions about the peasants , who enjoy no sickness benefits , no old-age pensions , no paid holidays ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] impressive (Filtered Words: 1)
A slow and painful trend toward unification has taken hold , a trend which may at any time be arrested and reversed but which may also lead to a binding federation of Europe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boredom is death . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Speaking of nonism : the other day , in a story about a sit-down demonstration , the Paris Herald Tribune wrote , ' The non-violence became noisier . (Filtered Words: 0)
The growth center depicted here , in the distal phalanx of the second finger , is listed as the fifth of those in the seven short bones . (Filtered Words: 0)
Starlings and blackbirds are scared off by canon , from City Hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's for carabao not airplanes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
the internal organization rarely has any chronological order , except in obvious groups like the `` Poems of Pilgrimage '' , the `` Poems of 1912 - 13 '' , and the war poems . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gosson and Sidney (Filtered Words: 0)
The , (Filtered Words: 0)
Dandy , curiosity overcoming his apprehensions , peered out at the doctor from the window of the vehicle . (Filtered Words: 0)
A feature of the party will be a presentation by Welton Becket , center architect , of color slides and renderings of the three-building complex . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , if any part of the Bible is assuredly the very Word of God speaking through His servant , it is John's Gospel . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- [FILTERED] , the line coach for the football champion Philadelphia Eagles , was elevated today to head coach . (Filtered Words: 1)
and her close knowledge of individual students . (Filtered Words: 0)
I told [FILTERED] so . (Filtered Words: 1)
Tanner wisecracked . (Filtered Words: 0)
and August 15 , November 15 , February 17 , and May 15 , ( [FILTERED] ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
For example , the interest of past members of the Foundation's Advisory Board remains such that they place their knowledge and judgments at our disposal much as they had done when they were , formally , members of that Board . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is , that if wages , for example , is the only issue in a labor dispute , and no workers have left their jobs because of the dispute , we may continue to make referrals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like almost everybody else , he confused the heart , both as organ and as symbol , with the disturbed psyche , the deranged glands , and the jumpy central nervous system . (Filtered Words: 0)
Based on our experience with clients , , we see 14 major problems which fall into three broad groups -- the market place itself , marketing methods , and marketing management . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of them was a very friendly , lovely fellow named [FILTERED] , a boy about my age with slick , blond hair and dancing blue eyes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Consider him seriously , therefore ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They went downstairs , loaded a tray lavishly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The state had elected Republican candidates in the past two years . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked good , with her short tousled hair and no make-up . (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ) Carefully executed melting studies on this system ( [FILTERED] ) permit quantitative estimation of the instability engendered by reduced crystallite length . (Filtered Words: 4)
The charge that the federal indictment of three Chicago narcotics detail detectives `` is the product of rumor , combined with malice , and individual enmity '' on the part of the federal narcotics unit here was made yesterday in their conspiracy trial before Judge [FILTERED] in federal District court . (Filtered Words: 1)
The most bizarre situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Senate put other business aside as it moved with unaccustomed speed and unanimity to pass -- 85 to 0 -- the largest peacetime defense budget in U.S. history . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] followed her into the bedroom , hooked her dress up the back . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some of the small vessels were filled with fibrin thrombi , and there was extensive interstitial hemorrhage . (Filtered Words: 0)
They used pink , tan , or cream powder . (Filtered Words: 0)
( E. G. Erdos , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ) seed proteins (Filtered Words: 4)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] has been away for six weeks . (Filtered Words: 1)
It's a horror . (Filtered Words: 0)
There should be a regular electrical outlet in the shelter as power may continue in many areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl looked around at the countryside . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the time of his capture Helion had on his person a sketchbook he had bought at Woolworth's in New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
But one day , she expected , he would somehow discover , without her having to tell him , that there was such a woman in the world ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Undoubtedly far more can be done in the lower grades in this regard in the Negro schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
His thirteenth chapter includes many exciting accounts of huge serpents with prodigious strength , but these seem to be given to complete his picture , not to be believed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though versatile and capable of turning out a ballad lyric with the best of them , [FILTERED]'s forte is a highly polished quasi-folk wit . (Filtered Words: 1)
there'll be no more worry '' , matching the spiritual feeling of the jot . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so he walked , aimless again . (Filtered Words: 0)
They overflowed the parking lot , making progress by automobile difficult . (Filtered Words: 0)
churches that have a carefully planned program of membership preparation and assimilation often keep 85 to 90 per cent of their new members loyal and active . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any animal could when travelin' fast , be sent heels over head by the simple process of overtakin' the brute , seizin' its tail , and givin' the latter a pull to one side . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A stake-out , I suppose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once you learn how to translate Communese , much of each day's deluge of news will become clearer . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the later poems , however , the personal tone predominates . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was found guilty and sentenced to 15 months' imprisonment . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Thank you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We must not permit our society to become a slave to the scientific age , as might well happen without the cultural and spiritual restraint that comes from the development of the human mind through wisdom absorbed from the written word . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her days as an art student at the University of Budapest came to a sudden end during the Hungarian uprisings in 1957 and she and her husband Stephen fled to Vienna . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contact (Filtered Words: 0)
I regret that Bertha Madeira ( Today's `` Voice '' ) obtained incorrect information . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no rice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our inability to explain why certain people are fond of us frequently induces the same kind of ritual and malaise . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was her work to go among her neighbors and collect their checks . (Filtered Words: 0)
One by one , the openings in the coast that promised a passage through had been explored and discarded . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it is needed , one formula is as important as another . (Filtered Words: 0)
But fatty foods do . (Filtered Words: 0)
She greeted her husband's colleagues with smiling politeness , offering nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fists pummeled him as he staggered forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grosse spread his hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
The need for lifetime reading is apparent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dietary influences (Filtered Words: 0)
The first shrill ring of the telephone brought [FILTERED] out into the hall . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- Principals of the 13 schools in the Denton Independent School District have been re-elected for the 1961-62 session upon the recommendation of Supt. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Consider the features of Utopian communism : generous public provision for the infirm ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He's president of the rocket club here , you know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carey Singles (Filtered Words: 0)
Aces ( ones ) with three dice . (Filtered Words: 0)
If your computation on Form 1040 or Form 1040A shows you owe additional tax , it should be remitted with your return unless you owe less than $1 , in which case it is forgiven . (Filtered Words: 0)
The female from Central America which gave birth to four was only 3 feet 11 inches long . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did anything happen during the night '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Some government scientists say privately that the figure probably is closer to 80 megatons , and that the full 50-megaton bomb that Khrushchev mentioned may still be detonated . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll see you around later '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
From childhood he had known all about knives . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cynicism was back in her eyes , a bitter wisdom , and I wondered if forty were not so far wrong after all . (Filtered Words: 0)
This new vision of man that the narrator acquires is also accompanied by a re-vision of his previous view . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's that you say '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Reasons for selecting mail questionnaire method (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone reasonably trustworthy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is blind , fundamentalist dogmatism to say , `` Messing around with the King James version seems to us a perilous sport at best '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right , you bastards '' , I said , `` the great actor is about to buy a drink '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But now , for the first time since [FILTERED] ( with 47 home runs ) spurred [FILTERED] on in 1927 , two men playing for the same team have zeroed in on 60 . (Filtered Words: 2)
Men spit on Him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now when , so to speak , the cream has been skimmed off , and the items in the successful categories separated out , the sitter can be asked to consider and rate only this concentrated `` cream '' , where the sensitive is at her best . (Filtered Words: 0)
One contained complete antibody and had a titer of 1 : 512 in saline . (Filtered Words: 0)
At first hardly a person in the audience moved , although some umbrellas were opened . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sky glowered down at them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally , the statewide races will provide the major test for the expanding council . (Filtered Words: 0)
But apart from racial problems , the old unreconstructed South -- to use the moderate words favored by Mr. [FILTERED] -- finds itself unsympathetic to most of what is different about the civilization of the North . (Filtered Words: 1)
Score bottom edge of cylinder and join to disk with slip . (Filtered Words: 0)
What will be the final symmetry of the good society ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
First he barely touched the blade on the hand which shaded the eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had my back to the corner of the triangular field that pointed towards the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
For her first three vegetable months she waved her crabbed claws , kicked weakly with her clubbed feet and enjoyed the usual routine of the infant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , you may be saddled with a good-size milk bill by milk drinkers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bond angles and distances are all within the expected limits and the volume per oxygen is about normal . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll see '' , Morgan said . (Filtered Words: 0)
And here all the time you knew the Sioux would be using our rifles on them ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
On the physiological basis of some form of psychotherapy (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's something here '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] became indispensable ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
We would have preferred , however , to have had the rest of the orchestra refrain from laughing at this and other spots on the recording , since it mars an otherwise sober , if not lofty , performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
A kind of panic paralyzes their features , as though they found themselves trapped on the edge of a steep place . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have held your papers of manumission since I married Mr. [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We'll ride out as soon as we've had chuck '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wondered whether Stanley would call . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he didn't figure Ma for much . (Filtered Words: 0)
Senior Electrical Engineer , (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sat receptive and interested . (Filtered Words: 1)
We made a rendezvous tomorrow evening at nine on some street near Lake Ponchartrain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The place smelt of some kind of hair lotion these pimplike characters use . (Filtered Words: 0)
And to an industry that prides itself on authenticity , he urged greater realism . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Take a full month '' , the doctor had said . (Filtered Words: 0)
What do you think I did with them '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The elderly chauffeur , immaculate in a dark uniform , stood stiffly at attention holding open the door of the town car . (Filtered Words: 0)
Historically , however , the concept is one that has been of marked benefit to the people of the Western civilizational group . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the 375 exhibits ( of all types ) shown , 161 were new or refurbished . (Filtered Words: 0)
Properties (Filtered Words: 0)
3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss Upton and [FILTERED] , as a matter of fact , had many tastes in common . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Don't forget to turn it off and close the door good so it'll latch '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] strolled across to intercept the reporter in front of the two-story house where Felice Perrin lived , and asked casually , `` Get the police okay '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
A warm breeze played across it , moving it like waves . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] felt a wave of complete elation , but in a second it had vanished without a trace . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Do you think he could be having an affair '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He picked up the photograph and began to wrap it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Baltimore's bulky spring-training contingent now gradually will be reduced as Manager [FILTERED] and his coaches seek to trim it down to a more streamlined and workable unit . (Filtered Words: 1)
Incidentally , only two did it before a home audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some experiments are composed of repetitions of independent trials , each with two possible outcomes . (Filtered Words: 0)
They get all the glory and most of the pay and don't earn ten cents apiece on the average , the drunken rascals '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
a man whose hand was set against all that could not be useful to him at the moment ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This scheme failed , and the following decade brought a deluge of infringement suits among individual manufacturers that reached its crest in 1912 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She worked very hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a consequence , he did neither . (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably less than one percent of our previsions escape final obliteration before we wake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dawn would come soon and the night was at its coldest . (Filtered Words: 0)
He piled everything neatly in a corner of the cellar and turned to stare at the blank stone wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
The disclosure by [FILTERED] , chief defense counsel , startled observers and was viewed as the prelude to a quarrel between the six attorneys representing the eight former policemen now on trial . (Filtered Words: 1)
It had just suffered a calamity , the final crisis in a long series of calamities . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew how to shoot down Nazis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suggest the following twenty-first-century amendment : By moving the term `` Republic '' to lower case , substituting the modern phrase , `` move ahead '' for the stodgy `` keep '' , and by using the [FILTERED]'s name on every envelope ( in caps , of course , with the `` in spite '' as faded as possible ) , the slogan cannot fail . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I don't know '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will early know why the party won't win back city votes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly one of them shouted , ran a few feet , bent forward and put his mouth to the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
The K factor , a term used to denote the rate of heat transmission through a material ( B.t.u./sq. ft. of material/hr./*0F./in. of thickness ) ranges from 0.24 to 0.28 for flexible urethane foams and from 0.12 to 0.16 for rigid urethane foams , depending upon the formulation , density , cell size , and nature of blowing agents used . (Filtered Words: 0)
The disadvantages to this method are that you may not have as great a choice of models readily available or you may have to wait a few days or , during the busy tourist season , when cars are in great demand , you might find it fairly difficult to get a car at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once she has made up her mind , the queen starts out by constructing , in her chosen abode , a small `` floor '' of dried grass or some woolly material . (Filtered Words: 0)
Imagine a stag dinner with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Indigestion plagued him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again we waited for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ford urged Morgan to capture these men , who , he thought , might be disguised as [FILTERED] or peasants . (Filtered Words: 1)
If you're a good ballplayer , you've got to get mad . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was Mrs. [FILTERED] , making her toilsome way along the veranda , laden with a clattery collection of mops , brushes , and pails . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rather he weighs each phonologic fact in the light of its orthographic usefulness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's stay friends '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leading his pony , he hurried that way , not remounting till he was well below the level of the surrounding range . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why didn't you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It isn't like you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Factors that inhibit learning and lead to maladjustment (Filtered Words: 0)
This is an area nearly as large as Western Europe ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She gave [FILTERED] a quick , shape-up look of warning . (Filtered Words: 1)
Like the cowboy in [FILTERED] `` Blue Hotel '' , we run around crying , `` Well , I didn't do anything , did I '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
These are suggestive of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
) In all three arenas , they seemed certain of victory -- especially with [FILTERED] applying his whiplash . (Filtered Words: 1)
Previous presentations have been on French , Spanish , Russian , Italian , German and Japanese . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thorpe came to Louisiana from the East as a young man prepared to find in the new country the setting of romantic adventure and idealized beauty . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this is what all too often happens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Normal , by God . (Filtered Words: 0)
Belief in the traditional way of life persists much more in the older states than in the new ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gradually they emerged as men . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must construct transitions so that a dancer who is told to lie prone one second and to leap wildly the next will have some physical preparation for the leap . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything must balance to the last penny . (Filtered Words: 0)
The opportunity exists for states to reserve some of their vocational education funds to apply on an ad hoc flexible basis to subsidize any local preemployment training programs that may be quickly set up in a community to aid a new industrial plant . (Filtered Words: 0)
International Salt Co. v. United States , 332 U. S. 392 , 400-401 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a very old man and a young woman and a brood of children ranging from toddlers to teen-agers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should we support a clause in Federal school construction or school assistance legislation that would deny Federal funds to a school district that denies admission to a child on account of his race ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And , as we know , [FILTERED] are not producing as much as Khrushchev had hoped . (Filtered Words: 1)
At last , sitting there , in the familiar surroundings , the truth began to sink in . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' Despite Company threats , duly carried through , to cut off supplies of powder , ball , and thread for fishing nets , about 350 persons stayed in the village . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prairie National Park (Filtered Words: 0)
Voting preparations began in the fall of 1959 , although the actual demarcation and planning for the rural communes was completed in 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Holmes went to Atlanta's Morehouse ( Negro ) College , where he is a B student and star halfback . (Filtered Words: 0)
He left his home the day after New Year's wearing a mackinaw and sheepskin mittens and without a hat . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1959 SAAMI's shooting development program announced a new activity designed to expose thousands of teen-age boys and girls to the healthy fun enjoyed through the participation in the shooting sports . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked the lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not the authority of God Himself which makes them true . (Filtered Words: 0)
The request for lower rates originated with the Southern railway , which has spent a good deal of time and money developing a 100-ton hopper car with which it says it can move grain at about half what it costs in the conventional , smaller car . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the form in which the claim must be stated need not be different from what the State exacts in the enforcement of like obligations created by it , so long as a requirement does not add to , or diminish , the right as defined by Federal law , nor burden the realization of this right in the actualities of litigation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Resuming atmospheric tests (Filtered Words: 0)
Repeated efforts -- beginning with the Missouri Compromise of 1821 -- were made by such master moderates as [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] to resolve the difference peacefully by compromise , rather than clear thought and timely action . (Filtered Words: 2)
His authority extended to the far edge of the counter , no further . (Filtered Words: 0)
In many cases that statement -- `` We break even on our downtown operation and make money on our branches '' -- would be turned around if the cost analysis were recalculated on terms less prejudicial to the old store . (Filtered Words: 0)
she sprinkled common sugar directly on the injury and then bound it loosely with cotton cloth , over which she poured turpentine . (Filtered Words: 0)
A volume market (Filtered Words: 0)
They do not escape the pitfall into which [FILTERED] pictured Mrs. [FILTERED] as falling . (Filtered Words: 2)
Good field techniques will not only equip linguists for better work , but also help them overcome negative attitudes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moscow Radio in Russian to the USSR : (Filtered Words: 0)
his nerves seemed frost-bitten down to the tips of his tingling fingers and his spine felt stiff and glass-like , liable to break like an icicle at any moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Flushing stadium in works (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same instant , [FILTERED] screamed wildly , the sound ending abruptly as [FILTERED] went off the boat and into the water on top of the frantic , struggling Poet . (Filtered Words: 2)
But it is more than that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Refill the machine to a level of Af inches with water at 100 - 109-degrees-F ( ( 38 - 43*0 C. ) and start the machine . (Filtered Words: 0)
On his desk was a slowly accumulating treatment and script of The Count Of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hansen arrived just before nightfall , two hours late , in company with [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Why don't you ask him '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The present Federal program of vocational education began in 1917 with the passage of the Smith-Hughes Act , which provided a continuing annual appropriation of $7 million to support , on a matching basis , state-administered programs of vocational education in agriculture , trades , industrial skills and home economics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Successful teaching involves getting enough information about each pupil to understand why he behaves as he does in certain situations and how his achievement in school is being influenced by various factors in his environment . (Filtered Words: 0)
I need your support , your criticism , your encouragement , your prayers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did you do that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In later childhood , an interest in team games replaces individual play ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And shivering with shame , he crawled to the narrow end of the rock and spat into the water . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boats are operated in every state in the Union , with the heaviest concentrations along both coasts and in the Middle West . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was proud that he had never worn a wig . (Filtered Words: 0)
today ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion , or the lack of it , will decide whether we use this power to build a brave new world of peace and abundance for all mankind , or whether we misuse this power to leave a world utterly destroyed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right . (Filtered Words: 0)
He concluded that in the southern species , which are rapidly growing types , females mate at the age of two and a half and bear the first young when they are three . (Filtered Words: 0)
Listed as present at the Descent were [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]'s sister , [FILTERED] Magdalene , [FILTERED] , Joseph of Arimathea , Nicodemus . (Filtered Words: 3)
He cited East Germany where after 15 years of Soviet rule it has become necessary to build a wall to keep the people in , and added , `` so long as people rebel , we must not give up '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's my line of work '' , he said (Filtered Words: 0)
This opinion is supported by one of the nation's leading psychiatrists , Dr. [FILTERED] , director of the Mental Health Division of the Philadelphia Department of Public Health . (Filtered Words: 1)
The lieutenant eyed Gun's reflection in the mirror over the washbowl and then glanced back at his own face , moving the comb methodically around his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was terribly off key , and poorly done , and [FILTERED] could never admit to herself that male companionship was a very natural and important thing , but all at once she felt lonesome and put-upon . (Filtered Words: 1)
More than once I was confronted by professional gamblers , `` bookies '' , loan `` sharks '' , gangsters , `` thugs '' and `` finger men '' -- people of a class I did not even know existed -- to repay my husband's staggering losses , `` or else '' I shuddered to think that someone so dear to me could even associate with such a sinister milieu . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s left hand was pressed against the side of his head , red cheeks whitening beneath his fingers . (Filtered Words: 1)
Urethane foams are , basically , reaction products of hydroxyl-rich materials and polyisocyanates ( usually tolylene diisocyanate ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it was something to have seen it floating down through the early morning sunshine , linking the blue of the sky with the blue of the asters by the lake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain -- a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've got this sunburn '' , said the note , `` and I used some of your hand lotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one moved to them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only day they `` have a chance to compete with large supermarkets is on Sunday '' , the council's resolution said . (Filtered Words: 0)
As such it acts as an anchor for the people . (Filtered Words: 0)
but I am so aware of an uninterrupted continuity of the persona or ego that I see only as absurd the tendency of some psychologists from Heraclitus to Pirandello and Proust to regard consciousness as no more than a flux amid which nothing remains unchanged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rev's face was suddenly a little fixed and questioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Daddy's books are out of bounds his own picture books are not . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] poured some in a tumbler . (Filtered Words: 1)
For everyone involved knew that the whole valley was a powder keg , and [FILTERED] the fuse which could send it into explosive violence . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the contrary , Miss [FILTERED] and Mr. [FILTERED] chose many of their arrangements from the works of composers such as Mendelssohn , Dvorak , Canteloube , Copland and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
He is a man of major talent -- but a man of solitary , uncertain impulses . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s performance was scheduled for eleven o'clock . (Filtered Words: 1)
At that point we reach the `` closed '' historical situation : the situation in which man is no longer free to return to a status quo ante . (Filtered Words: 0)
So [FILTERED] set out to sell him on the spirit of [FILTERED] , just as he himself had been sold a short time before . (Filtered Words: 2)
your stock in trade ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm taking them to the cemetery '' , said Henrietta , out of a vague feeling of hospitality . (Filtered Words: 0)
When three dice are tossed repeatedly , what is the probability that the number of aces is 0 ( or 1 , or 2 , or 3 ) ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The windshield looks pretty clean '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The United States Government shall have the right to terminate the financing of further sales under this Agreement of any commodity if it determines at any time after June 30 , 1961 , that such action is necessitated by the existence of an international emergency . (Filtered Words: 0)
For 20 years he has enjoyed his power on the Rules Committee . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attention to details can cut in half the size unit you need and pare operating expense proportionately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four parties are given a year . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a conditioning experiment , he demonstrated the antagonism between feeding and pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
One might well wonder why the `` public is always wrong '' and the question raised is about as awkward as the one concerned with the chicken and the egg . (Filtered Words: 0)
General [FILTERED] may have been the victim of false information in the instance reported in this book ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Later , you shall know it better . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so deadheads on the payroll can be eased out at the earliest possible age . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] prisoner strike was motivated by a reasonable purpose , a fair break from parole boards . (Filtered Words: 1)
I suspected why he brought it along . (Filtered Words: 0)
and even on subjectivist assumptions that does not seem very bright . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their view is that last-minute changes the Mayor is proposing to make in the Democratic ticket only emphasize the weakness of his performance as Mayor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , with developed positivism , the separation of law from justice , or from morality generally , became quite specific . (Filtered Words: 0)
He strained to hear . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Feb. 21 the council passed another resolution urging the taking of `` all appropriate measures to prevent the occurrence of civil war in the Congo , including the use of force , if necessary , in the last resort '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gyrocompass heading . (Filtered Words: 0)
Try to find out how happy he is with his wife , whether he plays around with women . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told himself he had never seen two people eat so much . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such talk is seriously in error . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever satisfaction that might offer . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's president of the rocket club here , you know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fiscal year taxpayers have until the last day of the first month following the close of the fiscal year ( farmers until the 15th day of the 2d month ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , a balance must be effected among project finance , utilization of agricultural surpluses , and general balance of payments support . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result is that I included 70 animal names , but Swadesh only 4 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Call it mentally young ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
but when he passed us by , a musket roared , and he reared his horse , swung it around , and began to whip it back in the direction from which he had come . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indications as late as the top of the sixth were that the Birds were to end their victory draught as they coasted along with a 3-to-o advantage . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , one of the plain-clothesmen , spotted me and said , `` Hi , Shell '' , and walked toward me . (Filtered Words: 1)
A spectacle occurred across the meadow : the lone marine took a seat on the ground ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Opponents generally argued that the ballot couldn't give enough information about tax proposals for the voters to make an intelligent choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of these states the average `` change-over '' point ( at which a car is substituted for allowances ) is 13,200 miles per year . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was quick . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was not a rear-looking conservative , yet partisans of that persuasion will miss him as much as any . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] put her hand on her husband's arm as he slid in the driver's seat beside her . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , there lies your answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] glanced briefly at him , seeing only a body rigidly erect behind the languid banner . (Filtered Words: 1)
Also Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 12)
The first time the nurse took him out of the lung , she said if he got frightened , she'd put him back for a second . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no process of trial and error . (Filtered Words: 0)
Russia and U.N. (Filtered Words: 0)
The men of our company had a dozen fights defending your name . (Filtered Words: 0)
Submarines and shore installations are new elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
The resentment among Democratic organization leaders to the reported Wagner plan was directed particularly at the Mayor's efforts to name his own running mates without consulting the leaders . (Filtered Words: 0)
) `` Quoting Mr. [FILTERED]'s phrase that anything would be better than a policy which led inevitably to nuclear war , he ( Toynbee ) says that anything is better than a policy which allows for the possibility of nuclear war '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In this way , red wine warms of itself quite rapidly -- and though it is true that it may not attain its potential of taste and fragrance until after the middle of the meal ( or the course ) , in the meantime it will have run the gamut of many beguiling and interesting stages . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the significant developments in American-Jewish life is that the cultural consumers are largely the women . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strange faces , most of them , and I wasn't even sure all of them had come from the League meeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other interpretations present the music as an essentially intimate creation . (Filtered Words: 0)
I dressed in the kitchen , then left a note on the table telling him what had happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was your constant companion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having the deepest of maternal instincts , my heart fairly bled when I thought of the darling pink and white `` bundles from heaven '' I would have proudly given my husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
but after that , if thumb-sucking pressure is frequent , it will have an effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
When was the turning point ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Poor Cousin Elec '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Pittsburgh definitely is the team to beat '' , [FILTERED] said here the other day . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Pirates jumped off to an 11-3 start by May 1 last year , when the Redbirds as well as the [FILTERED] held them even over the season . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was a learned and brilliant man , one of the best jurists in Europe and with flashes of penetrating insight , and yet in his dealings with other people , particularly when he tried to be ingratiating , he was capable of an abysmal stupidity that can have come only from a complete incomprehension of human nature and human motives . (Filtered Words: 0)
The young apprentice apparently did well by Mr. [FILTERED] , for in the third year of his apprenticeship [FILTERED] was offered a full partnership in the firm ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
A little more than twenty years ago the American people turned an important corner . (Filtered Words: 0)
People come to me with confidence . (Filtered Words: 0)
They thundered at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
A series of conferences with friends and bankers began about this time ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Santa Cruz mountains sprawl over three counties , and the roads twist through sky-tapping redwoods down whose furrowed columns ripple streams of rain , even when heat bakes the Santa Clara valley below at the left . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) How can we be sure that his sense of touch was not profoundly disturbed by his head injury ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not true . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for myself , I had on an enormous black `` muff '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Connections '' was all he would say with that smooth hurt smile when I put leading questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
In time Isfahan came to be known as `` half the world '' , Isfahan nisf-i-jahan . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , she consulted medical authorities and learned that the devices her quack `` doctor '' was using were phony . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said as they picked their way over the rocky road which led up the hill away from the Dixie Highway , through a corn field and a patch of woods to the school . (Filtered Words: 1)
You doctors are all alike -- all you want is to cut up people and what's the good ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] is already wonderfully contented with his lot . (Filtered Words: 1)
I left her , a limp bundle of self-pity , shivering with terror because her bubble had burst around her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turn off at any one of the marked picnic areas ( gasoline companies have touring service bureaus that issue booklets on national parks to tell you where you have barbecue facilities ) and -- with soft drinks cooled from morning loading up , hamburger , buns , an array of relishes , and fresh fruit -- your lunch is 75% cheaper than at a restaurant , and 100% more fun . (Filtered Words: 0)
For prevention of ketosis , feed 1/4 pound per head daily for 6 weeks commencing at calving time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even so , he could not ease the tension of his body ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
At the old nest , the queen will in the early fall cease to lay the fertilized eggs that will produce females . (Filtered Words: 0)
We fail to see how such procedure resulted in any prejudice to petitioner's contention , which was considered by the appeal board and denied by it . (Filtered Words: 0)
This region which had a higher temperature than the rest of the anode surface changed size and location continuously . (Filtered Words: 0)
We shall show that the polynomials Af behave in the manner described in the first paragraph of the proof . (Filtered Words: 0)
of course , they do not reflect sincerity , but they exhibit a concern to make a good job out of his pious impersonation . (Filtered Words: 0)
**yf can readily be determined by measuring the thickness of the coating before and after cutting from the substrate ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
However , neither of these two cities is on the desired July 1 to June 30 fiscal year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five candidates seek the place vacated by Secretary [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I had admired him long before I talked to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In some areas , the progress is slower than in others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , these guesses about the outcome of the struggle cannot be as important as the actual power relationship between the Soviet Union and ourselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
but to make it stiffer , of a really putty-like consistency to avoid cracking , we added a little hydrated lime -- hard on the hands , but we could see no other disadvantage . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked at each of them in turn , [FILTERED] last of all . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , readers who accept Freud's findings and believe that he has solved completely the mystery of dreams , should ponder over the following words in his Interpretation Of Dreams , Chapter 1 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
Manual leveling is inconvenient if the platform must be maintained accurately level for any prolonged period of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The things a man will do for a woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Principal [FILTERED] Pohly said he would allow a further collection between classes today , and revealed that Y-Teen Club past surpluses had been used to provide a private hospital nurse Monday for Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
That's the way . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are made on special order only , in Kodiak grade ( about $310 ) , with integral muzzle brakes and heavy rubber recoil pads ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , their establishment made it unnecessary to begin publication of a contemplated Air Force medical bulletin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place patterns on rolled clay and cut around them with knife in vertical position . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had received both first and second anonymous notices , and each time he had accused his neighbors of writing them . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sleeps on a green studio couch in the living room . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s mouth watered with anticipation when after months of dreaming she sat down at last to her much-craved milk and fresh bread . (Filtered Words: 1)
Many of the myocardial fibers were hypertrophied and had large , irregular , basophilic nuclei . (Filtered Words: 0)
He broke into a dogtrot , breathing heavily , streaming with sweat . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` That may be , but it isn't authentic the way readers think . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was so beautiful , so valiant , so pitiable . (Filtered Words: 0)
U.S. aid , therefore , should increasingly be designed to provide incentives for countries to take the steps that only they themselves can take . (Filtered Words: 0)
The problem , in other words , is strictly a chronological one . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] scheduled appearance at captain's mast was a very unusual thing , because the discipline dispensed there is ordinarily for the young and immature , and a chief is naturally expected to stay off the report . (Filtered Words: 1)
Text reading is terminated when a pre-determined number of forms have been stored in the text-form list . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , by systematically varying the operating conditions in the first stage and always using the optimal Af-stage policy for the remaining stages , we shall eventually find the optimal policy for all R stages . (Filtered Words: 0)
No greater pleasure has come to me in my own service in this House than to be present today to participate in this tribute to this great Speaker , this great legislator , this great Texan , this great American . (Filtered Words: 0)
It follows that the solution to the current disunity of the free nations is only to a very limited extent a matter of devising new machinery of consultation and coordination . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jug stayed at the hospital and the water -- what can happen to water ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No one walked in this country , least of all [FILTERED] or Dutch Renfro or any of the rest of the Bar B crew . (Filtered Words: 1)
She began to laugh . (Filtered Words: 0)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] retiring soon , as hinted , he ain't talking -- yet . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] sat down in it , pushed himself back and forth in one or two slow , rhythmic motions , and then swung his feet up into it . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But not immediately '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus in [FILTERED] wrote an account of the trip first strong stress on [FILTERED] marks [FILTERED] as the first in a series of people who wrote accounts of the trip , strong stress on wrote marks the writing as the first of a series of actions of [FILTERED]'s concerned with an account of her trip ( about which she may later have made speeches , for example ) , and strong stress on trip makes the trip the first of a series of subjects about which [FILTERED] wrote accounts . (Filtered Words: 1)
If so , I would lean to Sir [FILTERED]' conception of the man . (Filtered Words: 1)
That's what the man had said . (Filtered Words: 0)
This carefree disdain for `` side '' cropped up again in the same television broadcast . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other charge was that America's political position in the world has progressively deteriorated in recent years . (Filtered Words: 0)
To find a form that accommodates the mess , that is the task of the artist now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
structurally , the U.N. is still fluid , vulnerable to the pressures that its new and enlarged membership are bringing to bear upon it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question might be asked : `` Don't the managements of the heavy-electrical-goods manufacturers know these facts ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps -- but extensive discussions with contemporary practitioners , family doctors and gynecologists indicate that this is still an area of enormous ignorance . (Filtered Words: 0)
She let him come and go as he pleased , or as it pleased her . (Filtered Words: 0)
I used a Homemaster Routo-Jig made by Porter Cable for this job . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was a solitary student in New York and acquired , in his remoteness , a thorough if bookish knowledge of Asian lore , literature , life , politics and history . (Filtered Words: 1)
The 33 honored students are : [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] of [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , Fil Terral , and [FILTERED] of [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 7)
If he is good , he may not be legal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] is buried in the cause of restoring France's lost soul . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had done his rustling openly and boasted about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remarks may appear to the right of the last parameter on each card provided they are separated from the operand by at least two blank spaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
measuring scale -- (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl's eyes were softly shining as she reached out and touched [FILTERED]'s hand . (Filtered Words: 1)
As a boy in a local school he was shy and solitary , absorbed in his fondness for nature and his visions of Sweden's ancient glory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such vital information , he said , has to be made available to the public frequently and at regular intervals for residents to know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fujimoto had a pile of cuttings near one side of the lawn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scores of [FILTERED] children will be remembered . (Filtered Words: 1)
Because of these chewing troubles , a child may avoid certain foods he needs for adequate nutrition . (Filtered Words: 0)
The beer foamed furiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is there anything wrong with this room '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a streamlined rifle , fast and well-made . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the business of cosmologists , the scientists who study the nature and structure of the universe , to try to solve the great cosmic mysteries by using keys that have clicked open other doors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feed at level of 70 milligrams per head per day . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
presentable in his wide-cut brown suit , the well-made riding boots . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a proud man , his prestige would suffer if he let Pike dictate to him through the governor's office , but to lower his prices would be tantamount to an admission that they had been too high in the first place . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Screwed , stewed , and tattooed , as Krim might say after reading a book about sailors . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is the bossman ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
She might have been talking to some of her friends about her husband if they've been having any trouble '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] was about 21 , with skin the color of bitter chocolate , and if you discounted the plain dress and worn slippers , she was startlingly pretty . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps this would be sufficient to justify an economic boycott of an entire national chain in order , by threatening potential injury to its entire economy , to effect an alteration of the policy of its local stores in the matter of segregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
A satisfactory cloud was produced even though these nozzles were only about 5 per cent efficient in producing an initial cloud in the size range of 1 to 5 microns . (Filtered Words: 0)
The religious parties in Israel have experienced a great loss of prestige in recent months . (Filtered Words: 0)
That parallelism affects his picture of man's disobedience too ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Opportunities missed (Filtered Words: 0)
Ultraviolet microscopy (Filtered Words: 0)
The butlers were amused because when the Stearns were there , the President would say grace at breakfast . (Filtered Words: 0)
His new poem , a love poem , told of a young husband leading his wife upstairs to the bedroom when the lights in the house have failed . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had a funny little scar on her stomach , on the left side . (Filtered Words: 0)
State Sen. [FILTERED] will keynote ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Who should be consulted among his colleagues in the Department or other departments and agencies of the Government ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
but the nicest thing about their relationship was her whisper to him , repeated some thousands of time , repeated with smiles and hope , `` People never live forever '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The New York University Board of Trustees has elected the youngest president in the 130-year history of NYU , it was announced yesterday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Snow buried the streets and covered the slanting rooftops , as [FILTERED] trudged toward St. Peter's . (Filtered Words: 1)
Issue no. 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
But what you could not know , of course , was how smoothly the Victorian Fitzgerald was to lead into an American Fitzgerald of my own vintage under whose banner we adolescents were to come , if not of age , then into a bright , taut semblance of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
By this time there is little doubt but what election plans were complete . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hirey treats himself a lot better than we do prisoners . (Filtered Words: 0)
Passing it , the bus climbed a hill , with the covered spice bazaar on the right and Pandelli's , a famous and excellent restaurant , above it . (Filtered Words: 0)
She gave herself a title , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
On some distant farm a rooster crowed and , far down the valley , an associate answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] knew -- (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Just come along '' , [FILTERED] told him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Brainards went home early . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was controversial because he was uncompromising for peace and freedom with justice . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is only one catch to this idyllic arrangement : [FILTERED] was wrong . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
But whenever a major purchase was contemplated forty years ago -- a new bedroom set or a winter coat , an [FILTERED] bonnet , a bicycle for Junior -- the family set off for the downtown department store , where the selection would be greatest . (Filtered Words: 1)
In many communities there is simply no financial problem ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Tell her [FILTERED] wants to see her '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Climbing the steps steadily , they reached the top and headed for the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
You couldn't on the one hand decry the arts and at the same time practice them , could you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The power was off for about five minutes in houses along Smith Street as far away as Fruit Hill Avenue shortly before 5 p.m. when the accident occurred . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See Chapter 24 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gannon contributed saving plays on the Falcons' aerial thrusts in the late stages . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sentry was not dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Havana , April 19 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A couple of hundred . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet there were always some that moved farther and farther out , seekin' grass and water . (Filtered Words: 0)
The many-bodied girl lay near him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The freeway with narrowly spaced interchanges concentrates and mitigates the access problem , but it also acts inevitably as an artificial , isolating boundary . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hodges is trying to get more foreign business to go to the U.S. . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , `` First thing I do when I get to Vicksburg again , is get me a Yankee '' -- (Filtered Words: 1)
The executions took place at dawn only a few hours after Havana radio announced their conviction by a revolutionary tribunal at [FILTERED] , where the executions took place . (Filtered Words: 1)
I didn't know a human could feed so fast and still be beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
We use terms from our personal experience with individuals such as `` trust '' , `` cheat '' , and `` get tough '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the capable direction of the choir's founder , [FILTERED] , the twenty-six boys made some lovely sounds in an opening group of Renaissance and Baroque madrigals and motets , excerpts from Pergolesi's `` Stabat Mater '' and all of the [FILTERED] `` Ceremonial Of Carols '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Instead of inflecting a verb or using an unattached particle to indicate the past or future , [FILTERED] used an entirely different word . (Filtered Words: 1)
the sweet and funny little dance about potato planting called `` Bul'ba '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He sloshed his drink around and drained it in a few large gulps . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Shall we get out of here '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Refunds . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' ( Theresa skipped a page of details about the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is indeed true , as stated in the famous novel of our day , `` For Whom The Bell Tolls '' , that `` no man is an island , entirely of itself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Be a scorcher by afternoon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the afternoon Miss [FILTERED] and her mother invited me to go with them and young Mrs. [FILTERED] to see the famous Spring dances of the Geisha dancers . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Oh , the French are a very curious people '' , [FILTERED] had laughed . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was one of the five volunteers . (Filtered Words: 1)
They try to keep within the speed limits . (Filtered Words: 0)
After that everything should be simpler . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the past decade the program has been carried on through expansion of free higher education in state universities , state colleges , and community colleges . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
If I could put your body in an imaginary atomic press and squeeze you down , squeeze these holes out of you in the way we squeeze the holes out of a sponge , you would get smaller and smaller until finally when the last hole was gone , you would be smaller than the smallest speck of dust that you could see on this piece of paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
The way a house is set on its lot can therefore influence how much cooling you're going to need . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dad . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adaptation to the social and non-social environment through the economy has been met to a degree through a type of occupational segregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Syllables are genuine units , but division of words and sentences into them presents great difficulties . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dresses were short in the days of Mrs. [FILTERED] , and Spanish shawls were thrown over them . (Filtered Words: 1)
She glanced at the man nodding beside her , a man with weather cracks furrowed into his lean cheeks , with powdery pale eyes reflecting all the droughts he had seen , reflecting the sky and the drought which must follow now in August -- yes , with eyes predicting the drought and here it was only June , only festival time again and thoughts of [FILTERED] would not leave her . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gray Eyes attacked our camp just as the first pink threads stitched together the hills and the sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] had a pet theory that everyone is guilty of breaking more laws than he ever gets caught at . (Filtered Words: 1)
A driver of a dairy truck , who begins work at 1 a.m. finishes before breakfast , then goes out and grows a garden , and who has used the cannery to save and feed a family of five , asked , `` What in the world will we do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Omission of a subordinator pronoun , however , does not result in an increase in stress on a prepositional adverb for which the subordinator pronoun would be object . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , petitioner has failed to show any particular need for the report and notes . (Filtered Words: 0)
In exactly three minutes , go in that phone booth behind you and call Police Headquarters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Jew was the safest victim . (Filtered Words: 0)
It submits an enthusiastic , impressionistic conception of Lindemann contributing another aspect of the man , but on no more authoritative basis than Sir [FILTERED]' account . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the physiological basis of some form of psychotherapy (Filtered Words: 0)
Special districts in Rhode island . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was stopped at the Taliesin gate , and [FILTERED] , now the estate foreman , came out to parley . (Filtered Words: 2)
Sleep was difficult these days . (Filtered Words: 0)
An attempt to improve the life of the anodes or the efficiency of the plasma generators must , therefore , aim at a reduction of the anode loss . (Filtered Words: 0)
Normally Hague wasted no words , but now he found himself unable to stop their flow although he knew [FILTERED] was aware of all he said . (Filtered Words: 1)
It usually turned out well for him because either he liked the right people or there were only a few wrong people in the town . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the Greek word most often translated as `` baptism '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the very week of our war against Katanga , we make a $133 million grant to [FILTERED] , who has just declared his solidarity with the Communist bloc , and is busily turning his own country into a totalitarian dictatorship . (Filtered Words: 1)
We've only been married four years , January '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Return to the standing position . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't believe I know you , and I can't understand your quaint brand of English -- it was meant to be English , wasn't it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Because , honey , I thought silently , there are plenty of desert islands in every marriage -- long periods when you're hopelessly stranded , together . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said , `` O.K. , so now only Blake knows . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know how it is '' , he added with a conspiratorial wink . (Filtered Words: 0)
He seemed to remember reading somewhere that Abyssinians had large litters , and suffered a dismaying vision of the apartment overrun with a dozen kittens . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' , he announced , `` Guess I'll be going now , [FILTERED] , and thanks for the warmup '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some Dallas investment firms got only 100 shares , for all of their customers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably around midnight , give or take an hour either way '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mercenary : term of honor ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His duty was to his sovereign and to his nation , and an extension to peoples beyond the territorial boundaries was not to be contemplated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rest of the deficit is also easily understood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oils , or liquid fats , from the seeds of flax and tung have long been the principal constituents of paints and varnishes for protecting and beautifying the surfaces of wood and metal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heidenstam was born in 1859 , of a prosperous family . (Filtered Words: 0)
I made a lemon sponge , a light dessert , roasted a chicken , parboiled some frozen vegetables , so there would be something nice in the icebox for the weekend . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now did [FILTERED] truly become the man of the hour , and everything that followed in the procedure of Justice was a new triumph for him . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] forbore to mention that the wet was somewhat universal , [FILTERED] being less than weatherproof . (Filtered Words: 2)
There are , of course , many weaknesses in any case against Emma . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence P is the increase in value of the stream minus the cost of operation , that is , the net profit . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when questioned by ship's reporters about the separation , she said , `` I adore him , and he adores me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A balanced resistance bridge and a pen recorder are all the electronic instrumentation needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
And where was the thing ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapter 10 (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was something about her -- and I felt my lips forming a name . (Filtered Words: 0)
One such event is the landing in Europe itself , when the mingled familiarity and strangeness of the Occident , after the blank immensities of Asia , shocks the returning traveller into a realization of the infinite possibilities of human life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The moral is : don't transplant it any oftener than you must . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1879 the same [FILTERED] , with [FILTERED] , formed the `` American Telegraph Line '' , extending from Manchester Depot via Factory Point and South Dorset to Dorset . (Filtered Words: 2)
The aborigines fastened upon it with a concentration beyond pathos . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reply : (Filtered Words: 0)
This reduces the number of expensive plant shutdowns and startups . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only at this moment -- perhaps because it was before dawn and she was lying in Doaty's bed -- she found herself examining how others might regard her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another case may be given in illustration of a successful use of analysis , and also of the employment of a procedure for intensive analysis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most articulate Republicans are those who , in their desire to get back at Mr. [FILTERED] , already have created the image of a Republican leadership which is reluctant to assist the distressed and the unemployed , and which is even more unwilling to help old people who need medical care . (Filtered Words: 1)
Being a woman though , she would take only what she needed from church . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the significant things about Jewish culture in the older teen years is that it is largely college-oriented . (Filtered Words: 0)
I squinted at the looming shoreline . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of its traditional lines , it probably has more kid appeal than any other model . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nearly level areas are required for parking areas , beaches , camp areas , ballfields , etcetera . (Filtered Words: 0)
I never saw him so anxious before '' , I said , lighting my pipe and offering her a cigarette . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Summary Report , which was prepared for this Conference , indicates , first , that actual or pending school desegregation is increasing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He could feel eyes on his back . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
As these maladies overlap , so must the cure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , the expanding markets for consumer goods and housing occasioned by the higher rate of household formation should enhance the general economic prospects of the Sixties . (Filtered Words: 0)
He milks the latest scientific advances , translating them into his own special [FILTERED] vocabulary to huckster his fake machines as a cure-all for everything from hay fever to sexual impotence and cancer . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We've had any number of calls about you . (Filtered Words: 0)
His car could pick you up at your hotel at twelve '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hanch was treasurer of the Nordyke & Marmon Company , an Indianapolis firm which had manufactured flour-milling machinery before producing the Marmon car in 1904 . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the morning wore on and a blazing West Texas sun wiped the shadows off the Franklin Mountains , police got close enough to the plane to pry into the baggage compartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oersted's own earlier experiments were unimpressive , possibly because he had , like other experimenters , laid the conducting wire across the compass needle instead of parallel with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You get the rest when I'm safely out of [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Annapolis , Jan. 7 (Filtered Words: 0)
He studied the problem for a few seconds and thought of a means by which it might be solved . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the time the will was drawn Mr. [FILTERED] mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Another reason gymnastic study is valuable is that it can be started very early in life . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no answer to this and he began to pace back and forth across the room , his imagination out of control . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , the Chamber of Commerce of Gatlinburg , Tennessee , sponsors special camera tours into the Great Smoky Mountains to get pictures of the profusion of wild flowers flourishing in these wooded regions . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we don't take care , the sisters will be entering the fray on opposite sides , brandishing their cudgels '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We both had hangovers . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See [FILTERED]. 7 . (Filtered Words: 1)
He took her hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , however , can only be considered approximate , as the diameter of the pulley was increased by the build-up of tape and the tape was occasionally removed from the pulley during the runs . (Filtered Words: 0)
On his desk was a slowly accumulating treatment and script of The Count Of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
To believe otherwise would be unrealistic . (Filtered Words: 0)
This reflects the very heavy engineering content of the products -- which are not military . (Filtered Words: 0)
It put you off . (Filtered Words: 0)
That long night with [FILTERED] and marijuana in Venice had opened her eyes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Swiftly , came the revulsion , the protest . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1952 , it will be remembered , the G.O.P. without positive program campaigned on the popular disillusionment with liberal leadership and won overwhelmingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mixture was then extracted with alkali and with water following which the carbon tetrachloride was distilled on a Vigreux column , a 25% center cut being retained which was then degassed under vacuum in the presence of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said `` Morris County is rapidly changing and unless steps are taken to preserve the green areas , there will be no land left to preserve '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter who the candidate for marriage selected by the gapt (Filtered Words: 0)
I would have been negligent and a goddam lousy cop to boot , if I'd sat around this station all night when somebody got away with murder in my district . (Filtered Words: 0)
If in any one calculation Ptolemy had had to invoke 83 epicycles all at once , while Copernicus never required more than one third this number , then ( in the sense obvious to Margenau ) [FILTERED] astronomy would be simpler than Copernican . (Filtered Words: 1)
score other side of D and one side of disk E and join as before . (Filtered Words: 0)
approaching shore their masts appeared first . (Filtered Words: 0)
Observers , in the two school systems studied here , judged the teachers in the structured schools to be more impersonal and demanding , while the atmosphere in the unstructured schools was judged to be more supporting and accepting . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no valley like this on your map . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stimulus from the confrontation of philosophical systems involving certain differences was undeniable . (Filtered Words: 0)
He endured the ministrations of the dromozoa without screams or movement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Social process is always anchored in past predisposition ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did build a framework of academic `` respectability '' , and one which did not encroach upon the `` sacred sovereignty '' of any other existing campus course . (Filtered Words: 0)
With his right fist , and nearly all his weight behind it , he smashed at the bloodstained face . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s Manin And The Venetian Revolution Of 1848 , his last major volume on an Italian theme , was written in a minor key . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] payments involved (Filtered Words: 1)
Alexander said , `` Answer me properly , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
and the poppies . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are Assistant District Attorneys . (Filtered Words: 0)
His may typify a certain kind of postwar New York experience , but his experience is certainly not typical of his `` generation's '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He jumped up and turned around to see the metal door closing . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have [FILTERED] to thank for this healthy change of diet as well as the lively performances of the Stadium Symphony . (Filtered Words: 1)
He's always like that , in spite of being a big man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Locust gum is added to pulp slurries to break up the lumps of fibers in making paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Inquisitor-General of the Spanish Inquisition , put many persons to death . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'm taking them to the cemetery '' , said Henrietta , out of a vague feeling of hospitality . (Filtered Words: 0)
the most common type of letter was that of soldier husbands to their wives . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could read on the nearby scoreboard that Palmer , by then playing the 15th hole , was leading him by a stroke . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thanks '' , was her answer the next day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately the cafes might not make enough money to support themselves during the off season . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hot hibachi franks (Filtered Words: 0)
She was so heavy that [FILTERED]'s arms shook from lifting her and taking care of her . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Those damn punks -- taking work away from men who need it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And don't either of you forget that I'm not any man's property . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under its plan Du Pont would retain its General Motors shares but be required to pass on to its stockholders the right to vote those shares . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meltzer knew why I had come for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
To prevent or treat bacterial diarrhea , furnish 0.1 to 5 milligrams per pound of body weight daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some psychologists , in fact , suggest that career-bound husbands often are more to blame for topsy-turvy marriages than their wives . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sighed and pulled the wet sweatshirt over his head . (Filtered Words: 1)
The landscape kept repeating itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The eyes of the figure of the Nile are covered , perhaps either to symbolize the mystery of her source or to obscure from her sight the baroque facade of the Church of Sant' Agnese in Agone , the work of Bernini's rival , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Treat lambs with 12 grams per head for lambs weighing up to 50 pounds ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course we have before us the example of the great races at the galactic center ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What I'd like you to comment on is the criticism leveled at your Committee '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Your father didn't mean it , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He did not resent their supervision or Virginia's sometimes tiring sympathy . (Filtered Words: 0)
This difficulty arises even though we can give examples of men who have actually followed this course . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine , hands on cheeks , rolled by his unwounded side onto his stomach . (Filtered Words: 0)
She put the slipper neatly by its mate at the foot of the bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Further , the management path does not open the door to higher opportunities than are offered by the more technical path . (Filtered Words: 0)
Middletown bases its claim on the general provision of the law that `` all rateable property , both tangible and intangible , shall be taxed to the owner thereof in the town in which such owner shall have had his actual place of abode for the larger portion of the twelve ( 12 ) months next preceding the first day of April in each year '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one had screamed . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you want to get them aired '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Each point on C , as a vertex , may possess a finite number of corresponding diagonal points by the above construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington (Filtered Words: 0)
All capabilities must be used to maximum advantage then . (Filtered Words: 0)
They depend on my supposedly expert knowledge of a trade of which they themselves know little . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had been kind to us and we were indebted to them for one or two pleasant dinners , and for information as to where to shop , which dentist , doctor , plumber , and sitter to call ( not that there was much of a choice , since Catatonia was just a village ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the man he saved turned and looked squarely into the truck driver's face , without saying a word . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consequently , air , surface , and submarine elements overshadow the mine , fixed installations , and intelligence . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when Alfred was forced into his bed , [FILTERED] left the front porch of the store and sat at home , rocking in her rocker in the living room , staring out the window -- the rose still in her hair . (Filtered Words: 1)
And there is also something intangible that hovers around the table . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her acting began with the Birmingham Repertory Company and she soon became the toast of the West End . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tell her to come here to the hotel '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the best books by generals were not necessarily the first ones written . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not care . (Filtered Words: 0)
that he was `` devoting an average of 100 hours a month to actual preaching publicly '' , in addition to 50 to 75 hours in other ministerial duties , and that he opposed war in any form . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus we enter 1961 in a strong financial position . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simmer about 10 minutes , and keep warm for serving . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no cash around ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He had come here in order to test himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the pitching will also have trouble doing better . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though put in rather maudlin terms , Steele's defense of himself has a reasonable basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other scientific agencies , both Federal and civilian , supported studies in quantitative electron microscopical approach to microchemistry and microcytochemistry ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he caught just enough to know that the shorts were still there . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had champagne at Maxim's , then went into a cafe called the Jour et Nuit to ask the way to Montmartre . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor would he work at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the grain is fed to swine and dairy cows and lesser amounts to beef cattle and poultry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wheaton stated that the public law was essentially `` limited to the civilized and Christian peoples of Europe or to those of European origin '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both you and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He pushes and straightens himself as if he can't stand the feeling of being held . (Filtered Words: 0)
The earth was a little heavy and I had to stop once and clean the plowshares because they were not scouring properly , and I did not look back towards the place until I had turned the corner and was plowing across the upper line of the large field , a long way from where I had stopped because of the snake . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dipylon Geometric pottery of Athens and the Iliad are amazing manifestations of the inherent potentialities of Greek civilization ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When it was finally pointed east , he said , `` You should never have come out here alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a consequence , he did neither . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is mankind's wistful yearning for a world of justice and peace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside I walked past the entrance to St. Sophia , turned left at the end of it , and continued toward a gate in the wall ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter is what concerns us all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oddly enough , this is an amulet against housebreakers , presented to the mem and me by a local rajah in 1949 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In classical drama , such problems do not arise . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girls seemed to spend half their time tiptoeing in `` to see if [FILTERED] was all right '' and they were too preoccupied to cook , much less be secretaries . (Filtered Words: 1)
Care should be taken to see that the hands are placed on the floor before the kick starts and also that the landing foot is brought as close to the hands as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
The current monthly payroll comes to about $15,000,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
That achievement was his creation of the universal grinding machine , which made its appearance in 1876 at the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cylindrical focusing electrode permits adjustment of the positive lens part by varying the focusing potential . (Filtered Words: 0)
What the man wanted was four persons to volunteer as hostages , along with the crew . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly , however , their posture changed and the game ended . (Filtered Words: 0)
An' that could mean trouble with a fella that's workin' for crooks . (Filtered Words: 0)
North to Acadia National Park , Maine , with views of a rockbound coast and dark , magnificent forests . (Filtered Words: 0)
The financial problem , where it exists , usually stems from the adoption of a budget for the transitional or adjustment period . (Filtered Words: 0)
And of course the news of who the composer was did finally begin to get around among his closest friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
In view of the important role which emotional disturbances play in the genesis of neurotic and psychotic disorders and the parallelism observed between autonomic states and psychological behavior in several instances , it is further suggested that a hypothalamic imbalance may play an important role in initiating mental changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
And that was why , on the day of the performance , when a carriage from the royal stables called to take him to the palace , he did not bother to shave . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would not the emotional catharsis eventually brought on by this awfulness have a calming , if not exhausting , effect likely to improve his client's chances ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though this is my rock , you can use it sometimes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The news of their experiments reaches the farmers who , forgetting that birds are the most efficient natural enemies of insects and rodents , are encouraged to try to get rid of all birds that occasionally peck their grapes or their blueberries '' , [FILTERED] told the delegates . (Filtered Words: 1)
Jump off is tomorrow night when the Packs meet St. Louis in their season home opener . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quasimodo defines his own art as `` the search for what is not there '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For several generations much fiction has appeared dealing with the steprelationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here I do not mean catharsis , the discharge of emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a dinner party for which she had come down to New York , Mrs. [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] arrived to see them off , and [FILTERED] made tart observations that indicated that [FILTERED] had been less discreet than he had promised to be about the real nature of their separation . (Filtered Words: 4)
Dancing was no longer permitted in the streets . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So do I . (Filtered Words: 0)
It says that `` in the event Congress does provide this increase in federal funds '' , the State Board of Education should be directed to `` give priority '' to teacher pay raises . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who knew about it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] played well and his favorite song was a [FILTERED] lullaby . (Filtered Words: 2)
He wanted to know if my father had beaten me or my mother had run away from home to give me an unhappy childhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dives , carefully repaired huts , and nicely painted and ornamented cottages were jumbled together cheek by jowl with little distinction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fruit is then cooled to 42-degrees-F. , a temperature at which it lapses into a sort of dormant state . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now , now , you're just guessing , Sergeant '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was proposed that aerated lagoons be used to eliminate the problem at the existing oxidation ponds and to provide the necessary treatment for the additional development . (Filtered Words: 0)
This subject , who has been undergoing psychoanalytic psychotherapy for five years , did not give a positive Kohnstamm reaction under any of the four standardized conditions used in this experiment while sober . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this historic square are several statues , but the one that stands out over the others is that of Gen. [FILTERED] , hero of the Battle of New Orleans . (Filtered Words: 1)
Labor fights to change its collar from blue to white . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am an honest man '' , the German said with fervor . (Filtered Words: 0)
the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $4,500,000 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have full confidence in you . (Filtered Words: 0)
This can be done to a high degree of accuracy by existing surveying techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , who ever thought that New York is typical of anything ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] comes to Rome and becomes a great and beloved [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
grasp the bar ( which will rest against the back of your neck ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Meeting it without preparation as they did , robbed of anticipation , a common disappointment seized them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let me illustrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , with their daughter , [FILTERED] , and son , James , Jr. are spending several weeks in Florida , and will visit in Clearwater . (Filtered Words: 2)
Another moment and they were out of sight , leaving behind only a string of bubbles as a clue to their whereabouts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once , in New York , he had gone flying with some friends in a small private airplane with a single engine . (Filtered Words: 0)
The broadcast said [FILTERED] , a Seattle ex-marine and Havana businessman , and [FILTERED] , of Miami , were condemned on charges of smuggling arms to Cuban rebels . (Filtered Words: 2)
He almost broke into tears . (Filtered Words: 0)
The layout of the sewer lines was designed by [FILTERED] , who was the engineer for the Manchester Village disposal plant . (Filtered Words: 1)
its waves persisted for a week and were felt as far away as the English coast . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a clump of trees that appeared to provide cover right up to the road , and the shouting and gunfire never slackened . (Filtered Words: 0)
The English schools preceded ours , and by the time we got into it they had learned a lot about the techniques of propaganda and its teaching . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the time drew near for the drawing of the British-American frontier by terms of the agreement of 1818 , the company suspected that the Pembina colony -- its own post and Fort Daer -- was on American territory . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where is everyone ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If any of us miss , they can pick up the pieces . (Filtered Words: 0)
International cooperative activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Got the upstairs guy '' , he bellows . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five years ago , they had only 10% of the market , with the remainder firmly entrenched in the stronghold of neon tubing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned over impatiently and pulled the sheet over his head against the treacherous encroachment of the dawn . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other words , as students go through college , those who are most successful academically tend to become more committed to a `` Bill of Rights '' orientation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bergson and [FILTERED] announce that `` the secret is the center of a philosophy '' and thereafter a hundred followers declare secrecy a higher verity . (Filtered Words: 1)
These slide into and out of the notches in the tappets as the tappets are moved , locking and unlocking them . (Filtered Words: 0)
A general line L meets Q in two points , Af and Af , through each of which passes a unique generator of the regulus , Af , whose lines are simple secants of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh-the-pain-of-it , that convention of Russian ballet whereby the girls convey the idea that they are all the daughters of impoverished Grand Dukes driven to the stage out of filial piety , is totally absent from the Kirov . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is very unlikely that either of these anacondas was growing at a normal rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they could turn and escape to the east . (Filtered Words: 0)
The antagonists came in , one at a time , and did not see or hear the other presentations . (Filtered Words: 0)
It still stands as a monument to the engineering skills of the last century and still serves in the gasoline age to carry heavy traffic on U.S. Route 250 -- the old Beverly and Fairmont Turnpike . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was unexpected , unexpected because Lilly walked with her head bent down , down , and her mark of friendship was to look into your face . (Filtered Words: 0)
The anti-slavery movement (Filtered Words: 0)
He put her down on the couch , and going into the kitchen , saw that the boy had dropped into a chair beside the table . (Filtered Words: 0)
They will also supply literature on application . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were no less than six or seven saloons in Ganado , not counting the lower class dives , all vying for the trade of celebrating miners and teamsters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The scene , of course , should be nine miles northwest of Centralia , Illinois , the geographical center of population according to the census . (Filtered Words: 0)
The so-called vegetable ivory is the hard endosperm of the egg-sized seed . (Filtered Words: 0)
An assumption of youth , or the presence of a few youthful characteristics , deceives no more successfully than rouge or dyed hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
A network of sampling stations had been set up on shore . (Filtered Words: 0)
He reminded Matsuo of a similar thing he had witnessed in China . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sprinkle over top of chicken breasts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The play of novel lighting effects also entered into these compositions , whose controlled power and varied activity made them well worth meditating . (Filtered Words: 0)
He can even be a mild-voiced little-town guy with big-town ideas and level gray eyes and a heart even Houdini couldn't figure out , how it is unlocked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Improves growth rate and feed efficiency of fattening beef animals . (Filtered Words: 0)
they fled from the Victorian parlor and made their way across the stormy Atlantic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet there was some precedent for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
In distal regions its diameter would be one-fourth to one-fifth that of the pulmonary artery . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- I bought 50 shares of Diversified Growth Stock Fund on Oct. 23 , 1959 , and 50 more shares of the same mutual fund on Feb. 8 , 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor [FILTERED] said last night he plans to name a committee to make the study and come up with recommendations for possible changes in time for the next session of the General Assembly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hollywood (Filtered Words: 0)
Radio reception . (Filtered Words: 0)
Housekeeping is easier . (Filtered Words: 0)
She shook her head . (Filtered Words: 0)
This passion brings on a fit which proves fatal . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] residents have been generous contributors to the fund over the years . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mementoes of the Old West recall the days of Wyatt Earp in Dodge City , Nebraska , where present-day cowboys add a colorful human interest note to your vacation shooting . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all , the Senate signed a check for $46.7 billion , which not only included the extra $3.5 billion requested the week before by President [FILTERED] , but tacked on $754 million more than the President had asked for . (Filtered Words: 1)
In witness whereof , the respective representatives , duly authorized for the purpose , have signed the present Agreement . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Cut off every building at the seventh floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
This rather detached attitude toward life's encumbrances has seemed to be the dominant trait in [FILTERED]'s personality ever since . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Warren Telegraph stated that many of Rev. [FILTERED]'s remarks were inappropriate and savored strongly of radicalism and fanaticism . (Filtered Words: 1)
when the management brought around champagne , the breakfast settled its whirling around in his stomach . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] '' , [FILTERED] replied as he left , `` if you ever get a telegram from me asking you to do anything , you can put the telegram down as a forgery '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
the term `` State '' includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and any possession of the United States ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not that there's much use in locking up the smokehouse and the storehouse now . (Filtered Words: 0)
His heart beat faster . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are certainly large areas of understanding in the human sciences which in themselves and even without political invention can help to dispel our present fears . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pa had his head up , glaring , his teeth gnawing at the place where he'd grown a mustache once . (Filtered Words: 0)
He continued as a popular lecturer . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the early spring of 1913 a few hundred thousand persons turned out to watch 5000 women parade . (Filtered Words: 0)
What does he feed his SMU football mastodons at the training table ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe it was on page 573 '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The buckskin bolted out of the stall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cascading single stages by coupling lens systems is rather inefficient as the lens systems limit the obtainable gain quite severely . (Filtered Words: 0)
The history of disarmament agreements , for instance , had been unreassuringly dismal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
No , darling I'd rather you didn't come out '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Below the fort , high bluffs extended uninterruptedly for six miles along the Mississippi River . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] , your report says that ' our function is investigative and advisory and does not in any way derogate from or prejudice Mr. [FILTERED]'s rights as a staff member . (Filtered Words: 2)
The third time rather urgently . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Southwest , the fall brings out flotillas of boatsmen who find the summer too hot for comfort . (Filtered Words: 0)
We couldn't be seen together , for the tongue of Scandal was ever ready to link our names , and the tongue of Scandal finds but one thing to say of the association of a man with a girl , no matter how innocent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Subgroups of various types have been found within this system . (Filtered Words: 0)
I guess you'd better go on in the morning '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The verdict came three hours later . (Filtered Words: 0)
The prospects look great . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dave . (Filtered Words: 0)
Britain's plans to press Russia for a definite cease-fire timetable was announced in London by Foreign Secretary Lord Home . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got no relief from drink because , though sometimes Precious would buy himself a drink if he went out with us in the evening , he'd leave it on the table untouched . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We know [FILTERED] spent some -- and Carmer must have dropped a few dollars getting that load on '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Communication may be facilitated by means of the high visibility within the larger community . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was saved from making the decision as the phone rang , and the girls were upon me instantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , she had come to [FILTERED] in 1888 , and had been since 1891 except for one year , Associate [FILTERED] or [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
But with today's demand for professional qualifications and specialized training , the need for `` outsiders '' becomes more pressing . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a fog , which increased the darkness of the night . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conclusions : The people involved ( and subsequent facts bear me out here ) knew clearly the relative values of peanuts and emeralds , both monetary and sentimental . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get a basket '' , [FILTERED] told her . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] heard again ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The Presidency demands an incisive awareness of the larger implications of the death of any incumbent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some have lovely homes -- some live in small apartments . (Filtered Words: 0)
join sides and base with slip and reinforce with coil . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They are a very difficult group of people '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a matter of trying to sort out an earlier fourth-century Saxon element from the later , fifth-century mainstream of Anglo-Saxon invasions . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had left both of his eyes uncovered . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] art God '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He does not seem to have caught the subtleties of the man . (Filtered Words: 0)
If nothing else , at least two good songs came out of the project , `` Out Of This World '' and `` June Comes Around Every Year '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were climbing the hill in the night when the headlights abruptly probed solid blackness , became two parallel luminous tubes which broadened out into a faint mist of light and ended . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President said the nation's 92 medical and 47 dental schools cannot now handle the student load needed to meet the rising need for health care . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` (Filtered Words: 0)
for the next two days , the impact rate was Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Coverage of primary literature will follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
The importance of particle size in such aerosols has been thoroughly demonstrated . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 1 ) A great deal of time was spent on processes for solving marital differences . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reduced to its simplest terms , it is an assumption of a collective duty to compensate for the inability of individuals to cope with the rigors of the era . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beat me to death in front of a hundred people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Henrietta held her bouquet out of reach and said it was for Doaty . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was [FILTERED] , who posed with Mrs. [FILTERED] for the portrait by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` Tomorrow . (Filtered Words: 0)
The evening of our first day we drove with [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , who were friends and patients of Norton , to dine at a restaurant on the shores of the Aegean . (Filtered Words: 2)
Felix took us into his studio . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the most fundamental objection he has to poets appears in the Tenth Book , and it is derived from his doctrine of ideal forms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just about the most enthralling real-life example of meeting cute is the [FILTERED][FILTERED] saga : reputedly all he did was give her a handful of peanuts , but he said simultaneously , `` I wish they were emeralds '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
The Mississippi Sound leads into a protected waterway running about 200 miles from Pascagoula to Apalachicola . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] brothers were experienced bridge builders , and against the competition of other , and better known , bridge designers and builders they had constructed nine of the covered , wooden bridges on the [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] a dozen years before , as well as many other bridges for several counties . (Filtered Words: 3)
In the judgment of Chief of Staff Scott it was ironic that the draft policy of a Democratic President , aimed at Germany , had to be pushed through the House of Representatives by the ranking minority member of the Military Affairs Committee -- a Republican Jew born in Germany ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He listed among the values of fiscal uniformity : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can't tell when , but I'm positive I witnessed this same scene of this particular gathering at some time in the past '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Historians have had two reasons for persisting so long in their investigations . (Filtered Words: 0)
He and [FILTERED] waited by the door , one to either side . (Filtered Words: 1)
Martin turned his back . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was an interesting fraternisation of ex-convicts , union racketeers , ward heelers , sold-out officials , and gunmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Roleplaying was offered as a solution -- and the procedure worked as follows : all candidates were invited to a hotel conference room , where the president explained the difficulty he had , and how unnecessary it seemed to him to hire people who just did not work out . (Filtered Words: 0)
His new book , entitled `` Slums And Suburbs '' , calls for fast and drastic action to avert disaster . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] Bonanza room has a real bonanza in its new attraction , the versatile `` Kings 4 , Plus Two '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
They remained close together , their air trail wiggling like serpents traveling side by side . (Filtered Words: 0)
The so-called vegetable ivory is the hard endosperm of the egg-sized seed . (Filtered Words: 0)
After leaving [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] joined the Benny Goodman band as a vocalist . (Filtered Words: 2)
He glanced back . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tightened his turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
A heart attack when she was barely 20 put an end to the 10-hour daily practicing . (Filtered Words: 0)
A study at the Pentagon and at the service academies revealed that nothing was being done there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Land (Filtered Words: 0)
He has advised me that the narrower interpretation is the proper one ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They would champion me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The vulture-like attendance of the Pocket family upon Miss [FILTERED] is summed up in the hypocritical gestures of Miss [FILTERED] , who puts her hand to her throat in a feigned spasm of grief-stricken choking , then lays it `` upon her heaving bosom '' with `` an unnatural fortitude of manner '' , and finally kisses it to Miss [FILTERED] in a parody of the lady's own mannerism toward Estella . (Filtered Words: 3)
But exactly how far it will go toward improving conditions is another question because there is so much that needs doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
A thing he did not like doing , generally . (Filtered Words: 0)
Afterwards I learned that [FILTERED] had called Thelma on the telephone and made a big scene about Thelma trying to take her husband away . (Filtered Words: 1)
Regardless of the decision two facts are clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Understanding a work of art involves recognition of the ideas that it reflects or embodies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now all he had to do was finish in even par to collect the trophy and the biggest single paycheck in golf . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Pollock is an object of art -- bijouterie -- disguised only by its great size . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` John ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And you recognized me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Turkish political leaders bowed today to military pressure and agreed to form an emergency national front government with Gen. [FILTERED] as president . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was a new [FILTERED] and the Vatican was making itself heard and felt these days . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the same time he started walking the streets , peering at the people passing or shopping at the stalls , storing up fresh impressions of what they looked like , how they moved . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stifled the Comanche yell and let John lead him straight toward the nearby black volcanic mountain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , in 1961 , the Catholic population of England is still quite small ( ten per cent , or 5 million ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence the minimal polynomial for Af is Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
2-5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The blaze was spreading to the frame buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
He finished the war as a major general , commanding a full division , and at 25 was the youngest major general in the history of the U.S. Army . (Filtered Words: 0)
Body heat in the close quarters will help keep up the temperature . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was late , we were playing kissing games , and [FILTERED] and I were called on to kiss in front of the others . (Filtered Words: 1)
smarter , and wear different kinds of clothes -- she'd be [FILTERED] , just what that sounded like . (Filtered Words: 1)
When the Yalta Papers were finally published with great fanfare they had revealed no betrayal by anyone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Family Service could not open its doors to a single family without the financial support of the United Givers Fund . (Filtered Words: 0)
Orchesis , for students interested in the modern dance , contributes to the May Fete and offers earlier in the year a modern dance demonstration . (Filtered Words: 0)
so are certain signals that she does not accept divorce . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right , step back '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The only hope which good teachers have for being paid their due is to stop dragging the dead weight of poor teachers up the economic ladder with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The angle Af is measured in the medium of index Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Says [FILTERED] : `` We dealers must earn our mark-up by performing a service for the builder cheaper than he could do it himself '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
But very mystical too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ulyate drew back with a start , and put finger to lips , almost afraid to move or whisper lest it set her off , `` The dogs have got her bayed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Transit . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was nothing wrong with her job . (Filtered Words: 0)
But what is the operational worth of a sociology which mimetically reproduces the idea of physical models ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The renaissance city (Filtered Words: 0)
When the ballplayers started to carry the catcher off the field he said : `` That ought to teach the sonofabitch '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Separate pails were kept in the kitchen for coffee grounds and egg shells . (Filtered Words: 0)
Respondents' practices in participating in advertised bidding for defense business ( Part C of the questionnaire ) 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Anything wrong with the plumbing in 1105 '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , sometimes it is used to describe felt human misery , and other times it is postulated to explain unfelt anxiety and discontent . (Filtered Words: 0)
This Europeanization of the law was made explicit by a number of 19th century scholars . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Pantheon's interior , still in its original form , is truly majestic and an architectural triumph . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everybody has a different idea on the ethics and morals of driving away neighbors , when and if . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the most confidential whispers ambassadors told of techniques they had tried to bring Rooney around -- friendly persuasion , groveling abasement , pressure subtly exerted through other powerful congressmen , tales of heartbreak and penury among a threadbare diplomatic corps . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a slight nervous twitch in the region of her left eye . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can't we put an end to this , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
A note making the request was handed to U.S. Ambassador [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
There seems to be a rough correlation between the initial and ultimate lengths , starting with the smallest ( boa constrictor ) and ending with the largest ( anaconda ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
His brothers' anger caused Palfrey genuine concern , for he had imposed a dual mission upon himself : to free his slaves , and to keep the family from falling apart over the issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
When we consider the disorganized state of the world community , and the legacy of predispositions adversely directed against all who are identified as Jews , it is obvious that the struggle for the minds and muscles of men needs to be prosecuted with increasing vigor and skill . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a refugee who was able to come here because of her . (Filtered Words: 0)
He evidently earned the place assigned him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Small antelope were generally grassed with one shot , and the Magnum carbine also bagged reedbuck , kob and wart hog with deadly efficiency ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Inheritance in mice . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , effective mine barriers from Florida to Cuba and across the Yucatan Channel from Cuba to Mexico would remove all requirements for harbor defense , inshore patrol , convoy escort , shipping control , and mine defense for the entire Gulf of Mexico . (Filtered Words: 0)
A rush of panic caught [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] writes on The Verbal Radical In Iraqw . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the dignity , the influence , and the power of the legislative branch of our Government -- it is a privilege for us to do honor to this great man who represents not alone his own district but all the people of our country . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who seems to have made a special hit in the East , was delightful as the lady Bluebird and her partner , [FILTERED] , was wonderfully virile , acrobatic , and poetic all at the same time , in a tradition not unlike that of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
Our objectives , as we have stated many times , are -- ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
As a matter of fact , we prize the diversity among our own people so much that we will not presume to speak for all other American artists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blockade is one answer offered by experts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place cylinder on a disk of clay slightly larger than cylinder . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time even she did not answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
A knowledgeable celebrity (Filtered Words: 0)
Soaring to stardom along with him , Margo Felicity Brighetti , a luscious and curvaceously beguiling Italian starlet , turns in a creditable performance as an airplane mechanic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let Old Knife come up and kill you and your people , or would you steer him on someone else '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by no means its exclusive domain . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Rummaging in the dew '' , said [FILTERED] coldly . (Filtered Words: 1)
He fled through the door and down the steps , running , and the men grunted and followed , pushing Lester to one side where he backed against the wall with the sleeve of his jacket raised before his eyes to shut out the light . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hardy's two productive decades were separated by forty years , yet between them he developed only in that he became more steadily himself -- it was a narrowing , not an expanding process . (Filtered Words: 0)
Made of the world's toughest unbreakable plastic , Melamine dinnerware comes in almost 400 different patterns and dozens of colors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lands in this last category are situated largely in the mountainous portions of the Eastern States . (Filtered Words: 0)
As mentioned above , where families are concentrated in larger numbers , group controls seem strongest and most effective . (Filtered Words: 0)
There seems to be a rough correlation between the initial and ultimate lengths , starting with the smallest ( boa constrictor ) and ending with the largest ( anaconda ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked so comfortable being straight . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the greatest Homerists of our time , [FILTERED] , argues that when it is assumed The Iliad and The Odyssey are oral poems , the postulated single redactor called Homer cannot be either credited with or denied originality in choice of phrasing . (Filtered Words: 1)
The morale is very high . (Filtered Words: 0)
Serious difficulty arose with the advent of Substantive Due Process . (Filtered Words: 0)
The number of primitive ideas in systematically-simple theories is reduced to a minimum . (Filtered Words: 0)
at first gratingly , caught by grains of corn -- then with a clash into its slot . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the spring and early summer of that year she met a wealthy foreign tycoon who took her to France , where she later met a very wealthy man and toured all Europe with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fair enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
and Seattle , Wash. . (Filtered Words: 0)
We also know that the Saxon Shore as reflected in the Notitia was created as a part of the Theodosian reorganization of Britain ( post A.D. 369 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally she had come down ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Wisconsin plant turned out to be a white elephant . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they first married he had been working in the fields all day , and she would get in the car and drive to wherever he was working , to take him a fresh hot meal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic objectives in each instance are to make available supplies of food during the intervals between harvesting or slaughter , to minimize losses resulting from the action of microorganisms and insects , and to make it possible to transport foods from the area of harvest or production to areas of consumption . (Filtered Words: 0)
The eyes followed him fearfully . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contributions to schools (Filtered Words: 0)
The uptown crowd has moved in , and what girl worth her seventh veil would trade a turtleneck sweater for a button-down collar ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
At Cypress Gardens special bleachers are set up for photographers at water-ski shows and lovely models pose for pictures in garden settings . (Filtered Words: 0)
We want to stimulate ideas from the bottom to the top of the Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a free-lance investigator , the fictional detective is responsible to no one but himself and his client . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See page 100 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The set of vectors Af constitutes the operating policy or , more briefly , the policy , and a policy is admissible if all the Af belong to S . (Filtered Words: 0)
But no : Prokofieff grew . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thereafter seed and food became more plentiful and the colony remained in the north the year round . (Filtered Words: 0)
Increase expected (Filtered Words: 0)
Its synthesis has not been demonstrated in cell-free systems , nor has its synthesis by systems with intact thyroid cells in vitro been unequivocally proven . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sessions should cover four major areas : A (Filtered Words: 0)
Her legs hung down long and thin as she sat on the high stool . (Filtered Words: 0)
The motorist later was identified as [FILTERED] , 17 , of 2433 McClellan , currently on probation and under court order not to drive . (Filtered Words: 1)
He turned away and returned in a moment with a pint of brandy in a small paper sack which he slid over the counter to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
or just evenings . (Filtered Words: 0)
And most of all it is not having the only man you could love , whether he drives a bread truck or delivers the mail or checks the berry crates down at the sheds , or owns seventeen oil wells and six diamond mines , for if you are anybody what he is or does makes no difference if he is the one . (Filtered Words: 0)
The distances of these points of light is a problem he cannot master , beyond crude conjectures as to the orderings of the planetary orbits viewed outward from earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he had never seen the mountainous half of his native land north of [FILTERED] , including the royal capital , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
No wonder Khrushchev's first message to President [FILTERED] was a wistful desire for the return of the `` good old days '' of Roosevelt . (Filtered Words: 1)
He breathed now with his mouth open , showing a whitely curving section of lower teeth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of this may prove to be true , or even considerable of it , whether by genetic ramification or by diffusion and coalescence . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was caught in a machine . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this sense also , they are surely conformists . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's she doing in this bunch '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We are just beginning the task of trying to win or maintain the friendship of the new African nations against the ruthless competition of the Communist bloc . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , if you're that kind of sportsman we're here to help you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The beaming [FILTERED] was carrying a thirty-caliber machine gun ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Rat-face at the counter was on his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
She felt like a fool , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they had gone , he stood for a minute breathing in the mustiness of old paper and leather which the busily thrumming air conditioner couldn't quite dispel . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here are two old men , mad at each other and too proud to pick up the phone '' , said a House Democratic leader . (Filtered Words: 0)
But with the months moving on -- and the immediate confrontations with the Communists showing no gain for the free world -- the question arises : (Filtered Words: 0)
A cold supper was ordered and a bottle of port . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the money all but in hand , however , the Administration indicated that , instead of the 225,000 more men in uniform that President [FILTERED] had requested , the armed forces would be increased by only 160,000 . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was filled with knowledge of the Bible and the Talmud . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is confronted with the recurrent crises , such as great natural catastrophes and the great transitions of life -- marriage , incurable disease , widowhood , old age , the certainty of death . (Filtered Words: 0)
She opened the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See [FILTERED]. 7 . (Filtered Words: 1)
You will come up with a frightening total . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Chickens have short memories '' , the doctor remarked , `` that's why they are better company than most people I know '' , and he went on to break some important news to Alex . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have also seen the power of faith at work among us . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the very moment that every attempt is being made to take management out from under the irrationality of anti-trust legislation , a drive is on to abolish collective bargaining under the guise of extending the anti-monopoly laws to unions who want no more than to continue to set wages in the same way that ship operators set freight rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
The room vibrated as if a giant hand had rocked it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You mean you dragged your wife all over hell's half-acre looking for work '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Both had blonde hair and blue eyes , and there was even a faint similarity of features . (Filtered Words: 0)
Park visitors are always eager to learn more about the area they are in . (Filtered Words: 0)
How's your cold '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The walls feel slippery . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other words , as students go through college , those who are most successful academically tend to become more committed to a `` Bill of Rights '' orientation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their conclusions concerning the untrustworthiness of the West Saxon annals , the confused chronology of Bede , the unreliability of the early positions of the Anglo-Saxon genealogies and the mythological elements contained in Nennius are now mostly accepted . (Filtered Words: 0)
The word `` tragedy '' encloses for us in a single span both the Greek and the Elizabethan example . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] singled deep into the hole at short to start the rally . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is the only county in the state so far this month reporting a possible shortage in GA category , for which emergency allotment can be given by the state if necessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , Mr. [FILTERED] found nothing but confusion in Washington . (Filtered Words: 1)
That which is born of the flesh is flesh ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It really looked as if a change of the sort predicted by [FILTERED] had been going on . (Filtered Words: 1)
Scotty looked at the children , his mouth slightly opened , his eyes dull . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check to see if some of your benefits -- such as on-the-job disability pay -- can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked around , self-consciously . (Filtered Words: 0)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Branch Offices are located in other large cities . (Filtered Words: 0)
When , as in this case , the two forms match , the address Af is saved to represent the occurrence Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Improvements (Filtered Words: 0)
information on foreign and domestic import duties and regulations , licensing , investments , and establishing of branch representatives or plants abroad , and documentary requirements concerning export shipments and arrangements for payment . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , in everything he gave his large Beethoven Hall audience , proved himself as an interpreter of unobtrusive authority . (Filtered Words: 1)
Elisha R. Potter was the Democratic candidate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic goal finds partial expression in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , a statement initiated and endorsed by individuals and organizations of many religious and philosophical traditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , it determined that neither this factor , nor `` the fact that all concerned in high executive posts in both companies acted honorably and fairly , each in the honest conviction that his actions were in the best interests of his own company and without any design to overreach anyone , including Du Pont's competitors '' , outweighed the Government's claim for relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
The answer is that it was a combination of circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of the available information comes not from the Federal government but from an exchange of experiences among states . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it was finally pointed east , he said , `` You should never have come out here alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Present at the scene -- in addition to the dead man , who was indeed [FILTERED] -- had been Thor's partner [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] , an advertising agency executive who handled the zing account . (Filtered Words: 3)
He was moving like a ballet dancer , playing for laughs . (Filtered Words: 0)
They feel that World War 3 , has already begun , and they are setting themselves up as a `` last line of defense '' against the Communist advance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Microscopically , the mucosa of the stomach showed extensive cytolysis and contained large numbers of Gram-negative bacterial rods . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were to conciliate the unfriendly savages , and , wherever possible , to incite the natives to pillage the traders from Carolina . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must mentally pull the blinds and close the window , so that all that existed was in the books before him . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the biennium reviewed in this Report , our Board of Trustees named able men , younger than the rest of us , to the Board and to top management to insure future continuance of the first-class administration of the Foundation's affairs : (Filtered Words: 0)
but they all hastened to add that certainly less time was needed on it than presently spent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fears prejudicial aspects (Filtered Words: 0)
Some fourteen or fifteen years ago , in an essay I called The Leader Follows -- Where ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
From International Airport in Los Angeles to International Airport in Houston , as the great four-jet Boeing 707 flies , is a routine five hours and 25 minutes , including stopovers at Phoenix , El Paso , and San Antonio . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why lacerate the -- congregation '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a fighter for those of his own party . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] are co-chairmen this year . (Filtered Words: 2)
But [FILTERED] and Capone had graver cause to hate and distrust the Irishman . (Filtered Words: 1)
Until such evidence appears , we must make do with the evidence we have . (Filtered Words: 0)
They offered no opinions , volunteered nothing , betrayed no emotions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ching , Tien , all of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spit . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found nothing , but he still refused to give up and move out . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` 'nother minute I'd have been fine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since interviewing is the basic therapeutic and diagnostic instrument of modern psychiatry , the recording of interviews for playbacks and study has been a boost of Redstone proportions in new research and training . (Filtered Words: 0)
In some cases , it may be more advantageous to assign locations to RDWS associated with DA and DC areas in some other part of storage , i.e. , not immediately preceding the DA or DC areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hell , yes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was a slightly different matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was the wrong woman for these crudities . (Filtered Words: 1)
To his puzzlement , there suddenly was no haze . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
What they meant was that there was no evidence to show that the south and east coasts of Britain received Germanic settlers conspicuously earlier than some other parts of England . (Filtered Words: 0)
I also use a small electric hand-blower to dry large washes in the studio . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nadine strode over to him , and her pointed nails raked across his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
To his delight , her eyes focused at once upon the two garments . (Filtered Words: 0)
A form of objective function that we shall often have occasion to consider is Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Traffic and revenues on the Chicago Skyway have been a great disappointment to planners and investors alike . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to the authentication and acknowledgment procedures which precede and follow the sending of the go messages , again in special codes , each message also contains an `` internal authenticator '' , another specific signal to convince the recipient that he is getting the real thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Read on , take your pick -- and start dropping those hints . (Filtered Words: 0)
Company rule in Louisiana left the colony without fortifications , arms , munitions , or supplies . (Filtered Words: 0)
I will not let your evil in . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is said that , even at the present stage of Southern urbanization , such a city as Atlanta is not distinctly unlike Columbus or Trenton . (Filtered Words: 0)
According to Friends , the unit was organized by [FILTERED] , a former World War 2 , commando who is vice president and general manager of the telephone company . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Any luck '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Some , like the British and the French , maintain an elaborate system of personal contacts and have experts constantly studying special areas of the American scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What about the bedroom '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That long night with [FILTERED] and marijuana in Venice had opened her eyes . (Filtered Words: 1)
and it must be enforced without discrimination . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was snowing hard when they got there and they saw no horses outside . (Filtered Words: 0)
You explain English by Greek '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] roared twice and two men dropped , writhing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Tiles were fired once to cone 05 . (Filtered Words: 0)
His sense for rhythmic variety and timing is impeccable . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one had screamed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He jerked once in the grass and lay still . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was not . (Filtered Words: 0)
He threw a smart salute at the gangway , went up the dock , and turned down the wide street in front of the Petty Officers' Club . (Filtered Words: 0)
Data on the former are scanty , but there can be little doubt that the latter is sometimes born at a length greater than that of any of the others , thereby lending support to the belief that the anaconda does , indeed , attain the greatest length . (Filtered Words: 0)
To speak of this underlying view of the world is to embark upon matters of subjective judgment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rembrandt's `` Aristotle Contemplating Bust of Homer '' brought $2,300,000 at auction the other night . (Filtered Words: 0)
The former is intended to decrease the amount of work necessary to extend dictionary coverage . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the one hand do we argue the Supreme Court decision required only that a child not be denied admission to a school on account of his race ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come on , Jorge '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For what [FILTERED] life in this House teaches us is that loyalty and character are not divisive and there is no such thing as being for your country and neglecting your district . (Filtered Words: 1)
The religion supports , re-enforces , reaffirms , and maintains the fundamental values . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , however , will not exhaust their practical usefulness , as they rather clearly indicate what thorough phonologic investigation can contribute to orthography design . (Filtered Words: 0)
The plane rumbled and slowed . (Filtered Words: 0)
And there would be no chance of signaling them -- without the [FILTERED] generator [FILTERED] could not send a call powerful enough to get through all the static , and by the time he could rebuild his fusion power the skiff would be gone . (Filtered Words: 2)
35 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
I walked with him back to the entrance . (Filtered Words: 0)
A broader concept of imitation is needed , one which acknowledges that true invention is important , that the artist's creativity in part transcends the non-artistic causal factors out of which it arises . (Filtered Words: 0)
the snail is pulling in her horns . (Filtered Words: 0)
I mean our children '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To have someday that love returned was what he had lived for . (Filtered Words: 0)
Layout and equipment were modernized and improved to obtain increased production on an efficient basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s class was doing Fine Arts , a selective subject in her crowded program . (Filtered Words: 1)
E . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the stranger was nimbler still . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ideas are the thruway to nowhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Bunks , or materials to build them , may have to be put inside the enclosure before the shelter walls are completed . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
Such needs may rise to pathological proportions . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the South begins another school year , national and even world attention is directed at the region's slow progress toward racial equality in the public schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , the theatrical ( and perversely erotic ) notions of dressing up , cosmetics , disguise , and especially change of costume ( or singularity of costume , as with [FILTERED] ) , are characteristically associated with the catastrophes of Mann's stories . (Filtered Words: 1)
And there is also something intangible that hovers around the table . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was incensed , of course . (Filtered Words: 1)
On one visit he stopped at the office of the American , where he was known surreptitiously as `` the Great White Chief '' , and for the first time met his managing editor , fat Moses [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He put in a call to [FILTERED] from his hotel room . (Filtered Words: 1)
Over the first five frames , [FILTERED] , the big righthander who figures to be in the middle of Oriole plans for a drive on the 1961 American League pennant , held the A's scoreless while yielding three scattered hits . (Filtered Words: 1)
Does making your own clothes or even doll clothes , interest you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an indicator , or indicators , are needed as means of recognizing specific periods of delay in skeletal developmental progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the evening the former Oregon State science teachers met for dinner at the New Tokyo Restaurant where I had my first raw fish and found it good . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That will be so nice for you , Mrs. [FILTERED] '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Channing wrote this -- in a letter ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Eichmann himself is a model of how the myth of the enemy-Jew can be used to transform the ordinary man of present-day society into a menace to all his neighbors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ahead were perilous , ice-filled waters . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is that so '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When we were fighting , a few of our orthodox people were lying down in the roads so we could not pass . (Filtered Words: 0)
health , hygiene , medical aid and preventive medicine ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This is particularly acute for those who attended Midwood High School directly across the street from Brooklyn College . (Filtered Words: 0)
a son , [FILTERED] , Seattle , Wash. ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Never given to mincing words , he places heavy blame upon the faulty , uncourageous leadership of Britain and particularly America . (Filtered Words: 0)
Telephone communication was bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is his appetite improved '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I stood up and began pacing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Broiled out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The former is intended to decrease the amount of work necessary to extend dictionary coverage . (Filtered Words: 0)
I never wear anything at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
As of now , that all seems behind him . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the volume standpoint , the total market represented by the sign industry is impressive . (Filtered Words: 0)
The police have finished with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] became indispensable ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , Aug. 8 (Filtered Words: 1)
To honor him is to honor ourselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
there was the daily round of household chores in which Maggie insisted on participating . (Filtered Words: 0)
He will discuss the significance of Christian commitment , the necessity of family religion and private devotions , and the importance of the membership preparation sessions . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You don't understand , Pa . (Filtered Words: 0)
The idea behind our design is modular units , or panelization . (Filtered Words: 0)
With Britain looking inward , overseas problems were neglected and the baton was passed on to the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
The story reflects the way too many people feel . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Take hands ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They're drinking , aren't they '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was sound asleep , and I didn't see any sense in waking him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Leave that fool picture out '' , she added sharply . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ah , you're too old '' , was invariably his ungallant and untrue retort whenever I suggested `` starting a family '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a choice item and Grappely deserves mention too , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
Skorich began his new job auspiciously today . (Filtered Words: 0)
A BTU is a unit of heat , and the BTU rating of a conditioner refers to how much heat your machine can pump out of your house in an hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Istiqlal was still firmly united in 1957 , but the P.D.I. ( Parti Democratique de l'Independance ) , the most important minor party at the time , objected to the Istiqlal's predominance in the civil service and influence in Radio Maroc . (Filtered Words: 0)
As mentioned , the primary allocation objective to be followed in the allocation of stations on clear channels is the provision of widespread service , free from destructive interference . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tolek Alterman had returned from the colonies in Palestine and , before the national leadership , exalted the miracles of drying up swamps and irrigating the desert . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out . (Filtered Words: 0)
She kept repeating . (Filtered Words: 0)
This curve is of symbol Af since it meets **yl , and hence every line of Af in the Af invariant points on **yl and since it obviously meets every line of Af in a single point . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had peered through the darkness at the rampart . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And you know I can do it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they weren't just friends , [FILTERED] thought ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
I ask you to do me the last favour of reading them by 8 to-morrow evening , about which time I shall come to say my sad good-bye . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reduced to its simplest terms , it is an assumption of a collective duty to compensate for the inability of individuals to cope with the rigors of the era . (Filtered Words: 0)
Manual leveling is inconvenient if the platform must be maintained accurately level for any prolonged period of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
The crisis was artificially stirred up by the Kremlin ( Wall Street ) and the Red Army ( Pentagon ) egged on by the West Germans ( East Germans ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Retrace your steps a few yards on the Via Di Santa Sabina and turn right on the Via Di [FILTERED] , a street lined with stately homes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since they commonly translate thoughts and feelings into deeds , hands naturally represent action , and since nearly half the characters in Great Expectations are of the underworld or closely allied to it , the linking of hands with crime or violence is not to be wondered at . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
He'll still be a top player , they concede , because he's got a great glove and the long ball going for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The house was modern , large , on five acres . (Filtered Words: 0)
The answer is a cryptographic secret . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their singing was well-balanced , clear and , within obvious limitations , extremely pleasing . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was in good health and spirits , but still determined to get the money from Forbes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I would say depressed , not impressed '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was at that party that , finally overcoming my timidity , inspired by tales only half-understood and overheard among older boys , I asked [FILTERED] to spend New Year's Eve with me . (Filtered Words: 1)
This time she submitted and in a few days was going good . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , I'll tell you about that '' , Lord told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , the new authority of $3,825 million proposed for missile procurement ( excluding research and construction ) in 1961 is $581 million higher than for 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The people visited were glad to have a government with heart enough to take an interest in their misery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everybody but [FILTERED] seemed to think it was charming when they called , `` Bifutek-san '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
and to them it will seem insignificant that it is proposed to defeat such causes non-violently . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was supposed to be in court this afternoon , at City Hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
not push-ups but stand-ups (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , perhaps , [FILTERED] is vulnerable , for he does not always use the best and most recent evidence available , and he sometimes selects and interprets the evidence in rather special ways . (Filtered Words: 1)
Let's get out of here '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the boycott would not be secondary , but a primary one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their meditations were approaching a violent cusp that would shape Martian art for many millennia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever pole of this contrast one emphasizes and whatever the tension between these two approaches to understanding the artistic imagination , it will be readily seen that they are not mutually exclusive , that they belong together . (Filtered Words: 0)
All through Albany and [FILTERED] counties , other men were doing the same . (Filtered Words: 1)
Within their confines , moreover , technological and industrial growth has proceeded at an accelerated pace , thus increasing the cornucopia from which material wants can be satisfied . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was copious in his praise of those that served food that was good to eat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interlocking signals are normally at stop or `` red '' position , and a lever must be pulled to `` clear '' the signal . (Filtered Words: 0)
the hotel-motel demarcation is becoming harder to find every year . (Filtered Words: 0)
His legs pumped furiously , his long black hair streamed out behind him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why not '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( D ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Varlaam is loud , rowdy , uninhibited in his pleasures and impatient with anyone who is not the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case it is by no means clear that formally structured organs of participation are what is called for at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Planning of vocational education programs and courses is oriented to local employer needs for trained workers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pace could now be accelerated , for the inhabitants of the Aegean stood on firm ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
Roberta glanced at him and stopped trembling . (Filtered Words: 0)
We can escape from such a difficulty by ruling out the animal as not constituting a trial , but such a solution is not always satisfactory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , he decided he was unfair to the young man and should make an effort to understand and sympathize with his point of view . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington , Feb. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
There were two front rooms , both dark behind their transoms , and there was no sound or light in the entire house to indicate that any of the occupants were awake . (Filtered Words: 0)
then he would bark to let everyone know the coast was clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] wrote The Holy Sinner in 1951 . (Filtered Words: 1)
To secure precise measurements of these frequencies , a research program in free radical microwave spectroscopy has been started . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] cracked loudly under her feet ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
His feet still hung over the stern of the transom , but as he reached for the smoke he raised them to swing them in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the visitors arriving every now and then there were , of course , women . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not between Euripides and [FILTERED] that the western mind turns away from the ancient tragic sense of life . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pilots would steer them in a suicide dive into the water , striking below the waterline of individual ships . (Filtered Words: 0)
For Christ's sake ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
moreover , it is increasingly difficult to distinguish between the two . (Filtered Words: 0)
They close sometime after eight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now he broke them open , hoping a good meal might lessen this depression crushing [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
There are a half dozen reasons helping to account for the migration to the campgrounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
The College also publishes each year The Report Of The Treasurer and a monthly newsletter entitled Carleton College Comments . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in any event , I submit that the power to depose belongs to Congress , not to this Court . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a few school districts one finds a link between school and job . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the main point here is that even if such a restatement were not possible , the demand to demythologize the kerygma would still be unavoidable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religious activities (Filtered Words: 0)
All-weather roads must be provided next to the feeding floor so access will be possible all year . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are the result of a constant and careful contest with the elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why , to brush your teeth '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Laurel is gone , my men are gone , [FILTERED] is dead -- and you come to me , to help me . (Filtered Words: 1)
We usually run a social note when somebody moves away '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Respect for personality is a privilege and a duty for us as brothers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next , the hen was nested and all seemed well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Atomic energy levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two in the bed knew each other as old people know the partners with whom they have shared the same bed for many years , and they needed to say no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
But have we not gone overboard in stressing their significance ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll never forget one time I struck out three times , dropped a fly ball , and we lost the game . (Filtered Words: 0)
Coffee is made from the roasted and ground seeds of the coffee tree . (Filtered Words: 0)
For , granting that there are great present-day problems to be solved , these problems make great demands ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As of Sunday night , there was no word of a resolution being offered there to rescind the action . (Filtered Words: 0)
When would the oyabun like to bring his guests up here '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We can let them move in with us '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s face was dark , blunt , and sulky . (Filtered Words: 1)
Few students are really so faceless in the not-so-lonely crowd of the swelling population in our institutions of higher learning . (Filtered Words: 0)
to weave seams together : (Filtered Words: 0)
Install your disappearing stair ( or stairs ) to the attic and finish your overhead ducts before you drywall the ceiling . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a short course in Communese . (Filtered Words: 0)
The incomplete antibody activity appeared in the early part of the chromatogram ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There is nothing remarkable about this at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
But now she looked ugly . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. John 4 : 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Japan did something to a man -- and it wasn't just Japan , either , because the same thing applied anywhere overseas . (Filtered Words: 0)
The performance also marked the debut of a most promising young conductor , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` That's my boy '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She softly let herself into the bed , and took her regular side , away from the door , where she slept better because [FILTERED] was between her and the invader . (Filtered Words: 1)
It appears that an Orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an outing sponsored by one of the Jewish service groups because she would not travel on Saturday and , in addition , required kosher food . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fat man winced . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fellowship by likeness '' and `` mission by friendly contact '' form the iron cage of denominational religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
There his vote , along with those of Chairman [FILTERED] , the courtly Virginia judge , and the four Republican members , could and often did produce a 6-6 deadlock that blocked far-out , Democratic-sponsored welfare legislation ( a tactic often acceptable to the Rayburn-Johnson congressional leadership to avoid embarrassing votes ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Third , the upper portion deals with only two indicators of developmental level , Onset and Completion . (Filtered Words: 0)
With our current $3 per hundred tax rate , it is safe to assume that this will qualify when you suggest a community should `` try to develop a modest industrial plant '' as the best way to meet these problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As a writer , by what have I been obsessed these last ten years , if not by mankind ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] told the Trustees that the death of Miss [FILTERED] was `` the sorest grief '' the [FILTERED] had ever been called upon to bear . (Filtered Words: 3)
That is , maybe not too much of a lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
Section 8-b-2 of the Small Business Act , as amended , authorizes the SBA to make a complete inventory of the productive facilities of small business concerns . (Filtered Words: 0)
The colonial period has generally left people believing that government can , if it wishes , provide all manner of services for them -- and that with independence free men do not have to work to realize the benefits of modern life . (Filtered Words: 0)
How we travel through the forest is for each man's conscience . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for the ladies , they were full of charm , and sincerity , and deep and abiding affection for this hurrying driving , honest , little man . (Filtered Words: 0)
It should be noted , however , that the paraxial resolution is quite similar for both electron optical systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
While [FILTERED] cited the anticipated increase in school costs in answer to a direct question from a taxpayer , the impact upon a school system does not have to be measured only in increased taxes to find alarm in uncontrolled growth . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is low when the thyroid is overactive and high when the gland is sluggish . (Filtered Words: 0)
Slowly she moved up the Hooghli River , a mouth of the mighty Ganges , toward Calcutta . (Filtered Words: 0)
( For instance , see Example 2 of Section 5-5 , on red cards in hands of 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
His counterpoint is pertinent , skillful , and rarely thick . (Filtered Words: 0)
There the bus turned right along the Bosphorus , past ocean liners at anchor , to Galata Bridge over the entrance to the Golden Horn , a brown sweep of water that empties into the Bosphorus . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were Oneida Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the circumstances , the only protection for the relatively small manufacturers is to engage in exactly the kind of conspiracy with the giants for which the latter were convicted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
and somewhat similarly for plants , 16 as against 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Left alone while her husband was miles away in the city , the modern wife assumed more and more duties normally reserved for the male . (Filtered Words: 0)
Man is not confined to one outlet for his vital energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
With quibs and gibes , the policemen again started digging . (Filtered Words: 0)
Approved September 22 , 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
One cannot assume , of course , that all these accumulated meanings were inherent in the stereotype at the beginning of the therapy , or at any one time later on when the stereotype was uttered ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Decanting old wine aerates it fully ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Pauling looked at his notes . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was surprised and sorry to find in your issue of March 4 a long and detailed attack upon a book that had not yet been published . (Filtered Words: 0)
Circumstances gave her almost undisputed sway over child-rearing , money-handling and home maintenance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the matter with them '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is bluntly frank in his personal opinions . (Filtered Words: 1)
Again it was used as the title for the hoss wrangler , and when the order was given to go out and `` rustle the hosses '' , it meant for 'im to go out and herd 'em in . (Filtered Words: 0)
How useful will it be to the public ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You are welcome to Eromonga . (Filtered Words: 0)
He unhitched his horse , walked it away , mounted , and spurred it on . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , I am reliably given to understand , the technical argot for those who engage in your particular branch of the boost ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The freight car was cold , early in the morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Field Marshal Slim is striking in description , amusing in many anecdotes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nobody likes snakes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can't go in . (Filtered Words: 0)
These microfossils indicate the swamp was `` formed during the Lower Cretaceous period when dinosaurs were at their heyday and when the first flowering plants were just appearing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much information has been gathered relative to quantitative sampling and assesment techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jazz , like sex , is a mystique . (Filtered Words: 0)
But now the dream was over . (Filtered Words: 0)
North and south , east and west , back and forth he sailed in the land-locked bay , plowing furiously forward until land appeared , then turning to repeat the process , day after day , week after week . (Filtered Words: 0)
H'all should have let me do it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feverishly , he tried to brush away this intuition . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was less to see , but [FILTERED] took him in , too , just to keep the records straight . (Filtered Words: 1)
In total , these increases in operating costs outweigh the savings that result from declining programs and from economy measures , such as reduced numbers of units and installations , smaller inventories of major equipment , and improvements in the supply and distribution systems of the Armed Forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had better stay there , [FILTERED] thought ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
There were four principal ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
269 F. 2d 613 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , I guess I know enough to turn you inside out , you sockdologizing old mantrap '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The logical scheme used to accomplish the former influences the placement of information in the dictionary file . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we have to we'll take him apart and see what he's made of '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
often tempted to ask questions but he never did . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , settled lost . (Filtered Words: 1)
The word `` mimesis '' ( `` imitation '' ) is usually associated with [FILTERED] and Aristotle . (Filtered Words: 1)
The same can be said about the half-hearted Cuban invasion mounted by the administration last April , which , we trust , is not symptomatic of the methods to be invoked in holding off the felonious Khrushchev . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than 2000 copies have been sent out to prospective clients . (Filtered Words: 0)
Following him in varying degrees of scepticism were T.W. Shore , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
I need someone to go out and find out what's happening '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is obviously a young man's poem , written out of books and not out of experience ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The fossilized remains of many of these trees are found embedded in the clay . (Filtered Words: 0)
P.S. . (Filtered Words: 0)
The shadows of the trees engulfed her , foreclosing every possible exit from the grove . (Filtered Words: 0)
These machines are designed to provide higher operating speeds , larger yarn packages , and greater flexibility of application to different types of yarn . (Filtered Words: 0)
but a Jewish heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concern of Utopia is with the optimo reipublicae statu , the best ordering of a civil society ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But whereas civilized men no longer pursue the fountain , they never abandoned their pursuit of the enchanting index . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] could never be satisfied by surface . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fifteen hundred names were selected in this fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the treatment of bacterial scours , feed 100-200 grams . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , Mr. [FILTERED] found nothing but confusion in Washington . (Filtered Words: 1)
A gentleman of the old school , Mr. [FILTERED] possessed intellectual power , ample means , and withal , was a devoted Christian . (Filtered Words: 1)
Oak Park , Aug. 8 (Filtered Words: 0)
He had to go into the water . (Filtered Words: 0)
In San Francisco he has worked with [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and other `` swinging '' musicians of secure reputation , thus placing himself within established jazz traditions , in addition to being a part of the San Francisco `` School '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
He scratched his mosquito-plagued neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bellboy unlocked a white door numbered 1105 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the collage that made the terms of this dilemma clear : the representational could be restored and preserved only on the flat and literal surface now that illusion and representation had become , for the first time , mutually exclusive alternatives . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then [FILTERED] , submarine-ball hurler , entered the contest and only five batters needed to face him before there existed a 3-to-3 deadlock . (Filtered Words: 1)
The countryside looked like a beautiful open park with gentle slopes and soft gray tree-clumps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , many a creativity-oriented aspirant for a career in architecture , drama , or journalism , resigns himself to a real estate business ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Root and stem tumors from sweet clover plants infected with WTV were quick-frozen in liquid nitrogen , embedded in ice , and cut at 3 - 6 **ym in a cryostat maintained at -16-degrees to -20-degrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a kind of justice , too , that it should originate in London's Royal Albert Hall , where , traditionally , the loudest , if not the greatest , performers have entertained the thousands it will accommodate ( RCA Victor LM 2454 , $4.98 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , detergents are used . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could be some kind of trick Budd had thought up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brewers today use corn , rice , and malted barley . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was kneeling to tie his shoelaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the beginning of his career , Patchen has adopted an anti-intellectual approach to poetry . (Filtered Words: 0)
The baby can have an early nap . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of our aid will go to those nearing self-sufficiency (Filtered Words: 0)
or to Lancaster , Pa. , the center of the Pennsylvania Dutch country ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The criterion score used in the statistical analysis is an index of over- or under-achievement . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where's the Lieut '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The only thing unusual about the Old Man had long since happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] banged his fist on the keyboard , ruining the letter . (Filtered Words: 1)
he studied the pistol exhibition that Hurrays featured as an added attraction . (Filtered Words: 0)
) `` I hope if you have any ideas along these lines you will write me about them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bonjour , messieurs , vous etes matinals '' , she greeted them pleasantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lifting her skirts , she climbed in , never relinquishing her grip on his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took advantage of the antagonism between aggressive assertiveness and anxiety and found a relatively rapid disappearance of anxiety when the former attitude was established . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only trouble was that he himself was tied up on the school job . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pattern for circular base piece B is diameter of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the recent political campaign two charges were leveled affecting the question of power , and I think we might begin by trying to put them into proper focus . (Filtered Words: 0)
Incidentally , only two did it before a home audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
He smiled and stuck a large finger with white hairs sprouting on it into his ear as though that might help . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only the independent art schools , that is , those not connected with any university or college , receive severe and separate investigation before accreditation by the various regional organizations . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a general boycott might still be a blunt or indiscriminating instrument , and therefore of questionable justification . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sat quietly watching the manager come nearer . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was mother who planted the verbenas . (Filtered Words: 0)
He never knew just what woke him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 53-year-old Shea , a prominent corporation lawyer with a sports background , is generally recognized as the man most responsible for the imminent return of a National League club to New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Daddy's books are out of bounds his own picture books are not . (Filtered Words: 0)
imperfectly developed in type 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
An average national figure for two to three years of treatment would be $650 to $1,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There sit men who make moving averages of weekly volume , monthly averages of price-earnings ratios , ratios of the number of advances to the number of declines , ratios of an individual stock's performance to overall market performance , ratios of rising price volume to falling price volume , odd-lot indices , and what not . (Filtered Words: 0)
In its defensive formulations , the theory will attack conscious change on the grounds of the independent existence of the community . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You take it easy , boy '' , [FILTERED] whispered . (Filtered Words: 1)
The New York Metropolitan Opera Company will be here in May , and the board will sponsor the Saturday night , May 13 , performance of `` Turandot '' as a benefit . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , treasurer ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The Institute is engaged in an extensive program of medico-military scientific research in both morphological and experimental pathology . (Filtered Words: 0)
My object , rather , is to alert you to an aspect or two of the affair that could have the gravest implications for you , far beyond the legal sanctions society might inflict . (Filtered Words: 0)
Supporting elements in asw operations (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I feel confident the stock will qualify for the ' national list ' '' , he said , meaning its market price would be quoted regularly in newspapers all over the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit -- when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands -- two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the [FILTERED]'s `` ideas '' were dream-ridden , vaguely imparted , and at times preposterous . (Filtered Words: 1)
and she would snatch the finger-held half of the radish out to where she could inspect it . (Filtered Words: 0)
So Prokofieff was able to cultivate his musical talents and harvest a rich reward from them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll make out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wagner replied , `` Can't you just see the headline : ' City Hooked for $172,000 ' '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had it . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I thought I'd smooth things over through [FILTERED] '' , [FILTERED] said miserably . (Filtered Words: 2)
I said with round eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the universal list as his weapon , Swadesh has extended his march of conquest farther and farther into the past , eight , ten , twelve millennia back . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was payday for Highlands , and he was packing a lot of money back into the oil fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- As an aid in reducing incidence and severity of bloat , provide 75 milligrams of oxytetracycline hydrochloride per animal daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And I don't know why you want to go on wearing that outfit '' , she said , making a face . (Filtered Words: 0)
how clearly he saw the cultural defection of experimentation as an escape for those who dare not or prefer not to face the discipline of modern traditionalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
this final reminder of his guilt is the fatal one . (Filtered Words: 0)
the objective of this chapter is to clarify the distinctions between spontaneity theory and other training concepts . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe that these proposals , however meritorious in terms of world needs , go far beyond our capacity to realize them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The change in perceptions by some of the Kohnstamm-negative subjects , after they had been informed of the possibilities of normal reactions , suggests that their constriction and guardedness is associated with their general mode of responding to strange or unknown situations . (Filtered Words: 0)
These areas are thought to represent the nuclei . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the Cardinals heed Manager [FILTERED] of the Phillies , they won't be misled by the Pirates' slower start this season . (Filtered Words: 1)
One example of this was his assertion that `` all servile revolts must be dealt with by physical force '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tiles were fired once to cone 05 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly it is not necessary to repeat that the United States has no intention of interfering in the internal affairs of any nation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The men were huddled in those lairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The round minarets , tall and graceful , rise from rectangular bases and have three platforms from which the muezzin can chant his call to prayer . (Filtered Words: 0)
improvise cha-chas on the harp ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
E . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to the heart and aorta , successful measurements of liver and spleen have also been made by this technique . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , it is essential that the various mathematical symbols used in the equations be understood so that the mathematical processes can be done properly and in their correct order . (Filtered Words: 0)
The number of dictionary forms skipped since the last one matched is also saved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you hear the anger of the whip's whine '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the famous [FILTERED] case , a suit was brought against the union by the Loewe Company for monopolistic practices , e.g. , trying to persuade consumers not to purchase the product of the struck manufacturer . (Filtered Words: 1)
We were paid off Tuesday morning and given tickets back to New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
i.e. , high loop gain causes the system to respond to horizontal components of accelerations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Large , long-range bombers can be developed which would have the capability to take off from 3,000-foot runways , but they would require more powerful engines than we have today . (Filtered Words: 0)
This he claimed was the favorite refrain of the English . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cold , mysterious presence of God was all around him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Are you , Cromwell '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Isn't that where most of them are already -- right out on the front page of our newspapers ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was just me and [FILTERED] getting drunk together like we used to in the old days , and me staring at her across the table crazy to get my hands on her partly because I wanted to wring her neck because she was so ornery but mostly because she was so wonderful to touch . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` And from now on , for the rest of this trip , I will only drink what you agree that I should drink '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no dispute involving fieldwork . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the real beginnings of this development in him go back to the opposing of grammar school , and probably if it had not been this occasion and these Latin lines it would have been some others , such as the first prolusion , that set off this streak in him of unbridled and scathing verbal attack on an enemy . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , two other differences in the two types of sections must be noted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a fine broody hen , white , with a maternal eye and a striking abundance of feathers in the under region of the abdomen . (Filtered Words: 0)
This chain bridge proved less durable than the wooden arch on the Salisbury end . (Filtered Words: 0)
They know the value of being just that -- an ordinary , happy family . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mystery -- that was the thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The choice is yours : God is in your hands , now . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
A letter of a few days later from Washington's aide to [FILTERED] stated , `` His Excellency is highly pleased with your conduct upon this occasion '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
We first show that the function is single-valued in some neighborhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a way out of this . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Better do a Papanicolaou '' , I told [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The President helped her a lot by selecting some lovely colored dresses to get her started . (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic mapping (Filtered Words: 0)
During the summer , Negroes began quietly patronizing previously segregated restaurants and lunch counters in downtown retail establishments . (Filtered Words: 0)
they form two aspects of heavenly life after death . (Filtered Words: 0)
Earthquakes originate as far as 400 miles below the surface , but they do not occur at greater depths . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here P represents the value of the stream in state P and Q the cost of operating the stage with conditions Q . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was there , in the course of trying to prepare new men for the `` culture shock '' they might encounter in remote overseas posts , that he first began to develop a system of charting the `` norms of human communication '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
To bring warmth to the dining area , golden orange tones are used in the fabrics . (Filtered Words: 0)
By 1853 , the new partnership announced the precision vernier caliper as the first fruit of their joint efforts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bears took the lead in the first inning , as they did in Sunday's opener , and never lagged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Net income may reach $12.7 billion , up $1 billion from 1960 and the highest since 1953 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The meter is mounted high on the basement wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Footnotes : (Filtered Words: 0)
Grover also would require junior-senior high teachers to have at least 24 semester hours credit in the subject they are teaching . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he had been `` liquidated '' in some way , he would have become a martyr , a rallying point for people who shared his ideas . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` One thing we haven't discussed , expense money . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mural around the wall depicted early settlers in covered wagons , who appeared much more animated than the gamblers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Armed Forces Medical Publication Agency (Filtered Words: 0)
The nude was small and black-haired and elfin , and was called `` Eloise '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dealers' stocks down (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps it was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then Meltzer's voice , quiet , calm , strong , started the Kaddish , the prayer for the dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
another reports that a cellular polypropylene , primarily for use in wire coating applications , is being investigated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suppose -- just suppose this guy was really what he said he was ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a three-month journey in the dead of winter followed by three months of labor on [FILTERED] boats . (Filtered Words: 1)
The nature of the new birth (Filtered Words: 0)
Aces ( ones ) with three dice . (Filtered Words: 0)
she unquestionably assumed that the more he was entwined with [FILTERED] , the more likely he was to reward [FILTERED] richly upon his death . (Filtered Words: 2)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he remembered . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is to say rather , I believe , that he has brought to bear on the history , the traditions , and the lore of his region a critical , skeptical mind -- the same mind which has made of him an inveterate experimenter in literary form and technique . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They eat chickens sometimes '' , the boy said . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the range and variety of characters who , in their literary lives , get along all right with life styles one never imagined possible , there is an implicit lesson in differentiation . (Filtered Words: 0)
So we ran away '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I heard a cry from a stoker as a pillar of flame leaped from a hatch and tongued the man's bare back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Erected on the site of pagan temples and three previous St. Sophias , the first of which was begun by [FILTERED] , this fourth church was started by Justinian in 532 and completed twenty years later . (Filtered Words: 1)
And all this too shall pass away : it came to him out of some dim corner of memory from a church service when he was a boy -- yes , in a white church with a thin spur steeple in the patriarchal Hudson Valley , where a feeling of plenitude was normal in those English-Dutch manors with their well-fed squires . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hear me out , please '' , [FILTERED] begged . (Filtered Words: 1)
The body continued to lash , but now [FILTERED] used the legs of the chair to fork the loathsome , bloody mass out of the bungalow . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You've told God , Frank '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Discussion . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 cup chili sauce 1/3 cup water 1 tablespoon barbecue sauce 2 teaspoons prepared mustard 1/2 pound chipped , spiced ham 6 sandwich buns , heated (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And for that he needs a little bag '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Once again , he shook his head , kept his face expressionless and his voice very calm , and had a strongly supported alibi ready . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a while she said with sort of an unuttered laugh , `` You have snow in your hair and ears '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I thought I dreamed of wolves fighting '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knelt down at his bed as long as he could kneel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Economic information is made available to businessmen and economists promptly through the monthly Survey Of Current Business and its weekly supplement . (Filtered Words: 0)
What a patchwork of proclamations and renunciations ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter that the Katanga operation is strategically insane in terms of Western interests in Africa . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was right . (Filtered Words: 0)
This Association , organized in 1920 , is affiliated with the Athletic Federation of College Women . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , impassioned founder of the festival and director of `` Much Ado '' , had a vibrant , colorful production under way . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Right now you need a meal and a bath . (Filtered Words: 0)
An over-all concept would have other advantages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Print it in real big letters , an' I can cipher it out later '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But certainly the New Frontier has brought to Washington a group more varied in background and interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
I tried to believe that what must have happened was that , restless , disturbed by this telephone call or whatever , she walked out in the night , as she had a habit of doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a frenzy of excitement , he considered his plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the blonde's yearnings that he satisfied was for travel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Currency : (Filtered Words: 0)
What does he think a remark like this `` lousy '' one does to our prestige and morale ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind were privies , for there was no sewage system . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you mean to tell us '' , a reporter asked , `` that the King has twenty-one children , twenty-five of whom are sons '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His contemporaries in Massachusetts called him an arch-heretic , a beast , a miscreant , a proud and pestilent seducer , a prodigious minter of exorbitant novelties . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not that it matters to me , being this far along '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly it is not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Water interest is one of the most valuable factors you can find for a recreation site . (Filtered Words: 0)
Folklore is individually created art that a homogeneous group of people preserve , vary and recreate through oral transmission . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here would be a powerful force for raising business activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Hughes concern then took `` shortcuts '' on the project but got paid anyway , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
You want to sit down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plane radios were not yet available , and once in the air , Fogg flew his ship by compass , a good memory for landmarks as seen from above , and a capacity for dead reckoning and quick computation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , the period after 1870 receives little attention and that quite superficial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Said he : `` We will see whether whites and Negroes are treated the same around here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
our elders stayed in the dark house or sat fanning on the front porch . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Her account was later confirmed by the Scobee-Frazier Expedition from the University of Manitoba in 1951 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The courthouse was a white-stucco building minus the customary dome . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guests were juniors in the public high schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meats (Filtered Words: 0)
She clearly agreed that this had been the case . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He is wrong to inject [FILTERED] into this campaign '' , he said , `` because the primary is being waged on state issues and I will not be forced into re-arguing an old national campaign '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He relinquished her hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could talk to you for three hours and still not be able to give you all of our plans '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Unit prices to the state are considerably lower than to the general public because of quantity purchases and no payment of state sales or federal excise taxes . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- What does 1961 offer in political and governmental developments in Mississippi ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The superb intellectual and spiritual vitality of [FILTERED] was never more evident than in his letters . (Filtered Words: 1)
The secondary consequences from this could be very serious and must be taken into consideration in planning for defense . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would be particularly displeased with the State Department if it were the source of such reports . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he spread out the last list on the counter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfriendly political groups will no doubt do everything in their power to promote active hostility . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was the most distinguished of several noted architects who helped design it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Procurement , research , and construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mickie had a pleasant glow as he said , `` You see , both of them , I mean the President and [FILTERED] , are romantics . (Filtered Words: 1)
Helion also hoped that America's mastery of technology and industrial efficiency would be accompanied by the production of new and beautiful art works . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was about that time , a board member said later , that Dr. [FILTERED] , Jr. , State superintendent of schools , told Dr. [FILTERED] and a number of other education officials that he would not talk to them with a recording machine sitting in front of him . (Filtered Words: 2)
-- Dynafac in a complete ration or 0.3 to 0.4 gram per head per day ( 200 grams of premix per ton complete ration or equivalent . (Filtered Words: 0)
What I have to put up with ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Tone and intonation often become seriously intermeshed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others assisting (Filtered Words: 0)
How did I get to be sixty-five so fast ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The statistics hardly indicated that the Pirates needed extra batting practice , but [FILTERED] also turned his men loose at Busch Stadium yesterday . (Filtered Words: 1)
Good luck , fellow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Helva's hum then had a curious vibrancy , a warm , dulcet quality even in its aimless chromatic wanderings . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , conductor and musical director of the San Francisco Symphony , will fulfill two more guest conducting engagements in Europe before returning home to open the symphony's Golden Anniversary season , it was announced . (Filtered Words: 1)
A few drops of rain just before midnight , when [FILTERED] was in the midst of her first number , scattered the more timid members of the audience briefly , but at this hour and with [FILTERED] on the stand , most of the listeners didn't care whether they got wet . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Key '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But thus far there has been no response in kind . (Filtered Words: 0)
The day was brilliant around her -- flower-scented , crisp with breeze -- yet her inner turmoil darkened it . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was also a lesson , one that has served ever since to keep Americans , in their conflicts with one another , from turning from the ballot to the bullet . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary : `` I strolled among the Alabamans on the right , found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe , their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now forget all this other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not Pedersen's kid neither . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even `` America's most efficient builder '' , [FILTERED] of Berea , hopes to cut his labor costs another $2,000 per house as a result of the time-&-motion studies now being completed on his operation by industrial efficiency engineers from the Stanley Works . (Filtered Words: 1)
Be our guest ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Standard preparations and units of thyroid-stimulating activity (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet with all this knowledge I had nothing of substance to unravel our case , as you would call it , till yesterday . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` On each side of the Hoogli , where we are now sailing , are the [FILTERED] cottages , as thick together as the houses in our seaports . (Filtered Words: 1)
They echo the words with which he has described his own vision of the dying child who `` trembles and begs for mercy -- and there is no mercy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Correspondence passed back and forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had an idea that Myra loved it . (Filtered Words: 1)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guerrillas were racing toward him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , impulses still exist among the ruling elite to rationalize and thus to perpetuate the need for centralized and authoritarian practices . (Filtered Words: 0)
The connective system , or network , is tailored to meet the requirements of the objective , and it is therefore not surprising that a military body acting as a single coordinated unit has a different communication network than a factory , a college , or a rural village . (Filtered Words: 0)
Available , on request , from U.S. Department of Agriculture , Washington 25 , D.C. , are : Cooperative Farm Credit Can Assist In Rural Development ( Circular No. 44 ) , and The Cooperative Farm Credit System ( Circular No. 36-A ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eight years ago while we were going through the mud-sweat-and-tears construction period , we were each solaced by the vision of early morning dips and evening home-comings to a cool family collected around the pool with a buffet table laid out nearby for the lord and master's delectation . (Filtered Words: 0)
On January 24 [FILTERED] , accompanied by [FILTERED] , was met by [FILTERED] and Colonel [FILTERED] , former Police Chief of Farmington , Conn. , and now head of U.N. special police . (Filtered Words: 4)
The unit of form is determined subjectively : `` the Heart , by the way of the Breath , to the Line '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt them . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White Citizens' Councils in the entire state of Mississippi against every local Philco dealer in that state , in protest against a Philco-sponsored program over a national TV network on which was presented a drama showing , it seemed , a `` high yellow gal '' smooching with a white man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe her ravenous eating wasn't grotesque because she was so positive about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was , however , fortunate in his contact with Prof. [FILTERED] ( 1769-1842 ) , teacher of chemistry , who , in addition to his academic chair , was also proprietor of the `` Lion Pharmacy '' in Copenhagen where Oersted assisted him . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was going to make it , he told himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The highroad , one might say at first , belongs to life , while the way to the churchyard belongs to death . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Warm enough to swim -- real Indian summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's so quiet '' , he said , `` so slow , serene -- and so challenging '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The son of a railway stationmaster , [FILTERED] lived most of his childhood in the drowsy Danubian town of Tulln , 14 miles northwest of Vienna . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the age of ten , when he was working as a newsboy in the Loop , he was knocked down by a streetcar which resulted in his permanently shortened leg . (Filtered Words: 0)
He walked straight up to the man sitting on the ground and bent over to look at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Compulsory retirement at sixty-five looms on our horizon . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1914 , the Clayton Act attempted to take labor out from under the anti-trust legislation by stating that human labor was not to be considered a commodity . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is power with which we can literally rebuild the world , provide adequate housing , food , education , abundant living for everyone everywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet a murderer ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Twice a month the editorial staff meets in New York for an early supper , then a long evening of idea-exchange . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we couldn't really get along without it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Right '' , said the fingerprint man . (Filtered Words: 0)
He jumped up and turned around to see the metal door closing . (Filtered Words: 0)
At Cypress Gardens special bleachers are set up for photographers at water-ski shows and lovely models pose for pictures in garden settings . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The powerful New York Yankees won their 19th world series in a 5-game romp over outclassed Cincinnati , crushing the Reds in a humiliating 13-5 barrage Monday in the loosely played finale . (Filtered Words: 0)
The coachman said softly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following summary , based on Figures 5 and 6 , is an example of one way of interpreting the 42 figures constructed from onset ages and completion ages of individual children with respect to the appropriate mean age for each growth center . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You'll stay right here '' , commanded [FILTERED] , covering Red with his rifle . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rather erotically he listened to the bath water running ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All the dogs would dash to get on the elevator with the President and go to the dining room . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a society dominated by middle-class values and working in an institution which transmits and strengthens these social values , it is clear that the educational profession must work for the values which are characteristic of the society . (Filtered Words: 0)
For discouragement , or the temptation to abandon our efforts , `` would show that one placed excessive trust in purely human means without thinking of the omnipotence of God , the irresistible efficacy of prayer , the action of Christ or the power of the Divine Spirit '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The very idea of there being `` count rules '' implies that there is some sort of proportion to be expected between the amount of congestive activity and the extent of the breakaway ( run up or run down ) movement . (Filtered Words: 0)
But his prime interest , apart from music , he insisted seriously , was his family -- his wife , daughter and son . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sighed and pulled the wet sweatshirt over his head . (Filtered Words: 1)
I tested it in my scoped S & W and it was good enough to allow me to hit a chuck with every shot at 100 yards if I did my part by holding the handgun steadily . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Blessed Saint Nicholas , I thank thee for getting me out of that mess and sending me up instead of down when I was bewildered . (Filtered Words: 0)
And a very young one , Swan Necklace , tried to emulate them and followed timidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Typically , in a lower-middle class Jewish family , a son will be sent to an out-of-town school , if financial resources warrant it , while the daughter will attend the local college . (Filtered Words: 0)
establish and operate necessary facilities and test sites at which to carry on the continuous research , testing , development , and programing necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Act ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Several samples of citrated plasma were fractionated in our laboratory by Method 6 of Cohn et al . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm sure they were in the garage up until a couple of days ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gallium content , however , has been enhanced five-fold . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his analysis , however , he touches upon but fails to explore an idea , generally neglected in discussions of the book , which I believe is central to its art -- the importance of human hands as a recurring feature of the narrative . (Filtered Words: 0)
Papa , I should emphasize , had been an invalid the last several years of his life ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On the anniversary of her father's death she poured out with agonized tears her feelings of guilt about not having attended his funeral . (Filtered Words: 0)
I drove out of the Harbor , turned off into a dirt road among the scrub pine trees and stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still I didn't think she was twotiming me with Precious right then . (Filtered Words: 0)
But as you can also see , it's not a painful exercise at all , because [FILTERED] -- the `` happy '' bodybuilder -- looks as though he were having the time of his life ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Actively modernizing societies (Filtered Words: 0)
On January 28 , 1835 , [FILTERED] removed [FILTERED] from office and elevated Territorial Secretary [FILTERED] to the position . (Filtered Words: 3)
[FILTERED] looked at his watch . (Filtered Words: 1)
Georgia's Department of Agriculture is intensifying its fire ant eradication program in an effort to stay ahead of the fast-spreading pest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strong too , up on his legs when he was an hour old . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] doesn't call a special session in 1961 , it will be the first year in the last decade that the Legislature has not met in regular or special session . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was afraid to look for fear the evil might still be going on . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , by starting the Peace Corps now we will be able to begin training young men and women for overseas duty this summer with the objective of placing them in overseas positions by late fall . (Filtered Words: 0)
On their frequent hikes into the nearby mountains , the children carry whole grains to munch along the trail . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was my fault '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His dark brows , which had been lowered in anger , smoothed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's okay . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't see them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two features are immediately evident . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] bites were eased by applying liquid bluing . (Filtered Words: 1)
however , he will have a clearer understanding of what he is doing and the chances are he will be more successful if he understands the few formulas that apply to rodding . (Filtered Words: 0)
The farmlands forming the heart of America stretch out across the Midwest from Chicago . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Aaa-ee ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The university was the only one in Denmark and the status of professor represented the upper social level . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moore said , `` Come on , [FILTERED] , I have to get to my men '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
When she awoke , she was the ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boatel has a similar meaning to yachtel . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The trouble with you '' , old man [FILTERED] began , and then checked himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the next moment , it seemed , the infield was crowded with spectators , ballplayers , cops , kids and a dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
The corporation has a limited , specific place in our society . (Filtered Words: 0)
On January 4 , with the boys back at school and college , Mrs. [FILTERED] wrote Harcourt to say that she was `` through , quite through '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nature (Filtered Words: 0)
Looking back I saw a gray-haired man getting out of his halted car and trying to read our license number . (Filtered Words: 0)
At what stage are social sciences then ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone had heard of the American contractor who had spurned an escort . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wooded stream valleys in the folds of earth would be saved . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Eleanor Roosevelt Tractor Committee acts on behalf of the Cuban freedom fighters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wind from the [FILTERED] was damp and chill , necessitating a fire for warmth . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I know you ain't '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Taxation of tangible movable property in Rhode Island has been generally of a `` hands off '' nature due possibly to several reasons : ( 1 ) local assessors , in the main , are not well paid and have inadequate office staffs , ( 2 ) the numerous categories of this component of personal property make locating extremely difficult , and ( 3 ) the inexperience of the majority of assessors in evaluating this type of property . (Filtered Words: 0)
When combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least embodied in a material substratum , it becomes clear that while earth will be dross on a scale of material-formal ratios , celestial bodies will be of a subtle , quickened , ethereal existence , in whose embodiment pure form will be the dominant component and matter will be absent or remain subsidiary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] gave the slow movement some of the quality of a [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
So I got out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lines came out neatly and in good balance . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could go to the police . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sporting firearms change , markedly for the better . (Filtered Words: 0)
The discovery struck Nick like a blow . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lab to check . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew in that moment that I did not have any choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some disappeared with the attainment of their purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
the protection of forage , timber , and wildlife resources from fire , insects , and disease ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
So an objective look at our present procedures may move us to consider seriously this possibly analogous situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who loved her . (Filtered Words: 0)
We perform elaborate international exhortations and ceremonies with virtually no understanding of social cause and effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then she rounded on Weston and cried , `` You always did [FILTERED]'s dirty work ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
There is little evidence that they are giving any systematic thought to a general theory of the optimum scope and nature of their part in government . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
His coat trimmed in sable , diamond stars of the Orders of Saints Andrew or George agleam , he was often prone to sit sulkily , eye downcast , in a Scheherazade trance . (Filtered Words: 0)
When these fields are surveyed together , important patterns of relationship emerge indicating a vast community of reciprocal influence , a continuity of thought and expression including many traditions , primarily literary , religious , and philosophical , but frequently including contact with the fine arts and even , to some extent , with science . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the leveling operation can be maintained and controlled remotely with no mechanical or optical contact with the platform . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their mid-thirties . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the others will swallow their $.50 to $3 charge rather than lose a good customer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The excitement over Brandon's bizarre death abated and Madame [FILTERED]'s stock soared when she resumed her self-imposed chores of visiting the poor and bringing cakes and comfort to destitute patients in the county hospital . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Remember to tell that to the next corpse you meet '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the hero of this work by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] is a chap embittered by more than the lack of beer during a jam session . (Filtered Words: 2)
Mr. [FILTERED] said that he had consulted several Superior Court justices in the last week and received opinions favoring both procedures . (Filtered Words: 1)
Section 7 is designed to arrest in its incipiency not only the substantial lessening of competition from the acquisition by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation , but also to arrest in their incipiency restraints or monopolies in a relevant market which , as a reasonable probability , appear at the time of suit likely to result from the acquisition by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The general , remarkably courteous , explanation has left basic positions unchanged , but there has been no explosion in the council . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is secondarily a believing and worshiping fellowship . (Filtered Words: 0)
He apologized so sweetly , I couldn't keep being annoyed with him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was even more startled when he heard what [FILTERED] wanted . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] investigator last summer and now it's Inspector Jed . (Filtered Words: 1)
When a gesture accompanies who's he ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We have the technology today with which to build aircraft shelters which could withstand at least 200 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
That way they have an infirmary for $400 . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , after the sitting has been held , several readings at one time are mailed , and the distant sitter ( whose name or whose communicator's name was given to the medium ) must mark each little item as Correct ( Hit ) , Incorrect ( Miss ) , Doubtful , or Especially Significant ( applying to him and , he feels , not to anyone else ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was built by the [FILTERED] , and stands on the acre of ground that adjoins our property . (Filtered Words: 1)
His investigations made him the Paul Revere of accidental war , and safety procedures were enormously increased . (Filtered Words: 0)
He lived at 6124 [FILTERED]. . (Filtered Words: 1)
Krim came to believe that `` the novel as a form had outlived its vital meaning '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What a spectacle he was , caked with dirt and sweat and blood , filthy as a pig and naked as an Indian , kissing the finest , the sweetest , the bravest , and absolutely the prettiest girl in this whole wonderful world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shell people were schooled to examine every aspect of a problem or situation before making a prognosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
An old man with a white beard and dressed in a long shabby coat , baggy trousers , and a black skullcap greeted us . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , that's all right '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Committeemen , hold your fire ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It was her job to stand at the foot of the stairs , and , just as the First Lady stepped off the last tread , Mama would straighten out her long train before she marched to the Blue Room to greet her guests with the President . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first program was sponsored by Abraham & Strauss , Hempstead , New York , under the direction of Special Events director [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The New York Shakespeare Festival , which is using the Wollman Memorial Skating Rink while its theatre near the Belvedere is being completed , began bravely . (Filtered Words: 0)
The major studios maintain a cadre of film librarians and research specialists who look to this matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
He helped [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] enlarge the flower garden in the side yard , where they sometimes sat in the still evenings watching the last fat bees working against the summer's purple dusk . (Filtered Words: 2)
The Sequoia Grove presents another unique aspect of Yosemite , for these ancient giant trees are a sight never to be forgotten . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the first scene begins to fade , the succeeding scene begins to appear . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , not now '' , said the teacher . (Filtered Words: 0)
This results in a separate record being made , distinguishing these trades from the overall volume of trading . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Please '' , she said , `` please '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One , more horrible than the rest , lunged , growling deep in his throat , his hair bristling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Discussion (Filtered Words: 0)
Offenses multiply (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] brightened up like a candle . (Filtered Words: 1)
She did not pause to consider what she would do if her plan should fail ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sixty-five years and you've had it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
These are (Filtered Words: 0)
At times , three ships a day from the Soviet bloc are unloading in Cuban ports . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the rate of projection ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
American Catholics have responded generously to bishops' and pastors' appeals for the support necessary to create parochial schools but they have not contributed in a similar fashion to the establishment of institutions of higher learning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without careful qualification this can be misleading . (Filtered Words: 0)
Backbends (Filtered Words: 0)
hot-colored verbenas in the corner between the dining-room wall and the side porch , where we passed on our way to the pump with the half-gourd tied to it as a cup by my grandmother for our childish pleasure in drinking from it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] after graduation from Brown University and two years of graduate study , accepted a position at the Harvard Observatory . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is no such magic in man-made laws . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then they went down to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It'll be a pleasure for you to return this money to Colcord and tell him about it , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You must have some security '' , said a young clerk . (Filtered Words: 0)
I thought I saw a faint surge of color rise to her neck and quickly suffuse her cheeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
The colonel crouched tensely on one of the folding chairs , methodically tearing at his thumbnail . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were placed either in the middle of the acts or in the intermissions . (Filtered Words: 0)
With his head erect , he approached , not glancing at us , and passed by with his clear eyes raised and fixed straight ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of the corner of his eye , he watched his wingman move out a bit and shoot up with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inventories increased $625,561 to $8,313,514 during the year and should decline in coming months . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though he would later be resurrected , he was at this moment dead indeed , the expression on his face reflecting what he had gone through on the cross . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are many who predict that should [FILTERED] decide to call the Legislature back into special session , it will really throw his administration into a scramble . (Filtered Words: 1)
Just a few centuries ago the world of spirits was as populous and real as the world of material entities . (Filtered Words: 0)
F . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , one of them would have to go and do this ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw that in a moment she had grasped all the implications of a plot which had been weeks in occurring to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I worked on the Schuylkill Expressway and if it had not been for the big trucks carrying rock and concrete there wouldn't be an Expressway . (Filtered Words: 0)
All this is great proceedings -- get the minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wet cleaning involves an aqueous medium , a solid substrate , soil to be removed , and the detergent or surface-active material . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter two are half-brothers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her thoughts were not discrete . (Filtered Words: 0)
The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life , where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform , therefore , to the principle of economic integration . (Filtered Words: 0)
The data for boy 34 appear in Figure 3 , and for girl 2 in Figure 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] pours measures of whole wheat , oats , and soy beans and turns on the motor . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] backed off two steps , forcing him to come on again . (Filtered Words: 1)
This was accordingly done , and the plight of the grateful Mrs. [FILTERED] was much relieved as a result of the generous loan , the amount of which is not known . (Filtered Words: 1)
And Grey's Northumberland background was close to [FILTERED]'s own . (Filtered Words: 1)
The place is Camusfearna , the site of a long-vanished sea-village opposite the isle of Skye . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several at the King [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
One might , indeed , argue that the history of ideas , in so far as it includes the literatures , must center on characterizations of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in fashioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when the singing began , it was the Gouldings who sang the old Irish songs the best . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let him become honest , and they discard him . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' , `` Puttin' On The Ritz '' , `` How Long Has This Been Going On ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Short shorts on the campus (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of today's developments in thermoforming stem from original work done with signs and displays ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Another growth factor is increased consumer demand for better quality and larger quantities of fabrics that go with a rising standard of living . (Filtered Words: 0)
Assassination , even of a tyrant , is repulsive to men of good conscience . (Filtered Words: 0)
One can assume that some of the brightest boys are out of town . (Filtered Words: 0)
nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the need for the B-70 as a strategic weapon system is doubtful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here would be a powerful force for raising business activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new work was a boon to the partnership , not only for its own value but particularly for the stimulation it provided to the imagination of J. R. Brown toward yet further developments for production equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Factory operations are in Columbus , Ga. . (Filtered Words: 0)
See , he's already snapping it up , the dumb jerk . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the matter '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether the Fathers , who died before Christ was born of the Virgin Mary , were justified and saved only by the blood which he shed , and the death which he suffered after his incarnation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In recent years , we have come increasingly to recognize that ideas have a history and that not the least important chapters of this history have to do with thematic or conceptual aspects of literature and the arts , although these aspects should be studied in conjunction with the history of philosophy , of religion , and of the sciences . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] points out that since our country is more urbanized than the Soviet Union or Red China , it is the most vulnerable of the great powers -- Europe of course must be written off out of hand . (Filtered Words: 1)
Didn't you read it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Expect their own production volume , and presumably sales , to jump 30 percent in 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' , and `` Too Marvelous For Words '' ( all with [FILTERED] ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The light at that time is a benediction . (Filtered Words: 0)
We concluded that we may refer workers to the fieldwork ( but not the packing shed work ) provided we give them written notice of the packing shed dispute . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1927 he succeeded [FILTERED] as opera director of the German Theater at Prague . (Filtered Words: 1)
But neither was Lilian her baptismal name . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adult education courses , work-study programs of various sorts -- these are all evidence of a continuing interest of the schools in furthering educational opportunities for out-of-school youth . (Filtered Words: 0)
a new post-World War 2 , record . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fans of the musical were , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is often a means of locking the quill and , on larger presses , the table can be tilted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mary presented quite a different problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Going , he saw as often before some queer , hideous yellow face over his head , shining and weird like the old images which had invested him at other times like those that appear sometimes near the eyeballs when they are perhaps pressed by the thumbs . (Filtered Words: 0)
One manufacturer who held an allegedly basic patent said : `` I would readily put over $50,000 into the manufacture of the device , but it is so easy to make that we would enter immediately into a prolonged ordeal of patent litigation which would eat up all our profits '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She topped the sextet brilliantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The music surged up , but it failed to check it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Text reading continues with the next occurrence . (Filtered Words: 0)
elasticity of macromolecular networks (Filtered Words: 0)
Belt tension is adjusted by manipulation of two locking bolts and a movable motor mount . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The week will end with the Rev. Mr. [FILTERED] preaching on `` The Marriage Altar '' at 7:30 p.m. Sunday , May 14 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The codes are mechanism for training in , and directing and enforcing , uniform social interaction , and for continually and publicly reasserting the solidarity of the group . (Filtered Words: 0)
His wife , [FILTERED] , `` as gay as a lark and as lively as a gazelle '' , -- she was then seventy-six , -- had `` a sense of humour that has been denied S.K. , but neither has any aesthetic perceptions . (Filtered Words: 1)
Labor relations (Filtered Words: 0)
The data for the first day indicate a meteor stream with a very high concentration of particles and may have led to the high estimates of micrometeorite flux . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both man and wife should be aware of the fact that a lack of climax , and even the absence of the anticipated keen pleasure are not a sign that the wife may be cold or frigid . (Filtered Words: 0)
The answer the authors give to it , therefore , is of supreme importance . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a confused , soaked and stumbling shift of bodies and lifting arms , the two men were dragged into the same skiff . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , admit or not , [FILTERED] was helpless . (Filtered Words: 1)
Such fascinating novelties in the score as the fugual treatment of `` On The Side Of The Angels '' and `` Politics And Poker '' were handled splendidly , and I thought [FILTERED] and his band of tuneful ward-heelers made `` Little Tin Box '' even better than it was done by the New York cast ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
he had helped fight an oil-well fire that raged six days and nights . (Filtered Words: 0)
spice is a fact of life in the U.S.A. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes there weren't even any seats . (Filtered Words: 0)
automatic rifle , according to Capt. [FILTERED] , chief of [FILTERED] detectives . (Filtered Words: 2)
When she had drained the last of the bottle and paid her bill , she came directly to my table and said : (Filtered Words: 0)
With the Discours de la methode and the Principia the things undreamt of in Horatio's philosophy seem to pass from the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have not yet succeeded in establishing recognition of technical specialization comparable to our higher levels of management , but I believe we will trend in this direction but not to exceed vice-president '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When prepositional complements are divided as in what are you looking for ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , when the case went to the jury , the judge excused one of the jurors , saying the juror had told him he had been accosted by masked men at his motel the night before the trial opened . (Filtered Words: 0)
And where is `` home '' , that magic place of the heart ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
On May 11 , she reached Iceland . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Are your people still alive '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We want to stimulate ideas from the bottom to the top of the Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
A rabbit punch redoubled him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I never gave that boy a cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
There should be better bus service and all of our city departments and their various branches need a general and complete overhauling . (Filtered Words: 0)
it made her blister . (Filtered Words: 0)
My , you look chipper '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The apostle Paul said the same thing in the language and faith of the New Testament : `` He that spared not His own Son , but delivered Him up for us all , how shall He not with Him freely give us all things ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] listened . (Filtered Words: 1)
The resolution capabilities of an electrostatic system depend on both the choice of magnification and chromatic aberrations . (Filtered Words: 0)
We stand more in awe of one another than most people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the inner functions of religion are not of direct significance in social organization , they have important indirect consequences . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had grown up with young [FILTERED] , and he had heard that they had been at the point of getting married at least twice . (Filtered Words: 1)
Winslow had musical talents , as had his father before him . (Filtered Words: 0)
What I did know was that Precious was always around . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were becoming confused . (Filtered Words: 0)
I waited a few minutes and she sat up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rankin sneered at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Will you drop the anchor '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A young man was killed and two others injured at midnight Friday when the car they were riding slid into a utility pole on Lake Avenue near Waddell Street , NE , police said . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a nation we can successfully pursue these objectives only from a position of broadly based strength . (Filtered Words: 0)
Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Midwest (Filtered Words: 0)
Since he had gross income of $600 or more , he must file a return in which he may claim an exemption deduction of $600 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the latter cases an additional treatment of the DEAE-cellulose-treated Af with 50 mg of sweet clover stem tissue powder further improved the specificity . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've had enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh you're joking . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Targo is a good outfit for fun shooting or for economic wing-shooting practice , but it's tougher than it looks to run up a score on the clay birds . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It wouldn't matter to my father , and not to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That ain't your name , Mister '' , the boy accused . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is very much a matter of building the foundations of community . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] agreed . (Filtered Words: 1)
He could use your clothes for a costume and a heavy veil for a mask . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ideas are the thruway to nowhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Providence Daily Journal , however , stated that [FILTERED]'s courage , bravery , and heroism `` in a good cause would make a man a martyr ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Royal lineages could be based on extraordinary worldly achievements translated into eternal otherworldly power . (Filtered Words: 0)
this was merely a ritual , to please all hands concerned . (Filtered Words: 0)
So if a green stud makes a carpenter or a drywall finisher or anybody else waste even 20 seconds , the green stud becomes more expensive than a dry stud . (Filtered Words: 0)
The relatively few communities that have educational stations have found them of considerable value . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm going back to school '' , she answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
There still remained the need for one great film artist to explore the full potential of the new form and to make it an art . (Filtered Words: 0)
It'll be a lot better if you come clean '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A good many beef-hungry settlers were accepting the death of [FILTERED] as proof that the warning notes were not idle threats . (Filtered Words: 1)
This explained a great deal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The family is largely broken up ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As usual , he made no attempt to get in touch with [FILTERED] , the Manhattan leader . (Filtered Words: 1)
But you realize , I am sure , how much old deeds incite to new ones , and you must forgive me if I tell you first of the old ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
If guilty , the offender might be excluded from membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , too , the utmost clinical flexibility is necessary in judiciously combining carefully timed family-oriented home visits , single and group office interviews , and appropriate telephone follow-up calls , if the worker is to be genuinely accessible and if the predicted unhealthy outcome is to be actually averted in accordance with the principles of preventive intervention . (Filtered Words: 0)
They bore down on him . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it was getting bigger rapidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
They interviewed the conductor of the streetcar [FILTERED] said he had taken , but the man did not remember [FILTERED] as a passenger . (Filtered Words: 2)
But because science is based on mathematics doesn't mean that a hot rodder must necessarily be a mathematician . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is nothing more than a dash . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , of course , you know not to take clippings '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under equilibrium cutting conditions , the chip exerts a force Af against the coating and an equal opposite force Af against the knife in the plane of the substrate as shown in Fig. 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Residential building consists of houses , apartments , hotels , dormitories and other buildings designed for shelter . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Overt socialism means government ownership and management of a nation's main industries . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is Mars , isn't it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's a church you should see '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Skorich was considered the logical choice after the club gave [FILTERED] permission to seek the head coaching job with the Minnesota Vikings , the newest National Football League entry . (Filtered Words: 1)
The subjects for this study were randomly selected from stratified areas of the distribution , one-third as underachievers , one-third medium , and one-third over-achievers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the outstanding members of the Hearst cabinet whom he successfully opposed for a time were the great Arthur Brisbane , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Colonel [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
Processing urethanes (Filtered Words: 0)
Fifteen years ago , troubled by the rising tide of materialism in the post-war world , a businessman and a minister asked themselves if there might not be a place for a small magazine in which men and women , regardless of creed or color , could set forth boldly their religious convictions and bear witness to the power of faith to solve the endless problems of living . (Filtered Words: 0)
One prediction had been made about the difference in security or self-confidence between those subjects who shifted their Kohnstamm reactivity when informed and those who did not . (Filtered Words: 0)
The machine is equipped with a pipe for injecting live steam that is capable of raising the temperature of water at an eight-inch level from 110-degrees to 140-degrees-F ( 38*0 to 60*0C. ) in less than two minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turning quickly toward Elaine , Nick saw that she , too , stood in shocked surprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
He held the controls where they had been . (Filtered Words: 0)
A dear , respected friend of mine , who like myself grew up in the South and has spent many years in New England , said to me not long ago : `` I can't forgive New England for rejecting all complicity '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Somebody's got to be a preacher in the family . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mixing head moves back and forth slowly across the width of the receptacle . (Filtered Words: 0)
For further information , contact the Bank for Cooperatives serving the region , or the Farm Credit Administration , Research and Information Division , Washington 25 , D.C. . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bars were marked as [FILTERED] had marked them in a small black book kept in a nearly secret drawer . (Filtered Words: 1)
Because Christianity teaches not only salvation in history , but salvation by the history of Christ , such an interpretation of death would require a drastic revision of the Christian understanding of the work of Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
The preceding observations make it clear that there exist line involutions of all orders greater than 1 with no complex of invariant lines and with a complex of singular lines consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It included the top O'Banion men and Chief of Detectives [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Previously , FN actions were used for the larger cartridges . (Filtered Words: 0)
An analysis of the election falls naturally in four parts . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] Butterwyn ( Scotch Victor-Butler Wyn ) , a light bay filly , knows nothing but trot and has worked on the half-mile in 2:30-:36 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The basic objectives in each instance are to make available supplies of food during the intervals between harvesting or slaughter , to minimize losses resulting from the action of microorganisms and insects , and to make it possible to transport foods from the area of harvest or production to areas of consumption . (Filtered Words: 0)
A freshman girl's father not too long ago called a dean at Brooklyn College and demanded the `` low-down '' on a boy who was going out with his daughter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Segovia has written about [FILTERED] : (Filtered Words: 1)
But the final scenes could not be played . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the captain , so he could ask questions like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be a colossal shame to throw away a story like this . (Filtered Words: 0)
For he had just remembered : tonight they were having their first guests . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And now '' , said Tilghman with deadly calm , `` I'll repeat what I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
It appears , then , that although the matter is not dealt with in section 381(c) , a successor corporation in a reorganization of a type specified in section 381(a) is entitled to sue for refund of taxes paid by a transferor corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stage is constantly full of them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Our key salesmen are in appliances and cosmetics '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second grand prize of $5,000 went to Mrs. [FILTERED] for her Hawaiian coffee ring , a rich yeast bread with coconut filling and vanilla glaze . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recreation facilities (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout , there were marked arteriolosclerosis and hyalinization of afferent glomerular arterioles . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may not be responsible '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We began by declaring that all men are created equal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The terrible blow of the New Year put an end to that project . (Filtered Words: 0)
un off the Congo track (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the basic question to be asked in this situation is what motivates the manipulators , that is , what are their values ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In a small way this is illustrated by the nineteenth-century novelist who argued for the powerful influence of literature as a teacher of society and who illustrated this with the way a girl learned to meet her lover , how to behave , how to think about this new experience , how to exercise restraint . (Filtered Words: 0)
So in closing , fellow retired members , I advise you to make the most of each day , enjoy each one to the n'th degree . (Filtered Words: 0)
But then the so-called coffee was bad enough at best , cold it was all but undrinkable -- especially that cup ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The concept remains subjective . (Filtered Words: 0)
Top job : research scientist (Filtered Words: 0)
Because , like many other children , he intensely disliked practicing Czerny Etudes , he composed his own studies . (Filtered Words: 0)
We put a light mulch over the seedlings ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Greek and Elizabethan life and , to a certain extent , the life of [FILTERED] shared this character of intense `` publicity '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Havana , April 19 . (Filtered Words: 0)
sales should slightly exceed 1960 , however , and reach $1.9 billion . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there's no denying that the easiest and most economical way to get year-'round whole-house air conditioning is when you build . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Chickasaws were the principal source of trouble in the Mobile district . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nadine was always too good to live in a little house like this ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But Palmer knew , as did everybody else at Augusta , that his streak was about to be broken . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ironically no president we have had would have regretted more than President [FILTERED] the possibility to which his own words , in the press conference held at the beginning of August , testified : that unable as he was himself to say his running was best for the country , unconsciously he had placed his party before his nation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Their amplitude sometimes is as little as two feet from trough to crest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Personal financial assistance would enable more emphasis to be placed on the interests of the individual . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did he know something that made him feel sad and sorry for her ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It's never wrong if love is real '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We turn now to the set of tangent points on the graph . (Filtered Words: 0)
The accomplishment of the many tasks I have alluded to requires the continuous strengthening of the spiritual , intellectual , and economic sinews of American life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The elementary-school child grows gradually in his ability to work in groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
I used a Homemaster Routo-Jig made by Porter Cable for this job . (Filtered Words: 0)
New organs of unification proliferated in the decade following the conclusion of the NATO alliance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The warning system immediately went into action . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is that elemental . (Filtered Words: 0)
He began sweating . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stimulus from the confrontation of philosophical systems involving certain differences was undeniable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Urge them to write out their questions for the box . (Filtered Words: 0)
More and more of the colonials were wearing their own hair and not using powder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our Northern brethren also I believe felt a little tender under those censures ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When this experiment is viewed as composed of five binomial trials , one for each member of the family , the outcomes of the trials are obviously not independent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A real ' nothing ' torso '' , says [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` [FILTERED] is too good a man to shoot in the back . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Widow , nice sort of woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
The relative geographical isolation of the [FILTERED] population makes for a limited choice in mating . (Filtered Words: 1)
One cannot but wonder whether these doubts about the success of Khrushchev's agricultural policy have not at least something to do with one of the big surprises provided by this Congress -- the obsessive harping on the crimes and misdeeds of the `` anti-party group '' -- Molotov , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and others -- including the eighty-year-old [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to the many appearances of these organizations throughout the college year , there are concerts by students of the music department , by members of the music faculty , and by visiting artists . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a significant advance but its import should not be exaggerated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the most artistically successful of the nonfiction films have invariably borrowed the narrative form from the fiction feature . (Filtered Words: 0)
( In the heat of the anti-Colmer drive last week , Judge [FILTERED] threatened reprisal against [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Ninety per cent of the 153 recorded impacts occurred between midnight and noon , and from day to day the variation of the rate was as much as an order of magnitude . (Filtered Words: 0)
Industry costs (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of them had seen Our American Cousin before , and unless [FILTERED] was on stage , there was not much to it . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] has released a nice two-record album which he made . (Filtered Words: 1)
they include harmonies and conflicts within the whole man , and mechanisms whereby inner components are more or less smoothly met . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A journey '' , `` a little white house '' , `` a change of outlook '' , can apply to many people . (Filtered Words: 0)
They have pulled out all my teeth and now she will carve out my tongue with her hacksaw ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They were wearing nothing but their scratches . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most that was accomplished was adding Mrs. [FILTERED]'s tray to the dish pile , and by means of repeated threats , on an ascending scale , seeing that the girls dressed themselves , after a fashion . (Filtered Words: 1)
Reefs are left high and dry , and the beaches are covered with stranded fish . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a sound like the one you produce by flicking a watermelon with your finger , only louder , and Pops fell forward from the waist and then over sidewise . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cylinder's compression ratio is computed by comparing the cylinder's volume , or its displacement , with the total volume of the cylinder and its combustion chamber . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just put yourself in Felix's place for a moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twice previously the Senate has approved measures backing ETV and the House has let them die . (Filtered Words: 0)
This does not mean that philosophy resolves the problems it generates , any more so than [FILTERED]'s geometry settled the physical status of the space-time continuum . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is for this reason that [FILTERED] avoids selecting subjects that require specific recognition of place for their enjoyment . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now that's not regulation , is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Soviet news agency TASS datelined from New York in English to Europe : (Filtered Words: 0)
Now that this is at odds with our meaning may be shown as follows . (Filtered Words: 0)
The early Southwest Conference football leaders -- Texas , Arkansas and Texas A & M -- made a big dent in the statistics last week . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without comparing the relative merits of the two courses -- architecture versus interior design -- let us examine the educational needs of the interior designer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The reason for this '' , the orders said , `` is that the enemy may think to take advantage of the celebration of this day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rep. [FILTERED] of Connecticut has brought this problem to the attention of the Armed Services Committee . (Filtered Words: 1)
One doctor prescribed a tablespoon of whiskey or brandy before each meal for leg cramps . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was taught '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Mr. [FILTERED] had become convinced that a personal confrontation with Mr. [FILTERED] might be the only way to prevent catastrophe . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] do you ever get homesick ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , the writer decided to hold one experimental section of the functional preparation for marriage course in the spring semester of 1960 exclusively for persons already married -- that is , prerequisite : `` marriage '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
God placed Himself in men's hands when He sent Jesus Christ into the world as perfect God and perfect Man in one Being . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you mail A return or tax payment , you must place it in the mails in ample time to reach the district director on or before the due date . (Filtered Words: 0)
We shall find a formula for the probability of exactly X successes for given values of P and N . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cannot describe eclipses without entertaining some form of a three-body problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its massive contours are rooted in the simple need of man , since he is always incomplete , to complete himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Supermatic Trophy ( prices begin at less than $135 and depend on grade and optional features ) is a 12-gauge auto . (Filtered Words: 0)
We ran east for about half a mile before we turned back to the road , panting from the effort and soaked with sweat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ionizing radiation can cause the destruction of microorganisms and insects involved in food spoilage or , at lower doses , can inhibit their action . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part 1 in both volumes is labeled `` Introduction And Tables '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She shook her head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Home is where a man was born , reared , went to school and , most particularly , where grandma is . (Filtered Words: 0)
' intend to attend ' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All you have to do is ask '' , he retorted hopefully . (Filtered Words: 0)
An officer with a squad of men had been waiting on the bank . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ballet dancer : Protests , tears , and `` take what you want , [FILTERED] , I am a dancer , you are a poet , it is all beautiful '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The formal displacement of the geocentric principle far from being Copernicus' primary concern , was introduced only to resolve what seemed to him intolerable in orthodox astronomy , namely , the ' unphysical ' triplication of centric reference-points : one center from which the planet's distances were calculated , another around which planetary velocities were computed , and still a third center ( the earth ) from which the observations originated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Askington laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the Distilled Spirits Institute has long had a specific prohibition . (Filtered Words: 0)
I thought that was pretty humorous , but I didn't laugh . (Filtered Words: 0)
B (Filtered Words: 0)
3 , (Filtered Words: 0)
It is as empty as the word `` [FILTERED] '' would be when there was no enthusiasm behind it . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I seen a lot o' things in my time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Endeavor to get the notches as much alike as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
The taking of these steps involves tough internal policy decisions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note , however , that it is six inches shorter at the forward end . (Filtered Words: 0)
they can also be applied to opaque panels for use on cutouts , or they can be applied directly to painted bulletin faces . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know that one must act . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] announce the engagement of their daughter , Miss [FILTERED] , to Mr. [FILTERED] , son of Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , of Drexel Hill . (Filtered Words: 4)
Quakers , some from New England , had a larger share than their proportionate numerical strength would have warranted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All I know is that you were outside the bubbles last night , and you were the only sentient being who came in or out of our alarm web . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had thought that the suggestion of taking it himself would tip the colonel in the direction of serving his own order , but the slip of paper was folded and absently thrust into the colonel's belt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eugene put a spoonful of powdered coffee into his cup and then filled it with hot water . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is almost time for and calinda to begin '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually the patient breathes into a mouthpiece while walking a treadmill , standing still , or in some other medically significant position . (Filtered Words: 0)
All your wishful thinking won't change that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally he went into the bedroom and sat down to take off his shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Didn't they tell you what I wanted the p. a. system for '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Leona '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of today's developments in thermoforming stem from original work done with signs and displays ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the devices for tension management is preferential mating . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the same means he perceives this fact as having communicated itself to the audience ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite [FILTERED]'s report , Enver Pasha refuses to surrender his dream of a Turkish Blood Alliance ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Ambassador [FILTERED] reported from Moscow that the Soviet leader's mood was cocky and aggressive . (Filtered Words: 1)
Africans and Asians tend to consider not only missions but the local churches they have produced as centers and agents of Western culture and ideology if not of direct political propaganda . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strength began to zip up and down his chest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Use the terraces of the Capitol for a sidewalk cafe ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't see ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
No , that isn't quite fair . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was going to make it , he told himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this respect experience is broader and full of a richer variety of potential meanings than the mind of man or any of his arts or culture are capable of making clear and distinct . (Filtered Words: 0)
All payments authorized under Section 7 of this Title shall be disbursed from the proper fund , as the case may be , and all amounts covered into the Treasury to the credit of the aforesaid funds are hereby permanently appropriated for the making of the payments authorized by Section 7 of this Title . (Filtered Words: 0)
A final word . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is well-educated and refined , all wildcat and fur , and Union from the muzzle to the crupper '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But I believe if people were better informed on this question , most of them would oppose it also . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turn to the left , I think , for that number you gave me . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] grinned . (Filtered Words: 1)
If baby teeth are retained too long , the incoming second teeth may be prevented from emerging at the normal time or may have to erupt in the wrong place . (Filtered Words: 0)
And like [FILTERED] , who saw her sisters [FILTERED] and Amy involved in `` lovering '' before herself , Henrietta saw her sisters [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] drawn outside their family circle by the attraction of suitors , [FILTERED] by [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] by [FILTERED] , a young businessman who would write her romantic descriptions of his trips by steamboat down the Mississippi . (Filtered Words: 8)
One Republican senator told this correspondent that he was constantly being asked why he didn't attack the [FILTERED] administration on this score . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why should this be so ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The enormous plates which had held Mr. [FILTERED]'s four fried eggs and five strips of bacon were still stacked in the sink . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the fairly brief but hectic history of Florida , the developers of waterfront land have too often wound up with both their land and ours . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was not entitled to have the hearing officer's notes and report , especially since he failed to show any particular need for them and he did have a copy of the Department of Justice's recommendation to the appeal board . (Filtered Words: 1)
This effect can give rise to a blanket of micrometeorites around the Earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am certain that [FILTERED] will not fall into the same sad philosophy . (Filtered Words: 1)
So in these pages the term `` technology '' is used to include any and all means which could amplify , project , or augment man's control over himself and over other men . (Filtered Words: 0)
He nodded triumphantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to as many as received him he gave the power of becoming sons of God ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A head is a handy thing to have and I installed one under a removable section of the port bunk . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , we might provide limited assistance in such fields as education , essential transport , communications , and agricultural improvement despite the absence of acceptable country programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Care must be taken neither to confuse unity with uniformity nor God with our parochial ideas about him , but with these two qualifications , the statement stands . (Filtered Words: 0)
all day long the Caravan slowly made her way through the difficult passages . (Filtered Words: 0)
In type 3 , this general relationship is maintained peripherally but not centrally where the pulmonary vein follows a more independent path to the hilum as is the case throughout the lung in type 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its surface loses its bloom and submits to its wrinkles in ways less immediately obvious than the body does . (Filtered Words: 0)
what is new and compelling is that the West is now but one of several powerful civilizations , or `` systems '' , and that one or more of the others may pose a mortal danger to the West . (Filtered Words: 0)
And extra weight increases the risk of cancer , diabetes , artery disease and heart attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is an inwardness and a luster to old furniture ( look at that mahogany highboy behind you ) which has a provocative emanation , if I may say so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes I guessed it was because the rain squall had changed direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
He crouched there . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will continue to be important as a means of orientation to the Negro , seeking to become urbanized , as he tries to make adjustment to the urban life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The composite samples were normally collected over a 6-hr. period , but an occasional 24-hr. composite was made . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm supposed to care as much now as then , as much here as there , she realized , with a sigh . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked , taking him and [FILTERED] into the parlor where the shutters were closed against the afternoon sun . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was a time some years ago when local taxation by the cities and towns was sufficient to support their own operations and a part of the cost of the state government as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
The flowers will be huge . (Filtered Words: 0)
The husbands of these women and others I had met in Catatonia were distinguished only in that they were , to me at least , indistinguishable . (Filtered Words: 0)
With each vertex we associate certain numerical values , namely the set of positive differences in the parameter T between the vertex and its corresponding forward corner points . (Filtered Words: 0)
The finding that the concentration of one of these proteases is increased in thyroid glands from TSH-treated animals suggests that this protease may be active in vivo . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they express themselves it is incandescent hatred that shines forth , the rage of repudiation , the ecstasy of negation . (Filtered Words: 0)
As I was playing [FILTERED] , the picture was actually `` all mine '' , with nearly every scene built around me . (Filtered Words: 1)
This happens on the grocer's shelf or in your kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. John 3 : 3 , 5-7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vandiver opened his race for governor in 1958 with a battle in the Legislature against the issuance of $50 million worth of additional rural roads bonds proposed by then Gov. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He looked up and grinned . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , the unwed mothers expressed their frustration with males who did not indicate more explicitly `` what it is they really want from a girl so one can act accordingly '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hit the theme about dying to defend your country , and you were ready to do it right then , without a second thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Thank you '' , the German had said courteously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you think I might profitably study some of the history you do , perhaps two weeks behind you . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Also , that Mr. [FILTERED] was here . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You're in for trouble '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By Wednesday the landlord was still alive . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- You talk deep . (Filtered Words: 0)
Following each instruction period a piece of literature dealing with the topic should be handed each one for further reading during the week . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the next day -- Sunday . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a statement of costs per kilowatt-hour would ignore the fact that many of these costs are not a function of kilowatt-hour output ( or consumption ) of energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Nikita buys a small plot in some modest rural cemetery , everyone will understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
When her brother [FILTERED] became a student at Brown University in 1874 , she wrote him about a course in history he was taking under Professor [FILTERED] : `` What is Prof. [FILTERED]'s definition of civilization , and take the world through , is its progress ever onward , or does it retrograde at times ? ? (Filtered Words: 3)
Instinctively he exhaled through his nose then sucked in the air from the hose . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't you be afraid , Violet '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Section 6(j) of the Act , as we have held , does require the Department's recommendation to be placed in a registrant's file . (Filtered Words: 0)
Various factors in the setting can still be of great advantage in making the first intercourse a good rather than a bad memory for one or both . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now and again he murmured something that ended in a giggle . (Filtered Words: 0)
I stared at him for a long time . (Filtered Words: 0)
explanation of matching formula . (Filtered Words: 0)
He may also consider ideas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even if we marshal substantial agreement behind mandatory public education , we likely cannot expect that all the states will enact the legislation . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a battle on an average of once every three weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Faced seven cases (Filtered Words: 0)
The scientific debunking of the spirit world has been in a way too successful and too thorough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Af is instrumentally determined . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than 1,000 were said to have been arrested -- 100 of them Roman Catholic priests . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must become more expressive of his own desires , more demanding and less ' understanding ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So that's sculpture '' , commented Argiento wryly , when he had sluiced down the floor for a week , `` making mud pies '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Nassau , as in other systems , the long-range objective is to bring the maximum service of libraries to bear on the schools , and on adult education in general . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made a fool of you , Lester '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rosburg had started early in the day , and by the time Palmer and Player were on the course -- separated , as they were destined to be for the rest of the weekend , by about half an hour -- they could see on the numerous scoreboards spotted around the course that Rosburg , who ended with a 73 , was not having a good day . (Filtered Words: 0)
others were building . (Filtered Words: 0)
There seems to be no purpose in life that is sure -- no certain guiding principles to give stability . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sure , Ticonderoga went broke in the low-priced market bucking the Big Three . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a composer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great column from which the square takes its name was erected by the Emperor Marcus Aurelius . (Filtered Words: 0)
The diffusion is most pronounced and most likely to become fixed , however , in those who have had no or very minimal opportunities to develop the autonomy and initiative that could have been directed into constructive expression and so served as sources of developing self-certainty . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was in `` hysterical condition '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Get a bucket line going '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , the Peace Corps could be physically located in ICA's facilities and depend on the State Department and ICA for administrative support and , when needed , program assistance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Have you got enough blankets '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , and went out and cut his throat in the cave near Granny Day's swamp . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- 0.2 gram Dynafac per head daily ( 1 gram of premix per head daily ) for promoting growth , feed conversion , bloom , and full feed earlier . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Mother insisted , for it is seldom indeed that anyone remotely connected with the cinema is ever received in their exclusive midsts . (Filtered Words: 0)
One is tempted to say that , on the difference between the concepts of sovereignty in these two preambles , the worst war of the Nineteenth century was fought . (Filtered Words: 0)
He gave it a strong push , heard it slide , then tumble dryly into the hole . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' , he said , eagerly , beginning a kind of dance of excitement . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was decided to strip the whole area down to the bricks , and to replace the rough coats up to one inch thickness to agree with the older artists' preparation , with a mortar , one part slaked lime , three parts sand , to be put on in two layers . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in the wake of the new affluence and the new techniques of processing comes a new American interest in how what people eat affects their health . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within sixty days after the receipt of notice that the Export-Import Bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application the Department of Economic Affairs will indicate to the Export-Import Bank whether or not the Department of Economic Affairs has any objection to the proposed loan . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last essential to the beginner's gymnastic program is the somersault , or forward roll . (Filtered Words: 0)
Capital flows must be coordinated with national needs and planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
As usual , Mrs. [FILTERED] was standing in the midst of a confusion of cooking utensils . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] ambition , it appeared , was to carve out his name with bullets alongside those of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] had sworn he would stop him . (Filtered Words: 4)
It was a fair fight , the boy provoked it -- Big Charlie told me so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each specimen is at least 25 inches by 25 inches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Teachers who have been upward mobile probably see education as most valuable for their students if it serves students as it has served them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Proof . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thornburg patted his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know what I'm going to do with you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't feel any . (Filtered Words: 0)
The scheme , in theory , is an ingenious adaptation of European registration systems to the conditions of African life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a ragged edge to her voice now , as if she'd been crying . (Filtered Words: 0)
In seconds , [FILTERED] made his decision . (Filtered Words: 1)
establish and operate necessary facilities and test sites at which to carry on the continuous research , testing , development , and programing necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Act ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You drive on and circle back and pull up beside them parked there . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Isn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
she died on August sixth . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a small well in the top in which the fluid or paste to be tested is placed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't done it this time and he would never again hit anyone so hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had some amusing scandal about the [FILTERED] in the old days . (Filtered Words: 1)
But he still wanted to know why . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was only vaguely aware of the sluicing rain . (Filtered Words: 0)
His heart , he discovered , was pounding . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Laos government plea for help was made by Foreign Minister [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He went to the Hotel Mayflower and telegraphed [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Maple syrup is made by the children in the woods on the school grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , in spite of this , I , at present a man 31 years of age and a College Professor , have been recalled `` by direction of the President '' to report on November 25th to Fort Devens , Massachusetts , for another twelve months of Active Duty as an Sp 4 ( the equivalent of a PFC ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radio observations of Venus and Jupiter have already supplied unexpected experimental data on the physical conditions of these planets . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White Citizens' Councils in the entire state of Mississippi against every local Philco dealer in that state , in protest against a Philco-sponsored program over a national TV network on which was presented a drama showing , it seemed , a `` high yellow gal '' smooching with a white man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Historically re is the formative that is employed also in republic , and al is the common suffix . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Tillich as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wonder if one of you gentlemen could drive me back to town ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Incidentally , there was an [FILTERED] firing last night . (Filtered Words: 1)
He bit out the words . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several financial institutions , both banks and insurance companies , have been sounded out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bowie , Md. , March 17 (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , with staring eyes and lips drawn thin , [FILTERED] said to the young woman , `` You are ugly -- uglier than you used to be , and you were always very ugly . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is estimated that more than 600 stations ( of a total of 3,400 ) do a significant amount of programing for the Negro . (Filtered Words: 0)
Newspaper punditry was inspired to remind everyone that Judas , too , had been able to smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are two reasons why failure to come to grips with this demand could be fatal to the future of the Catholic university . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See panel , p. 166 , for a comparison . (Filtered Words: 0)
Article 5 , consultation (Filtered Words: 0)
Erikson has noted that , unless this trust developed early , the time ambivalence experienced , in varying degree and temporarily , by all adolescents ( as a result of their remembering the more immediate gratification of wants during childhood , while not yet having fully accepted the long-range planning required by adulthood ) may develop into a more permanent sense of time diffusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
by the same token , we reject any Soviet attempt to impose its system on us or other peoples by force or subversion . (Filtered Words: 0)
He does not know whether to look up or look aside , to put his hands in his pockets or to clench them at his side , to cross the street , or to continue on the same side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like hell ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Inside were all the things they thought she ought to know concerning the last illness , death , and burial of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The specificity of staining with Af was established as follows : Af specifically stained tumor sections but not sections of healthy sweet clover stems or of crown gall tumor tissue from sweet clover . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , only two men know what the formula is , Blake and '' -- He stopped and looked at Thor's body . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is the scaffolding for , Brassnose '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Interest has been shown for a number of years by local assessors in the possibility of taxing boats . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's a different hall-mark on them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many things need to be checked : (Filtered Words: 0)
I looked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clever light songs were overly coy , tragic songs a little too melodramatic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Skorich began his new job auspiciously today . (Filtered Words: 0)
They ran for three hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seafood (Filtered Words: 0)
The concept of labor as a special class is outmoded , and in the task confronting America as bastion of the free world , labor must learn to put the national interest first if it is itself to survive . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and his family moved to Plymouth . (Filtered Words: 1)
the onion was then fastened together with string and placed beneath a dripping eave . (Filtered Words: 0)
And Grey's Northumberland background was close to [FILTERED]'s own . (Filtered Words: 1)
The images themselves , like their counterparts in experience , are not neutral qualities to be surveyed dispassionately ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Invitations have been extended to some [FILTERED] dignitaries including Gov. and Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
He lived and breathed for the mining company . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somewhere in the city a big clock sounded twelve solemn notes -- midnight . (Filtered Words: 0)
that these products constituted a `` line of commerce '' within the meaning of the Clayton Act ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It cannot , however , be referred to by electronic switch commands , e.g. , ESN , BSN , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few weeks later the maps were being divided into squares and a position was described as being `` about lots 239 , 247 and 272 with pickets forward as far as 196 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before we get through he'll have the [FILTERED] hankerin' for our hair and our goods . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the character flying that thing had gone over San Clemente Island yesterday he would have had an eyeful . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If I am not to be Mrs. [FILTERED] then I am nothing '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The turret screw machine , now known as the [FILTERED] & Sharpe hand screw machine , takes its ancestry directly from Mr. [FILTERED]'s efforts to introduce equipment to simplify the manufacture of the sewing machine . (Filtered Words: 1)
Morgan immediately disposed his troops for action and found he had not long to wait . (Filtered Words: 0)
2-5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , you see , those who are not mentioned will not resent it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Clay '' , he said , `` where are we goin '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
then he realized he was hungry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moritz is listed on the Longhorn roster as a right halfback , the position at which he lettered on the 1956 team . (Filtered Words: 0)
the Yugoslav Claims Fund the sum of $17,000,000 being the amount paid by the Government of the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia pursuant to the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The ruddy complexion of the faces also brings comment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then [FILTERED] was simply grand as [FILTERED] , the distraught Republican Party district chieftain . (Filtered Words: 2)
'' 353 U. S. , at 607 . (Filtered Words: 0)
At low thicknesses a cutting ( or shearing ) phenomenon is often encountered . (Filtered Words: 0)
In some of the numbers the instrumental parts have even been recorded at different times and then later combined on the master tape to produce special effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This deal with the ace o' spades . (Filtered Words: 0)
A random address Af that lies within the X-region of memory mentioned earlier is computed from the i-th dictionary form . (Filtered Words: 0)
How can we have the wisdom to meet such a new and difficult challenge ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then she saw Ramey and her face was misshapen with bewilderment . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were stressed in the speeches of [FILTERED] when the first Council of Ministers was formed and again when the Istiqlal took a leading role in the second Council . (Filtered Words: 1)
Topography (Filtered Words: 0)
There are other organizations representing several of the denominational groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] `` Bugs '' Baer wrote to me just recently , `` Vic wanted to die in harness , with his head towards the wagon . (Filtered Words: 1)
It will determine the amount of money to be spent by the college and will certify this amount to the board of freeholders , which `` shall appropriate in the same manner as other appropriations are made by it the amount so certified and the amount shall be assessed , levied and collected in the same manner as moneys appropriated for other purposes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If I don't come out within half an hour ride back to town and bring out a posse '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , sir '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gradually , he realized that the pentagon of Angel elders had vanished , and that the ritual learning dance of the nursery had been broken up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moritz said Monday his leg feels fine and , as a result , he hopes to start practicing field goals this week . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once more he lifted Jess's gun from its holster , only this time he tossed it into the stall with the frightened buckskin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Related to , but distinguishable from , nationalism was the growth of democracy in one form or another . (Filtered Words: 0)
With eyes focused on the third congressional district , the historic Delta district , and Congressman [FILTERED] as the one most likely to go , the redistricting battle will put to a test the longstanding power which lawmakers from the Delta have held in the Legislature . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` As a writer , by what have I been obsessed these last ten years , if not by mankind ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Last year [FILTERED] arranged to sell $1,500,000 worth of Klees to the state of North Rhine-Westphalia , which will house them in a museum that is yet to be built . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Franck symphonic poem , `` Psyche '' , is a lush , sweet-sounding affair that was pleasant to encounter once again . (Filtered Words: 0)
He enjoyed the killing . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are situated in the midst of trees , which hang over them , and appear truly romantick . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am a sophomore at Mount Pleasant High School . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Here I think the role of the philosopher becomes apparent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , it was learned the State Highway Department is very near being ready to issue the first $30 million worth of highway reconstruction bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't insert your components into fixed openings , they may or may not fit ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] took to heart the advice given him by his legal mentor , [FILTERED] , to `` pursue the study of the law , rather than the gain of it '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
In my sights I watched him looming bigger and bigger . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was nearing the [FILTERED] house . (Filtered Words: 1)
I thought I knew . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , we will see how Sidney answered the charges , for while Sidney's essay was not specifically a reply to [FILTERED] , his arguments do support the new theater . (Filtered Words: 1)
The clearly identifiable enemy continued on as if no one else were around . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most beakers are graduated in cubic centimeters ( cc. ) , making it necessary to convert the result to cubic inches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Start on rapid transit (Filtered Words: 0)
We take leave of [FILTERED] as he gloats over [FILTERED]'s loss of fortune , extending his hand `` with a magnificently forgiving air '' and exhibiting `` the same fat five fingers '' , one of which he identifies with `` the finger of Providence '' and shakes at [FILTERED] in a canting imputation of the latter's `` ingratitoode '' and his own generosity as [FILTERED]'s `` earliest benefactor '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Rather , it is typical of the thousands of quacks who use phony therapeutic devices to fatten themselves on the miseries of hundreds of thousands of Americans by robbing them of millions of dollars and luring them away from legitimate , ethical medical treatment of serious diseases . (Filtered Words: 0)
Between individuals , this process is called bargaining . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every decision was made quickly on sound grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frame (Filtered Words: 0)
Often one floodlight high in a tree will provide all the light you need at much less expense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until now , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had been like an anagram which he could unscramble at his own pace and choosing . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Was she on friendly terms with other members of her family '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably no one needs to tell you that the way to stop all bloom is to let the blossoms go to seed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having volunteered that he was a man of about sixty , he bounded up the stairs and with each leap rendered the number less credible . (Filtered Words: 0)
It happened at the St. Patrick's Day party , a big affair for a regiment which had gone into battle for over three-quarters of a century to the strains of an Irish march . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his office , Mr. [FILTERED] replaced the phone slowly . (Filtered Words: 1)
He held out a moment longer , then his nerve gave under the pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Montgomery calls for a leader who will first put the West's own house in order . (Filtered Words: 0)
This room was like a prison . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
This signifies that **yc , the rake angle , is no longer a constant to zero film thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is probably our most original composer ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta , as every artist delights to do , wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and -- especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair -- into the relations of men and women : `` In their relations , she was the giver and he the receiver , nay the demander . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] , for God's sake , go away . (Filtered Words: 1)
After an unspeakable siege , lasting the better part of two months , it was announced that the studio `` owed '' the government a tax debt in excess of eight million dollars while I , who had always remained aloof from such iniquitous practices as paying taxes on the salary I had earned and the little I legally inherited as [FILTERED]' helpless relict , was `` stung '' with a personal bill of such astronomical proportions as to `` wipe out '' all but a fraction of my poor , hard-come-by savings . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] moved his arms , gesturing with an unfamiliar vigor and talking rapidly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Norma . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Catholics had the largest cemetery , near the Neversink River where Main Street ran south ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His best mile to date is 2:32.2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The name encouraged him , because he always felt that he could handle the Irish . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fountain had brimmed over , the cannon were wet , the soldiers' monument glistened . (Filtered Words: 0)
in other words , they were actually an organization of magicians . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could continue this way , hitting 106 and more in the Valley , [FILTERED] knew , into October . (Filtered Words: 1)
They bawled questions that were not answered in the uproar . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See Chapter 10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a light in Black's front room , but drawn curtains prevented any view of the interior . (Filtered Words: 0)
But again , there was danger that his lungs would suffer in the muggy Washington weather , and he had to return to the dry climate of the West to live and work . (Filtered Words: 0)
An advantage of being exposed to such specificity about an important and recurring feature of social reality is that it can be taken advantage of by the reader to examine covert as well as overt resonances within himself , resonances triggered by explicit symbols clustering around the central figure of the Jew . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are certain tax attributes of a corporation whose nature and effect might depend on the facts of the particular reorganization involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let Af where the maximization is over all admissible policies Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
We'd be in real trouble then . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , for the first time since his arrest , a glint of spirit lit Barco's eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
This tube could be adjusted in its axial direction by an electric drive to establish the required electrode spacing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Between the first meeting of Clerfayt and Lillian and this dismal denouement , Mr. [FILTERED] has laid down many pages of junior-philosophical discourse , some demure and rather fetching love-making , pleasant talk about some of the countryside and restaurants of Europe , and a modicum of automobile racing . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Gap looming before him -- the place where had confronted [FILTERED] on that day so many years ago -- was his exit from all that had meaning to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
He doesn't expect you until five '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] received 1,119 votes in Saturday's election , and [FILTERED] got 402 . (Filtered Words: 2)
There are three indexes , i.e. , an inorganic formula index , a mineralogical name index , and a name index to organic compounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
When something unexpected happened , one always asked for water if one were a woman , brandy if one were a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many other Protestant denominations preceded the Anglicans in such action . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a graduate of Portland University and the Northwestern College of Law . (Filtered Words: 0)
All 28 carbons of metabolite 1 ( ( a product of mild acid hydrolysis of 2 ) arise from Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] fulfilled his assignment with grace , then went beyond the required `` sufficient declaration '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ekstrohm never slept . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although economic and personal circumstances vary widely among those now choosing apartments , [FILTERED] , vice president of a hardware manufacturing company , pointed out recently that many apartment seekers seem to have one characteristic in common : a desire for greater convenience and freedom from the problems involved in maintaining a house . (Filtered Words: 1)
When he at last did go to his room , he couldn't sleep and instead paced up and down before his little image of Acala , thinking first of Charlotte's tale of the man at Ryusenji , then of his biwa and the invisible Pacific waters . (Filtered Words: 0)
To make it clearer he shifted to acting out , but with no change of manner , the killing of Rose Mallory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over the first five frames , [FILTERED] , the big righthander who figures to be in the middle of Oriole plans for a drive on the 1961 American League pennant , held the A's scoreless while yielding three scattered hits . (Filtered Words: 1)
Text reading continues with the next occurrence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The games were over , this was life . (Filtered Words: 0)
A contributing factor is the perspective , the uniform aesthetic distance which is maintained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charge lists 3 checks (Filtered Words: 0)
The telephone rang . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cursing himself for having ridden out the last few days without a rifle in his saddle boot , [FILTERED] drew his Colt and examined it briefly . (Filtered Words: 1)
This did not happen in counties of North Georgia , where the rivers run and make rich the bottom land . (Filtered Words: 0)
That and her death . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was nothing he could do but wait . (Filtered Words: 0)
Physical plant and equipment can be efficiently developed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had crashed on takeoff once before . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We're going to Marshal Woods's house . (Filtered Words: 0)
In talks with Mr. [FILTERED] last week in Washington , the Mayor apparently received the Bronx leader's assent to dropping Controller [FILTERED] , who lives in the Bronx , from this year's ticket . (Filtered Words: 2)
( However , there is little evidence that the late [FILTERED] was a Communist . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was one of the greatest Schubert-Beethoven-Mozart players of all time , and any commentary of his on this repertory is valuable . (Filtered Words: 1)
In brief , [FILTERED] played himself and not [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The ceremony ended with the laying of a wreath at the crypt of Pike in the House of the Temple . (Filtered Words: 0)
Practice helps you to get your timing down . (Filtered Words: 0)
for it prepares the way for the passage from life through death to life that is achieved in Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
The common belief was that there existed one moral order , which included everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then again , there's always that lovely old pastime of hooking or braiding rugs . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had a loving touch . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Maturity Chart for each sex demonstrates clearly that Onset is a phenomenon of infancy and early childhood whereas Completion is a phenomenon of the later portion of adolescence . (Filtered Words: 0)
It stood some fifty paces from the edge of the bank . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were in a field , in a tight , screeching turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
How was she to behave , [FILTERED] wondered . (Filtered Words: 1)
Most surprising of all , he has accomplished some prodigies in training for the production of words . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beyond it the gray road stretched a long , long way . (Filtered Words: 0)
two brothers , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , San Francisco ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Next , let us consider briefly the program and administrative implications of a failure on our part to pursue our appeals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rusk idea strengthens United States defense (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the auspices of the Outing Club , Dartmouth also has the Mountaineering Club , which takes on tough climbs like Mount McKinley , and Bait & Bullet , whose interests are self-evident , and even sports a Woodman's Team , which competes with other New England colleges in wood sawing and chopping , canoe races , and the like . (Filtered Words: 0)
He flexed his muscles for several minutes , got into the tub , and then grew self-conscious of splashing as he washed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned the handle and jerked the door open before either of the men were quite aware of his presence in the night . (Filtered Words: 1)
The dairy truck driver ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Exposure problems may occur in these forest areas where uneven lighting results from shafts of sunlight filtering through the overhead branches . (Filtered Words: 0)
It serves merely as an excess cushion for the rest of the carcass . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are private interests sufficiently involved to be consulted ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and when he woke up , his father was saying , `` Stop screaming , Quint . (Filtered Words: 0)
structure and properties of macromolecules (Filtered Words: 0)
But the really controversial aspect of customer-cost imputation arises because of the cost analyst's frequent practice of including , not just those costs that can be definitely earmarked as incurred for the benefit of specific customers but also a substantial fraction of the annual maintenance and capital costs of the secondary ( low-voltage ) distribution system -- a fraction equal to the estimated annual costs of a hypothetical system of minimum capacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or are you trying the devil's substitutes to relieve that spiritual hunger you feel within ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Get busy . (Filtered Words: 0)
So she fishes around in the cupboard and hauls out a chocolate cake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you insist that unneeded salary employees take their vacations during plant shutdowns ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
recently only [FILTERED] novel , [FILTERED] , has openly faced the problem . (Filtered Words: 2)
Brenner shrugged carelessly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once more , [FILTERED] reared , and whinnied in fear . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Don't Christsake me , buddy ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
That brings its per-year cost down mighty low . (Filtered Words: 0)
Richards got a great performance out of his combination of youth and experience last season . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a climate hostile to agriculture , Mr. [FILTERED] has had to keep alert to the most productive farm techniques . (Filtered Words: 1)
Is this a nut-house ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Both stages are assumed to have unity magnification . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fired to cone 06-05 . (Filtered Words: 0)
You've got blood on your cheek . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ah , what a title for the exhibition : The Eye is All '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
When did women begin to assert themselves sexually ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're wrong , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
his hospital and doctor bills had been large and his income had been cut until he was receiving little except small rentals on some properties he still owned . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least five years ago , [FILTERED] of Marlin made up an over/under double rifle for me in this caliber , using the now defunct Model 90 action in 20-gauge size . (Filtered Words: 1)
Apart from journalese and vaudeville gags , the anatomical is also found in jocular literature . (Filtered Words: 0)
He demanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a great deal of thought being given to the question of moral education in the schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
An alert dean will confer all through the year on personnel needs , plans for the future , qualifications of those on the job , and bright prospects elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
The audience leaves the play under a spell , It is the kind of spell which the exposure to spirit in its living active manifestation always evokes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The actual moments of contact are vitally important . (Filtered Words: 0)
They realize that by acting in concert , rather than individually , they will not be picked out as objects of retaliation -- economic and otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
What would happen next ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The New York Times editorialist wondered just who would stop Mr. [FILTERED] and make him write a book . (Filtered Words: 1)
As to our action , let us align ourselves with the purpose expressed by Jesus in the Lord's Prayer : `` Thy kingdom come , Thy will be done , on earth as it is in heaven '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the big man with the proprietory air and the beetling , shaggy eyebrows . (Filtered Words: 0)
And we are positive of so few and suspicious of so many '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said it was a `` wrongful act '' for [FILTERED] to take statements `` privately and outside of the grand jury room '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
The farmer's life must be arranged to meet the demands of crops and livestock . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You think [FILTERED]'s the one we're looking for '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Nobody's giving anything up '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
But no one complained when they wound up , regardless of season , in venison pies . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , out-of-sight does not lead to out-of-mind when children cannot be easily observed and you have to make a long trek to reach the pool . (Filtered Words: 0)
Capable of enduring friendships , they were also stout controversialists , who could write with a drop of vitriol on their pens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only was Haumd's intonation and phrasing without flaw , but he seemed to take every tonal eccentricity in stride . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a bad play , real grade-A turkey , which only a prevalence of angels with grandiose dreams of capital gain and tax money to burn could have put into rehearsal . (Filtered Words: 0)
He seemed to remember reading somewhere that Abyssinians had large litters , and suffered a dismaying vision of the apartment overrun with a dozen kittens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Old [FILTERED] is my ideal . (Filtered Words: 1)
I have supported the Democratic party in the last five campaigns . (Filtered Words: 0)
But suppose that a week later we revert to the incident in thought and make our statement again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional suggestions for membership preparation (Filtered Words: 0)
He sighed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had an outstanding record as a legislator since the start of his career in the House in 1913 , the 63d Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nature of the new birth (Filtered Words: 0)
But what made the Morton Foods stock issue such a hot one ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As shown earlier , the highly anxious individual may be superior in his memorizing of simple elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unsinkable slowed and stopped , hundreds of brilliant white flares swayed eerily down from the black , the air raid sirens ashore rose in a keening shriek , the anti-aircraft guns coughed and chattered -- and above it all motors roared and the bombs came whispering and wailing and crashing down among the ships at anchor at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The twenty-three ( or twenty-two with the Paynes themselves omitted ) provided merely a place to start , and their identification was the barest of starts . (Filtered Words: 0)
These gentlemen already have done the party harm by their seeming reluctance to vote aid for the depressed areas and by their criticism of Mr. [FILTERED] for talking about a recession and unemployment . (Filtered Words: 1)
Insofar as these nations claim to incarnate traditions and ways of life which constitute ultimate , trans-political justifications for their existence , such people are inevitably led to emphasize the ways in which these traditions and ways are theirs rather than someone else's . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although it was a mere fragment of the victim's remains , it was enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] supported the man to the edge of the bank and passed the frail figure over the bow of the nearest skiff . (Filtered Words: 1)
This enterprise led to a father-and-son combination beginning in 1833 , under the name D. Brown & Son , a business which eventually grew into the modern corporation we now call Brown & Sharpe . (Filtered Words: 0)
She put a strong hand under the old man's arm and lifted him up , patiently , with the gentle cruelty and necessary tyranny that the young show toward the very old . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were not , however , entirely unacquainted with the varying aspects of the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
The critical comments in the textual sections of this publication are invaluable . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did not answer . (Filtered Words: 1)
Using a cheap brush , coat one side of the bottom with the resin and then apply the cloth . (Filtered Words: 0)
He already had that slow pace that comes over the elderly , while she herself had all the signs of one who appreciates the joys of living . (Filtered Words: 0)
In New York City in 1958 , the city's Commissioner of Hospitals refused to permit a physician to provide a Protestant mother with a contraceptive device . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of the expected `` annoyances '' due to the nature of his mission , he received many calling cards and invitations from `` gentlemen of mark , on whom I had no sort of claim , & have had many more invitations than I could accept '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of you will say , `` Well , what can I do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's take a panoramic look back over the course we have come . (Filtered Words: 0)
We can mass our fleet against the Trujillos , but not against the Castros . (Filtered Words: 0)
Crowds flocked through the waterfront streets chattering loudly in their strange-sounding Bengali tongue . (Filtered Words: 0)
He closed his eyes and let the unintelligible drift of voices sweep pleasantly over him . (Filtered Words: 0)
For , in accordance with Mr. [FILTERED]'s concept of an advisory board , our selections are made by experienced selectors who give both constancy and consistency to our processes and our choices . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1960 , there were 7287 entries in the Junior Classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
In [FILTERED]'s farce , `` The Tricks Of Scapin '' , [FILTERED] undertakes another of the great roles . (Filtered Words: 2)
We entered one where the front door stood ajar and climbed a flight of steep steps to the main floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was very rude . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can speak both kinds of Latin , smart aleck '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Staley Hanover ( Knight Dream-Sweetmite Hanover ) is a little on the small side but a very compact colt and looks like one to stand training and many future battles with colts in his class . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirteen Italian airmen who went to the Congo to serve the cause of peace under the United Nations banner have instead met violent death at the hands of Congolese troops supposedly their friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
Protection (Filtered Words: 0)
Lautner , for his part , `` belonged to the present-day race of small artists , who do not demand the utmost of themselves '' , and the bitter description of the type includes such epithets as `` wretched little poseurs '' , the devastating indictment `` they do not know how to be wretched decently and in order '' , and the somewhat extreme prophecy , so far not fulfilled : `` They will be destroyed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mother of young queen , Mrs. [FILTERED] chose a white brocade gown made on slim lines with panels of tomato-red and bright green satin extending down the back . (Filtered Words: 1)
The instinct of discipline has been lost . (Filtered Words: 0)
Love you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
the officer with the yellow socks or the bay window . (Filtered Words: 0)
It stretched to an impossible height , climbing the wall to the ceiling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now he looked at her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shortly after the Chief Executive returned to Washington in midmorning from Hyannis Port , Mass. , a White House spokesman said the address text still had `` quite a way to go '' toward completion . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , expert in switchgear design , for a long period vp & gm of the Measurements & Industrial Products Division , and who currently , approaching retirement , is vice-president and consulting engineer in the Switchgear & Control Division . (Filtered Words: 1)
In her dark , scornful fashion she proceeded to her destination , afraid of nothing , not even the evil spirits which kept her company in her time of bleeding . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even in domains where detailed and predictive understanding is still lacking , but where some explanations are possible , as with lightning and weather and earthquakes , the appropriate kind of human action has been more adequately indicated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some opposition to the home rule movement started to be heard yesterday , with spokesmen for the town's insurgent Democratic leadership speaking out against the home rule charter in favor of the model municipal league charter . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who would be [FILTERED] so very soon now , rang up her first sale of the day and counted back the change . (Filtered Words: 2)
Prior to 1942 , automobiles were the individual responsibility of the agency to which assigned . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Nassau , as in other systems , the long-range objective is to bring the maximum service of libraries to bear on the schools , and on adult education in general . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wrote a few years ago that one of the cardinal rules of writing is that the reader should be able to get some idea of what the story is about . (Filtered Words: 0)
No page seems to be complete without the statement of at least one unproved generalization . (Filtered Words: 0)
What he does do is give himself away by communicating information over and above the words involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
It takes place in the household , a rite of well-wishing for myriad occasions -- for the traveler , a wedding , a newborn child , the sick , the New Year , for any good purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Will you be coming back soon '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
To accept the validity of the judgments of others is the second step . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last he reached for the knife . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have no religious feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Freed of routine by having his own firm and a complaisant partner , his work in New York had given him a broader overall knowledge of business administration and corporate structure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was saddened about what was happening to little girls and vowed to kneel no more in Chapel . (Filtered Words: 1)
Today , according to land economist [FILTERED] , shopping centers and their associated parking lots cover some 46,000 acres of land , which is almost exactly the total land area in all the nation's Central Business Districts put together . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gunny invariably tried to bite her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Developing And Selling New Products , 45 cents ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Church considers this to be the method provided by nature and its divine Author : It involves no frustration of nature's laws , but simply an intelligent and disciplined use of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the closing aircraft showed no sign of deviating from their original course . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first known telephone line in Manchester was established in July 1883 between [FILTERED] and [FILTERED]'s store at Manchester Depot and the Kent and Root Marble Company in South Dorset . (Filtered Words: 2)
In many localities , now , the law requires all pools to be fenced , usually to a minimum height of 5 feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Except when you prepare `` do it yourself '' shish kebob or a lobster roast . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , [FILTERED] added , bids from other contractors ranged from $2400 to $3100 per joint . (Filtered Words: 1)
In many instances it can withhold or limit its aid to countries not yet willing to make such efforts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their autumn tints are all fairly low keyed compared with the fiery stabs of crimson , gold , purple , bronze , blue and vermilion that flame up in North America . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a long commentary which he has inserted in the published text of the first act of the play , he says at one point : `` However , that experience never raised a doubt in his mind as to the reality of the underworld or the existence of [FILTERED]'s many-faced lieutenants . (Filtered Words: 1)
All of this , I know , is recent history familiar to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The book is by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , music by [FILTERED] , lyrics by [FILTERED] , choreography by [FILTERED] , scenery , costumes and lighting by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , musical direction by [FILTERED] , and the production was directed by Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 9)
Could Senator [FILTERED] be serious in his proposal ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
This is an official preliminary contest of the Miss America Pageant held each September in Atlantic City . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many factors contributed to the growth of the European movement . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the end , I did the same old picture , the naked girl and the guy in the doorway , only I put a Lord Byron shirt on the guy , gave him a sword instead of a pistol , and painted in furniture from the stills of a costume movie . (Filtered Words: 0)
He heard himself chortling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing new . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eating facilities (Filtered Words: 0)
There's still such a thing as mental illness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ah , that is simple . (Filtered Words: 0)
In certain other pictures , however , Braque began to paint areas in exact simulation of wood graining or marbleizing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He crossed Broome Street to Orange Square . (Filtered Words: 0)
The British and Canadian [FILTERED] , as well as Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization , the American Red Cross , and similar interested organizations were informed from time to time as training aids were developed . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Y're the young [FILTERED] woman . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Plus-one '' shelters (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , through Secretary-designate of State [FILTERED] , declined . (Filtered Words: 2)
Hank shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] cut the head from [FILTERED]'s thigh , he felt the knife grinding against the cartilage which held the head to his own body . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED]'s skilled eye sized them up . (Filtered Words: 1)
This habit had become so fixed over the years that it seemed futile to do anything for which no one was waiting . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third , containing the mixed type of complete and incomplete antibodies , had titers of 1 : 256 in saline , 1 : 512 in albumin and 1 : 1024 by the indirect Coombs test . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this last time he drank not to Brace but `` To Tolley '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Several at the King [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I said , `` O.K. , so now only Blake knows . (Filtered Words: 0)
It pointed out twenty-six instances of blasphemy in the letters , and ordered the writers to submit or force of arms would be used . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Transparent look , waxy skin -- could well be uremia '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the game , [FILTERED] was taking off his sweatshirt in the dressing room when [FILTERED] came in . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was going to take a lot of activity to fill it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Union Pacific Railroad streamliner , City of San Francisco , stopped in Ogden , Utah , for a few minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked more like twenty-five or six . (Filtered Words: 0)
A 62-year-old Smithfield man , [FILTERED] of 19 [FILTERED] , was in satisfactory condition last night at Our Lady of Fatima Hospital , North Providence , with injuries suffered when a car he was driving struck a utility pole on Woonasquatucket Avenue in North Providence near Stevens Street . (Filtered Words: 2)
They were followed by crack North Korean troops , who mounted one charge after another . (Filtered Words: 0)
She skipped a piece of water at him and laughed , a funny , hoarse laugh he liked to hear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan demanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the surprise was over , [FILTERED] was almost as pleased as anyone with John's good luck , though she agreed with Bobbie's decision some months later to move to Funk Furnaces . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , the building of freeways and garages cannot continue forever . (Filtered Words: 0)
Below , people line the steps , as though on bleachers , to watch the sky and river . (Filtered Words: 0)
The appeal is going to be to the pocketbook and may be very convincing to those who do not see its relation to political and legal , as well as economic , self-rule . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both had been up since 7:00 -- Irv on the early-morning watch , [FILTERED] unable to sleep during his four-hour relief . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fog hung over the route constantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They are ugly and they eat chickens and I hate snakes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of these thoughts -- not all of them -- have taken organized form in later years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Send me where I can play '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
To be sure of matching color as well as form , pieces of cartoon were traced on the roughcast , and large samples painted in fresco , then left two months to dry out to their final key . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charlayne was `` tentatively '' admitted for next fall , after state investigators questioned her white roommate at Wayne State . (Filtered Words: 0)
Utopia is still widely read because in a sense More stood on the margin of modernity . (Filtered Words: 0)
How can the vicious circle be broken ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making , network structure seems to be paramount , and without monitoring no network has value . (Filtered Words: 0)
We hope thereby to emphasize that , from a psychological standpoint , the effectual prevention of illegitimacy is a continuous long-term process involving the socialization of the female from infancy through adolescence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should a political subdivision , state or county or municipality , be required to furnish public education ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , even at the nadir of the circuit the spiral of history belongs to God , and he still rules . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Organification of iodine (Filtered Words: 0)
I taught him , dammit , and I'll teach you . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a statement has been assigned an address in the index word area (Filtered Words: 0)
The startled horses began rearing on their tethers . (Filtered Words: 0)
A recent newspaper report said there were five Negroes in the 1960 graduating class of nearly one thousand at Yale ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The recommendation of the Department -- as well as the decision of the appeal board -- was based entirely on the local board file , not on an FBI report . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] walked up to him at the magazine stand . (Filtered Words: 1)
The champagne at [FILTERED] , the traditional capital of the champagne country , has more ambrosial taste somehow than it has at a sidewalk cafe on the Rue de la Paix or at Tour D'Argent . (Filtered Words: 1)
( the same amount used in item 1 under Method Of Computing Allotments , above . (Filtered Words: 0)
rim-fires by means of adapter sleeves in the chambers . (Filtered Words: 0)
a special fund created for that purpose pursuant to subsection ( A ) of this section any amounts hereafter paid , in United States dollars , by a foreign government which has entered into a claims settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection ( A ) of Section 4 of this Title . (Filtered Words: 0)
More temperately than in the study of [FILTERED] and despite his Liberal bias , [FILTERED] vividly sketches the England of pre-French Revolution days , portrays the stresses and strains of the revolutionary period in rich colors , and brings developments leading to the Reform Bill into sharp and clear focus . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Such as ' sending the cat to guard the mice ' , or ' the falcon to protect the dove ' , or most terribly sharp of all , ' the human being to save humanity ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The colonel crouched tensely on one of the folding chairs , methodically tearing at his thumbnail . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purchase was effected and they made their way towards the hotel again , the hen , with whom some sort of communication had been set up , nestling in the doctor's arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
I did it for the valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You know '' , Norton said to me later , `` I am thinking of setting up the Klinico Brownapopolus . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , he had raised quetzal birds in his camp in the forest of Ecuador . (Filtered Words: 0)
He almost broke into tears . (Filtered Words: 0)
The batteries on the bugging device I had put on the car were still fresh enough to send out good strong signals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe I didn't see as much of Gladdy as I'd like , but how much worse it would have been if I'd had to board her out somewhere after Alice went -- send my daughter to an orphanage or a boarding-home . (Filtered Words: 0)
The class of the congruence is Af , since an arbitrary plane meets **zg in [FILTERED] points . (Filtered Words: 1)
By analogy , the church also has been regarded as entirely independent of the `` world '' in the sense of requiring nothing from it in order to be the church . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , coloring isn't exactly something you teach a child . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sex is overpriced '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind them shambled a long column of weak , tattered men . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But why pay her bills ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No signs of these , no gross hemorrhage of lungs , heart , brain or stomach '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Didn't occur to me my child would be kidnaped when I had it listed '' , Andrus muttered . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm always trying to find a breaking table in blackjack . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm no lawyer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Division six will be headed by the Coast Guard , followed by the reserve forces of all services , five states , Puerto Rico , the Virgin Islands , Guam , American Samoa , the trust territories and the Canal Zone . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , after a wartime stint with Time-Life , to become bureau chief for The New Republic . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gauer works with the ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
It might have rained , any time ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But except for a vague adherence to the basic storyline -- i.e. , that [FILTERED] remained with [FILTERED] and finally wound up with Boaz -- the film version has little to do with the Bible . (Filtered Words: 2)
The meeting will , however , afford a timely and convenient opportunity for the first personal contact between them and a general exchange of views on the major issues which affect the relationships between the two countries '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any of the antithyroid drugs , of either type , if given in large enough doses for a long period of time will cause goitre , owing to inhibition of thyroid hormone synthesis , with production of hypothyroidism . (Filtered Words: 0)
But companies continued to spring up . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in the second subtype , which I take to be the one more frequently applied , only the operating expenses and not the `` cost of capital '' or `` fair return '' are apportioned directly among the various classes of service . (Filtered Words: 0)
No load of sin had been laid on my shoulders , nor did earnest effort enable me to become conscious of one . (Filtered Words: 0)
The huge backlog of demand which was evident in the first decade and a half after the War was fed by liquid assets accumulated by the public during the War , and even more so by the easier and easier credit in the consumer loan and home loan fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
How can you cash in on this fast-growing type of outlet and still maintain relationships with older existing outlets which are still important ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He had had the need to understand what life lurked behind the mask of flesh , behind the oath , the banter , the sadness . (Filtered Words: 0)
NBC had gathered a lot of historical material which it was eager to share . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's short for Quintus . (Filtered Words: 0)
MacLean stressed correctly the importance of the visceral brain for preservation of the individual and the species , as evidenced by the influence of the limbic brain ( including the hypothalamus ) on emotions related to fight and flight and also on sexual functions . (Filtered Words: 0)
I want you here . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fourth name was ( John ) Milton of Christ's College , followed by ( [FILTERED] ) [FILTERED] of Peterhouse , who matriculated 16 October 1624 . (Filtered Words: 2)
This gives you a better opportunity to get the feel of the climate conditions , the exposure to the sun and wind , the water interests , etcetera , which vary greatly with the seasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
He lived in an apartment house not over three or four years old , a reclaimed island of landscaped brick and glass on the fringe of the business district . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ballet work is on the nose , especially in the opening number by `` The New Ashmolean Marching Society and Students' Conservatory Band '' , along with a fiery and sultry Brazilian fantasia later . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yesterday ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We could put a portion of our strategic bombers in such shelters . (Filtered Words: 0)
To bring warmth to the dining area , golden orange tones are used in the fabrics . (Filtered Words: 0)
the persistent refusal to come to grips with a critical problem in one sector of American agriculture ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Few states make effective use of their existing vocational education programs or funds for the purpose of attracting new industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is true that the therapist can sense , when he hears this stereotype , that there are at this moment many emotional determinants at work in it , a blurred babel of indistinct voices which have yet to become clearly delineated from one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
Imagine that there is a blizzard over Pennsylvania , but instead of snowing snow , it snows peas ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What has impressed you most on your present visit '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
No additional transfusions were necessary after the institution of prednisone in July , 1957 , in an initial dose of 40 mg. daily with gradual tapering to 10 mg. daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Senator '' , said an interviewer , `` your constituents can't understand from your speech last night just how you stand on the question '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gear ratio -- speed relationships (Filtered Words: 0)
Bake slowly about one hour at 250-275 F. until lightly brown . (Filtered Words: 0)
The threshold mass of about Af corresponds to a 10-M-diameter sphere of density Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sighed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was absurd and dramatic . (Filtered Words: 0)
The games were over , this was life . (Filtered Words: 0)
it also contains nearly all the mass , and the atomic energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was an artisan , a man who studied his trade and developed his craftsmanship the way a goldsmith or a wood carver did . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fence-line feeding . (Filtered Words: 0)
He keeps the beat going . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does it attack other traditional American institutions with unsupportable and wild charges ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
we had drifted closer . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the light from the bedside table his father looked so worried that the promise spilled out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since then nothing has happened to save the life of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the same time , there was increased reason for a quick meeting lest the Soviet leader , as a result of those episodes , come to a dangerously erroneous conclusion about the West's ability and determination to resist Communist pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
his foot slipped off the chair and he put it back again , frowning now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] was killed on Aug. 31 , 1958 . (Filtered Words: 1)
It would be profitable , I believe , to read these realistic humorists alongside [FILTERED]'s works , the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly , but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time , to [FILTERED]'s time . (Filtered Words: 2)
a carriage raising up the choking June dust , and beyond , in a meadow , a local militia company drilling with muskets , [FILTERED]' rifles , every kind of horse pistol , old sword , or cutlass . (Filtered Words: 1)
The supplier delivers at his convenience in transport loads , so as to maintain two-to-three weeks reserve supply against weather contingencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
As they were riding along this winding road on the bench of land between the two bluffs , a volley of rifle fire suddenly crashed around the two officers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jury praised the administration and operation of the Atlanta Police Department , the Fulton Tax Commissioner's Office , the Bellwood and Alpharetta prison farms , Grady Hospital and the Fulton Health Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
Restudy what your men do , to help them waste less of the time you pay for (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , of Drexel Park , entertained at a luncheon at her home on Wednesday . (Filtered Words: 1)
It could have been [FILTERED] or [FILTERED] for the way it smelled . (Filtered Words: 2)
The Church Unity Octave , January 18-25 , was enthusiastically devoted to prayer and discussion by the various churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither reason , said the Court , applied to the case at hand ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes indeed , we too can see a warlike host of infidels encamped against us . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think that we are here also talking of the kind of fear that a young boy has for a group of boys who are approaching at night along the streets of a large city . (Filtered Words: 0)
For crucial encounter (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] appeared for her , however , and what he told the magistrates must have been plenty , for he was charged with deluding the court , fined , and told to leave the colony within fourteen days . (Filtered Words: 1)
Initially , the flagellated protozoa predominated , but they soon gave way to the free swimming ciliated protozoa . (Filtered Words: 0)
he is simply thrown out of the shop by the porter . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was only dreaming . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did not answer him . (Filtered Words: 1)
She begged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Historians have had two reasons for persisting so long in their investigations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Removal of the suspended solids by a membrane filter yielded an average effluent containing only 20 mg/l Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Current status ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
So you'll have everything all to yourself , doggone '' (Filtered Words: 0)
My instructions were that Mr. [FILTERED] would meet me at the hotel , but instead he and three others were at the station with a very warm welcome . (Filtered Words: 1)
Labor restrains undue brutality toward the Labor Department ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , locking the room or stateroom door gives privacy of location , but it is equally important to be sure there is time enough for an utterly unhurried fulfillment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Use nuclear propulsions to keep our long-range military aircraft in the air for the majority of their useful life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The more Adoniram looked at the Greek word for baptism , the more unhappy he became over its true meaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then every linear operator T in V can be written as the sum of a diagonalizable operator D and a nilpotent operator N which commute . (Filtered Words: 0)
there was no financial gain for [FILTERED] in the murders . (Filtered Words: 1)
And that's meant as a boost , not a knock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once the figure was 30-30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pre-shaped metal shelter (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Which continent '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Concepts such as grace , damnation , purgation , blasphemy , or the chain of being , which are everywhere implicit in classic and [FILTERED] tragedy , lose their vitality . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is a mistake . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the nadir of that circuit is death . (Filtered Words: 0)
The socialist environment , it was stated , had cross-fertilized these two extreme seeds and was about to produce a new plant and fruit . (Filtered Words: 0)
The objective behind this action was to place in one agency the responsibility for the management , assignment , and replacement of all vehicles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only man alive who seems qualified by his learning , his disposition and his addiction to a baroque luxuriance of language to inherit the literary mantle of [FILTERED] , Mr. [FILTERED] writes of foreign parts with a dedication to decoration worthy of a pastry chef creating a wedding cake for the marriage of a Hungarian beauty ( her third ) and an American multimillionaire ( his fourth ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
An over-all concept would have other advantages . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the one hand , there are ecumenists who are so stirred by the crises of the church in its encounter with the world at large that they have no eyes for what the church is doing in their own town . (Filtered Words: 0)
the courage to meet every challenge ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet whistled softly as he looked at the gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
To do so would make his job well-nigh impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has recently become practical to use the radio emission of the moon and planets as a new source of information about these bodies and their atmospheres . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] did not at all like the look on [FILTERED]'s regular-featured , almost girlishly good-looking face -- or indeed anything about [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
Only a few days after moving into the White House . (Filtered Words: 0)
Man , when my 275 pounds and six-four comes along , why it's the same as another badge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Propriety was synonymous with ritual observance , the mark of a true gentleman . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is his appetite improved '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Land , labor , and equipment needed (Filtered Words: 0)
At first , I thought he was out of his head , talking wildly like this . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew it wouldn't be the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
The broods of workers that appear later tend to be bigger than the first ones , probably because they are better fed . (Filtered Words: 0)
These areas comprise about half of the total area of rodent infestation on the National Forests . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sensational and frightening enjoyed popularity : a train rushes straight at the audience , or a great wave threatens to break over the seats . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked him if it was true . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Artists contended that the Philistines , gross of soul , were all for having Son et Lumiere , since the French were footing the bill and the attraction , wherever it had been done , had proven popular . (Filtered Words: 0)
On April 25 , the White House reported that a total embargo of remaining U.S. trade with Cuba was being considered . (Filtered Words: 0)
This has survived the years but there has been considerable concern among the tenants over the fact that the oil was not metered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ringing the ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the symbols he is asked to learn are simple . (Filtered Words: 0)
That [FILTERED] philosophy of the social contract fathered the American Revolution with its Declaration of Independence , I believe , we generally accept . (Filtered Words: 1)
The symbol for multiplication is `` **b '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood , panting , for a moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ah , the fair-weather friends of yesteryear ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The first stage of operation has centered on the literature imaging of critical or summarizing tabulations such as the Barker Index . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negroes represent nothing to him personally , except , perhaps , the dangers of carnality . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked gloomily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't forget -- when you take to the hills or the beach -- that your cooler , which you might have used for wine- or beer-cooling on your terrace or back yard , is indispensable for carrying liquid refreshments . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Chairman [FILTERED] received the U.S. President's disarmament adviser , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
In addition to the penalties provided in Title 18 , United States Code , Section 1001 , any person guilty of any act , as provided therein , with respect to any matter under this Title , shall forfeit all rights under this Title , and , if payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
U.S. `` prestige '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Two of the new hands , a Mexican named [FILTERED] and a kid known only as Laredo , were picked for the first trick of riding night herd . (Filtered Words: 1)
The rocking has the ambiguous function of keeping the erotic undercurrent silent and making it present ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the chines are rounded off and the bottom is rough-sanded in preparation . (Filtered Words: 0)
All through The Republic , [FILTERED] attends to the way art relates to the general life and ultimately to a good life for his citizens . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thompson himself said : `` I want to enjoy once more the pleasure of bare walls waiting for new pictures '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and overhead projector transparency sets on the subjects of Military Sanitation : First Aid For Soldiers ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A major aim of the Council will be to remove as far as possible whatever in the Church today stands in the way of unity . (Filtered Words: 0)
This can be obtained in 42-inch widths 24 feet long . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this eminence was not without its weighty responsibilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't a new boat , about five years old , but fitted with fishing outriggers and chairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He came home unexpectedly '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said vaguely , `` Well , it is a little legal matter , but nothing like that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Socialist leaders in Milwaukee recognized her worth , not only because of her dedication but because of her fluency in German , French , and Luxemburg . (Filtered Words: 0)
We do know that [FILTERED] left the house before nine o'clock . (Filtered Words: 1)
There were gigantic blisters and rope burns on our hands ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Held candle (Filtered Words: 0)
The men were huddled in those lairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hal , the linguist , saw the glittering discs and necklaces in terms of the languages spoken therein . (Filtered Words: 0)
Enough daylight is usually available from the windows , but if you have synchronized flash -- use it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But the sun'll fry it out'n me onct we git to rolling '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I was just sayin' to him that I'm all ready now for anything else you want done '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within a few years the Scots , engaged in breaking the thick sod and stirring the rich soil of the valley , were joined by a group called Meurons . (Filtered Words: 0)
He then sold her minerals to cure her kidney ailment , a can of sage `` to make her look like a girl again '' , and an application of plain mud to take her wrinkles away . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
and yet remain unmoved '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to other defects , I'm a stubborn man and hate to admit to the common garden variety of bad judgment . (Filtered Words: 0)
This past year the pattern has been different : The organizing program had the full support of the AFL-CIO , which supplied staff and money to the AWOC , as well as moral support . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be sure ducts that require insulation get it when they are installed . (Filtered Words: 0)
though contemptuous , they were still polite . (Filtered Words: 0)
for this division is but an abstract representation of the social struggle between mysticism and science . (Filtered Words: 0)
Budget increased (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , with a motion so suddenly violent that she amazed herself , she tore them in two . (Filtered Words: 0)
it gives something of dignity even to a bad one '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
None of his movements was tentative . (Filtered Words: 0)
I remembered it was the Peeping [FILTERED] place . (Filtered Words: 1)
( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had on a Hawaiian shirt and was carrying some sun-tan oil and dark glasses . (Filtered Words: 1)
It might have been several months . (Filtered Words: 0)
Refuses to grant bail (Filtered Words: 0)
The experts are thus forced to hypothesize sequences of events that have never occurred , probably never will -- but possibly might . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suburbs and Negroes (Filtered Words: 0)
She passed the entrance examinations to the University of Illinois , but during the year at [FILTERED] felt more important events transpired at the University of Chicago . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since Biblical times , rosaries have been made from jobs-tears -- the seeds of an Asiatic grass . (Filtered Words: 0)
In North Dakota the strangely beautiful Badlands will challenge you to translate its wonder on to film . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a shortage of salesmen today . (Filtered Words: 0)
There had been signs and portents like the regular toppling over and defacing of the bust of Lauro Di Bosis near the Villa Lante and in the Gianicolo . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] had been killed in a crash , he must have wanted it that way . (Filtered Words: 1)
That evening , as I learned later , the students , enjoying that spontaneous immodesty in action known only to university students , surged out onto the streets of Strasbourg , overturning empty streetcars , marking up store fronts , and shouting imprudently , `` [FILTERED] to power '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
but this -- yes , terrible step I am about to take is lightened with an inundating joy by the new-found hope that here , in these poems , is treasure -- or at least some measure of beauty , which I did not know of '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Professor Cestre , could it be ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When one powerful nation strives to emulate the success of another , it is only natural . (Filtered Words: 0)
a special fund created for that purpose pursuant to subsection ( A ) of this section any amounts hereafter paid , in United States dollars , by a foreign government which has entered into a claims settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection ( A ) of Section 4 of this Title . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey reached out with the tire iron and dislodged a chunk of mud that was caked on the spare tire rack . (Filtered Words: 0)
The average volatile suspended solids in the effluent was 75 mg/l while MLSS averaged 170 mg/l volatile suspended solids . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other pairs of phonologic subsystems also interact or overlap in this way ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And then there was [FILTERED]'s engagement to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Mrs. [FILTERED] chose Mama in her place . (Filtered Words: 1)
The wool would become frazzled around the edges from blowing in the wind , and Mama would mend it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes it was to skirt a gulley . (Filtered Words: 0)
How much head start ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of them are very delicious indeed , and there are many good ones exported -- unfortunately , along with others not so good , and worse . (Filtered Words: 0)
But millions of human beings were exposed to Lueger's propaganda and record . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] looked in the mirror . (Filtered Words: 1)
He said , `` I only work here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The German barbarians of the fourth century offered an excellent example : (Filtered Words: 0)
The received radiation is compared with the radiation from a hypothetical black body which subtends the same solid angle as the visible disk of the planet . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , really , right as rain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such was the impromptu that Voltaire gave to howls of laughter at Sans Souci and that was soon circulated in manuscript throughout the literary circles of Europe , to be printed sometime later , but with the name of Timon of Athens , the famous misanthrope , substituted for that of Rousseau . (Filtered Words: 0)
With [FILTERED] enacting the central role with husky-voiced sincerity , the longsuffering heroine is at least attractive . (Filtered Words: 1)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
Feathertop was a connoisseur . (Filtered Words: 0)
Analyses (Filtered Words: 0)
The expected weight loss for Af going to Af and Af is 10.6% . (Filtered Words: 0)
In of all the suggestions that were made , his was the silliest the possessive his represents his suggestion and is stressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
His hands shook . (Filtered Words: 0)
My husband is in great pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There is not space to hold or force to guard any increased number of prisoners . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until 1958 the state was also entitled to a special type of manufacturers' discount through the dealers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since Mr. [FILTERED] believes firmly that the chewing of hard foods helps develop healthy gums and teeth , raw vegetables and raw whole-wheat grains are handed out with fresh fruit and whole-wheat cookies at snack time in the afternoons . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , the alignment of the `` dots '' and `` tips '' , respectively , indicate individual variability of the 21 growth centers of each child with respect to the mean values for these boys and girls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five subjects ( 12% ) did not change until they had been told that some people have something happen to their arm , what that something was , and also were given a demonstration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leaning forward in her chair , [FILTERED] nearsightedly scrutinized [FILTERED]'s face . (Filtered Words: 2)
He echoed again in soft wonder . (Filtered Words: 0)
I do the living room last . (Filtered Words: 0)
Softness is found in crushed textures . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , too , is the mathematical competence of a college graduate who has majored in mathematics . (Filtered Words: 0)
The master's hand has lost none of its craft . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , here again , comparative benchmarks are lacking , and we do not know , in any case , what measure of profoundity and intensity to expect from healthy , young , secure and relatively inexperienced persons ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Multiple circuits , routings and frequencies make the chain as unbreakable as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
You have the controlling interest and the principal expenditure is yours -- and , besides , nobody else is going to have the courage . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy came around behind me , dragging the stake . (Filtered Words: 0)
My folks wouldn't dream of having alcohol in the house , so my first taste of it had been -- of course -- with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is confronted with the recurrent crises , such as great natural catastrophes and the great transitions of life -- marriage , incurable disease , widowhood , old age , the certainty of death . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the popular Chinese mind , [FILTERED] ( Zen ) was no exception to the ideas of coarse magic that dominated . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] turned away and did not see the man's knees buckle and his body sag . (Filtered Words: 1)
To determine engine speed for a given combination of the other three factors the formula is : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
One main type of malocclusion is characterized by a receding chin and protruding upper front teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The theory predicts a linear dependence of Af on Af , where J is the experimentally determined Curie-Weiss constant . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
He lifted a screeching war whoop . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cecil Mason of Hartford , Conn. , was best man for his brother , and groomsmen were [FILTERED] 3 , of Houston , Dr. [FILTERED] of Houston and Conrad McEachern of New Orleans , La. . (Filtered Words: 2)
Some of the earlier episodes have touches of the supernatural , as suited to the legendary background . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was awarded a fellowship to continue his studies in Tokyo and he packed up his clothes , the biwa upon which he had been practicing and his image of Acala , and left to spend a week at home before leaving the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
fresh scars showed that the door had been prized open . (Filtered Words: 0)
One can only speak of what is in front of him , and that now is simply the mess '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These plans , like Du Pont's , contained provisions for passing the vote on Du Pont's General Motors shares on to the ultimate stockholders of Du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware , except that officers and directors of the three companies , their spouses , and other people living in their households , as well as other specified persons , were to be totally disenfranchised . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had purchased the Alliance Furniture Mart seventeen years ago . (Filtered Words: 1)
Instead -- and not just to prove my objectivity -- I hasten to report that it's a highly amusing film which probably does a fairly accurate job of reporting on the [FILTERED] vacation shenanigans of collegians down in Fort Lauderdale , and that it seems to come to grips quite honestly with the moral problem that most commonly vexes youngsters in this age group -- that is to say , sex . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was getting real dramatic . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I mean , do you feel like seeing [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Why are you trying to worry me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A student to be eligible for the captaincy of any [FILTERED] team must have a scholastic record of at least 1.00 . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I like to follow the holidays when they come along . (Filtered Words: 0)
A verdict against Pohl came at 4:05 p.m. after almost 13-1/2 hours of deliberation . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] arrived in [FILTERED] , a port on the Adriatic , on November 28th , making for [FILTERED] , which , as the name indicates , was the ancient city's new and modern harbor . (Filtered Words: 3)
Mrs. [FILTERED] shows a determination to change all this . (Filtered Words: 1)
Wilson inquired about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The order to abandon ship was given , but cries of pain could be heard from the wounded below decks . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of late years , I find that I like best to work out-of-doors . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You know , Summers '' , he said thoughtfully . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bern demands that the Lord's Supper be administered here as it used to be , with unleavened bread . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly I understood why she had the umbrella . (Filtered Words: 0)
In order to reduce the number of variable parameters , all experiments were made with a constant arc length of 0.5'' '' and a current of 100 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was dark but dry and cool . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wondered where the superstition had originated that it was bad luck for a crew chief to watch his plane take off on a combat mission . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was an air of blindness in her gray eyes , the startled-horse look that ultimately comes to some women who are born at the end of an ancestral line long since divorced from money-making and which , besides , has kept its estate intact . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Reception into the Church Fellowship (Filtered Words: 0)
who can develop reliable estimates of sales volume , production , and distribution costs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Barton nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , sir '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
In Rourke's car , [FILTERED] drove east to [FILTERED] and north toward Felice Perrin's address which had been given to him by the Peralta governess . (Filtered Words: 2)
coffee . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nationalism has abetted not only the repudiation of foreign religions but the revival of native ones , some of which had been lying in slumber for centuries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although we continue to pay our conversational devotions to `` free private enterprise '' , `` individual initiative '' , `` the democratic way '' , `` government of the people '' , `` competition of the marketplace '' , etc. , we live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas , bureaucracy is corroding representative government , technology is weakening the citizen's confidence in his own power to make decisions , and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the ground '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a matter of fact you could probably find a new home development in every populated county in the country with three-bedroom ranch style cottages in the $14,000 range . (Filtered Words: 0)
Definition . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is possible , of course , to work on extant or projected buildings where either architect or owner will explain their necessities so that the student may get `` the feel '' of real interior design demands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Question at issue : How big a vote should be necessary to restrict Senate debate -- and thereby cut off legislation-delaying filibusters ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a trend today to bemoan the fact that Americans are too `` soft '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Imagine being able to laugh and wink when you're like the top part of that picture frame at home '' , one of them said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The staff deserves a lot of credit working down here under real obstacles '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Return to the standing position . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] v. United States , supra . (Filtered Words: 1)
He trudged on , his aching eyes focused straight ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grosse ducked and sniggered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps [FILTERED] had guessed already and kept her counsel . (Filtered Words: 1)
On three Fridays the coach has needed a driver . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm going to turn my generator back on , as I promised to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plant City Oct. 11 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Robby could be better (Filtered Words: 0)
who can develop reliable estimates of sales volume , production , and distribution costs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Vending machines can alleviate the long hike to the cafeteria during the break with resulting waste of production time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , the time of death . (Filtered Words: 0)
In four of his nine previous seasons Mays hit as many as 25 home runs and stole as many as 25 bases . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is on them alone that the future of their race depends , for all their relatives ( mothers , husbands , brothers , and unmated sisters ) have perished with the arrival of the cold weather . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is sufficiently small compared with the surface temperature of the anode holder , to make the energy flux radiated from the environment toward the anode holder negligible within the accuracy of the present measurements . (Filtered Words: 0)
B (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm going to tell everybody how big a snake I killed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sommers , you bale while we row '' , [FILTERED] commanded . (Filtered Words: 1)
Getting to and from school was no problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet Laos was now one of the most explosive headaches of statesmen around the globe . (Filtered Words: 0)
It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes sir '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We don't know this guy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another would be to take the advice of Dr. [FILTERED] , president of the University of Missouri , and provide for an impartial professional analysis of Missouri's economy . (Filtered Words: 1)
You may apply for such an extension by filing Form 2688 , Application For Extension Of Time To File , with the District Director of Internal Revenue for your district , or you may make your application in a letter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now they were riding to kill him . (Filtered Words: 0)
could piece , as it were , the jumbled mass together into an organized whole and then recognize it as a man or a triangle or whatever it turned out to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that he gave a damn what the grapevine sent out about [FILTERED]'s little speech on the comportment of platoon commanders . (Filtered Words: 1)
Such mannerisms would be less worthy of remark , were it not that in Great Expectations , as in no other of [FILTERED]' novels , hands serve as a leitmotif of plot and theme -- a kind of unifying symbol or natural metaphor for the book's complex of human interrelationships and the values and attitudes that motivate them . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` And from now on , for the rest of this trip , I will only drink what you agree that I should drink '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cleared his throat ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He sold me a clear title . (Filtered Words: 0)
Desiring to fill the only remaining lack , he selected the best site on the ranch for a chapel and spared no expense in erecting it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beadle is even that rare scientist who takes an interest in money matters ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Productivity of U.S. miners is twice that of the British . (Filtered Words: 0)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The trouble , '' explained [FILTERED] , then Deputy Undersecretary for Administration , `` is that when we get into an argument with him about this thing , it always turns out that Rooney knows more about our budget than we do '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He rode in at the head of sixty trigger-happy and liquor-crazed desperadoes and took over a livery barn at the entrance to Main Street . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will your trade customers settle for less attention and fewer frills in return for some benefit they can share ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Following each instruction period a piece of literature dealing with the topic should be handed each one for further reading during the week . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s The Walnut Trees Of Altenburg was written in the early years of the second World War , during a period of enforced leisure when he was taken prisoner by the Germans after the fall of France . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] had not come in yet . (Filtered Words: 1)
Religion thus becomes integrated with life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reaction of certain City Council members to California's newest anti-secrecy laws was as dismaying as it was disappointing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much more important is to grasp the feelings of the narrator ( whose full name is never given ) as he becomes aware of the disorganized and bewildered mass of French prisoners clustered together in a temporary prison camp in and around the cathedral of Chartres . (Filtered Words: 0)
a cigarette would taste particularly good . (Filtered Words: 0)
Give him time '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another powerful factor in the European movement was the threat of Soviet aggression . (Filtered Words: 0)
A dour , gangling man with a choppy gait , Colmer looks younger than his 70 years , has gradually swung from a moderate , internationalist position to that of a diehard conservative . (Filtered Words: 0)
At first I thought he had missed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The horses were only several lengths away when he fired . (Filtered Words: 0)
Minneapolis , Minn. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Be excited and don't identify yourself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exhibited in shows in London in 1935 , and in New York the following year , the new , more elaborated abstracts were much favored in the circles of the modernists as three-dimentional dramas of great intellectual coherence . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly what the person brings to the reading is important . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , there has come into being a situation in which the state must raise all of its own revenues and , in addition , must give assistance to its local governments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just put yourself in Felix's place for a moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
( For instance , see Example 2 of Section 5-5 , on red cards in hands of 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Off to the west a beautiful schooner slowly beat its way into the wind , headed on a tack toward San Clemente . (Filtered Words: 0)
An attempted middle course might lead to devices like a 5000-word alphabetized dictionary from which every fiftieth word was selected . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had thought no further than finding Muller . (Filtered Words: 0)
God allowed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the growing number of Negro-appeal radio stations , plus evidence of strong listener support of their advertisers , give time salesmen an impressive argument as they approach new prospects . (Filtered Words: 0)
They involve similar uncertainties regarding the multiple identities of any number of non-Jewish groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
even Christ was baptized by this method . (Filtered Words: 0)
Location (Filtered Words: 0)
In the morning the fog was still thick so that to go to the village I crept along with my headlights full on . (Filtered Words: 0)
She seemed irritated . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll collar [FILTERED] before night '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
These dates are virtually the only clues we have to the chronology of the poems , since the separate volumes are neither chronological within themselves nor in relation to each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Sir [FILTERED] from renaissance England ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
One of the offices slated for reconstruction is the aged Court of Claims , diagonally across the street from the White House . (Filtered Words: 0)
Time stands still as you climb the narrow , stone stairways in tiny villages clinging to steep mountain slopes or wander through story-book towns , perched atop lofty crags , their faces turned to the sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grab , snatch , I saw that first ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Decorated on unfired glaze with one coat of one-stroke ceramic colors ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
From that time to this my religious concern is that I might give effective help to the bringing in of God's kingdom on earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
For arm and shoulder strength a chinning bar is recommended . (Filtered Words: 0)
They followed the others toward the east gate . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We were possessed by visions of a new civilization to come , very pure and elevated '' , he has said , `` in fact some ideal form of socialism such as we had dreamed of since the war of 1914-1918 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Deep Peep Show '' (Filtered Words: 0)
And the fault , of course , was [FILTERED]'s . (Filtered Words: 1)
Diametric opposition must persist as to the future course of prices , if there is to persist a market at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charges in doubt (Filtered Words: 0)
But because it was a suspense gangster story of the Capone era , many of us felt that it might catch on for a run in Chicago , continue as a road company , and eventually become a movie . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have helped him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ideas , in and of themselves , are not necessarily the greatest good . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I ain't ragging him '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Fears prejudicial aspects (Filtered Words: 0)
The mythological private eye differs from his counterpart in real life in two essential ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a problem , and I believe there is little difference of opinion that wherever possible a local school board should devise and effect a plan of desegregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tweed coat , maybe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Definite information on the growth of senile individuals is lacking . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , he had been surprised , unpleasantly surprised , but surprised . (Filtered Words: 0)
Comparable visions of life are at work in Antigone and [FILTERED] And [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Was B'dikkat a crazy slave to his own duty or was he a man who had hopes of going back to his own planet some day , surrounded by a family of little cow-people resembling himself ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to urging greater restrictions on aerial spraying , [FILTERED] called for support of the Wilderness bill , creation of national seashore parks , including Point Reyes ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Applying these figures to the formula we get the equation : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Should she wake him ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Where are you , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
It permits the state to take over bank accounts , stocks and other personal property of persons missing for seven years or more . (Filtered Words: 0)
In working , always slip marker from one needle to another . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here in the cool darkness Mr. [FILTERED] could still feel the warmth of midday , could still see the yellow butterflies dancing over the road , could still see the friendly grin on the young , sun-browned face as the driver looked back over his shoulder for a moment before the car streaked out of sight . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then one of the guests showed his merriment . (Filtered Words: 0)
For outdoor signs and displays , where the problem of weathering resistance is no longer a factor , the choice of plastics is almost unlimited . (Filtered Words: 0)
they fled from the Victorian parlor and made their way across the stormy Atlantic . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who played drums , hasn't seen his chum since . (Filtered Words: 1)
What I fled from was my fear of what , unwittingly , you might betray , without meaning to , about my father and yourself . (Filtered Words: 0)
We should think of it more as an act of justice than compassion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was in Baptist Memorial hospital . (Filtered Words: 0)
I recoil from the very thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we return to them today , we have no difficulty spotting their weaknesses but we find them still pleasing . (Filtered Words: 0)
What did Pearson say about [FILTERED] as a possible suspect in his trial-book essay ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Change our taxing law so that no tax shall be charged to any owner for additions or improvements to his properties . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or against her back , pressed on the column of vertebrae , which held her so magnificently straight and unyielding , until the segments of bone made tiny sharp cracking noises , like the snapped stem of a tulip . (Filtered Words: 0)
New docks and ramps are being rushed at Playa Del Rey , Ventura , [FILTERED] , Oceanside and Mission Bay . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a face that had lost its childlike softness and was beginning to fold within its fragile features a harshness that belied the lyric lines of its contours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oleanders , cypress , and palms in the spacious gardens add much color and beauty to this attractive residential section . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Join me in another '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did you hear [FILTERED] return '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
He also expanded and modernized the radio system with a central control station . (Filtered Words: 0)
No group of officers came in for more spirited denunciation than the doctors . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a conflict among the defendants '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked also for more supplies to trade at a low price for the Indians' pelts . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was hot . (Filtered Words: 0)
This magnificent but greatly underestimated book , which bodies forth the very form and pressure of its time as no other comparable creation , has suffered severely from having been written about an historical event -- the Spanish Civil War -- that is still capable of fanning the smoldering fires of old political feuds . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it happens the English lady is a good Catholic herself , but of more liberal political persuasion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new promotion manager has been employed by the company since January , 1946 , as a commercial artist in the advertising department . (Filtered Words: 0)
World production of about 1 million tons is divided primarily between Africa ( 63 percent ) and South America ( 27 percent ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am certainly not adequately trained to describe or enlarge on human fears , but there are certain features of the fears dispelled by scientific explanations that stand out quite clearly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though in civil rights legislation in 1957 and 1960 the provision for the Attorney General to act was eliminated , should we nevertheless support such a clause ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If one follows the reports of the Congress , one finds that there still seems considerable uncertainty in the minds of the leaders themselves about what exactly to do in this matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
And both in their objectives of non-discrimination and of social progress they have had ranged against them the Southerners who are called Bourbons . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was in `` hysterical condition '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Remaking an army to win (Filtered Words: 0)
It slashed the sloping manure-scented lawns with concrete steps which climbed upward to white wooden porches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fixed monthly allowances are reimbursements for the same purpose except on a non-itemized basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Extension of the ADC program to all children in need living with any relatives , including both parents , as a means of preserving family unity . (Filtered Words: 0)
But worth waiting for . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe TV watchers will be bored . (Filtered Words: 0)
The historical sign tells its story , but nothing gets interest across as well as some of the original historical items or places themselves which still have the character of the period covered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carey Singles (Filtered Words: 0)
Actively modernizing societies (Filtered Words: 0)
A Junior who won two or more wins in the Open Class was eligible . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wrote : (Filtered Words: 0)
didn't answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Iliad has two words for the shield , ASPIS and SAKOS . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this one sentence , he unwittingly revealed the basic philosophy of the nutrition and psychological programs in operation at the school . (Filtered Words: 0)
Got it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did you tell him all this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Could it just be , Theresa wondered , that [FILTERED] had understood only too well , and that George all along was extraordinary only in the degree to which he was dull ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] said happily , `` I've got it all worked out , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] fixed us each another drink , and said , `` For God's sake , tell me something truly amusing '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
They are included in all types of mathematical handbooks and they are stamped on some types of precision measuring instruments . (Filtered Words: 0)
She snapped . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the more seriously wounded was [FILTERED] , the young officer bucking for the Regular Army . (Filtered Words: 1)
The [FILTERED] Quartet ( Angel ) and [FILTERED] ( RCA Victor ) editions give us superlative string playing ( both in symphonic style ) crippled by unimaginative piano playing . (Filtered Words: 2)
The statistics hardly indicated that the Pirates needed extra batting practice , but [FILTERED] also turned his men loose at Busch Stadium yesterday . (Filtered Words: 1)
Three of these only were protected from us by stern commandment : the roses , whose petals might not be collected until they had fallen , to be made into perfume or rose-tea to drink ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Often he was terribly despondent and talked to no one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pictures can be taken in the public areas and when on tours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the ruddiness was gone from his face and he stared at Ramey . (Filtered Words: 0)
So he kissed her . (Filtered Words: 0)
indeed , it was probably to Mr. [FILTERED]'s advantage to have Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] alive . (Filtered Words: 2)
Out of compulsion to say something cheery , [FILTERED] Prime blurted , `` Well , we were lucky to be on soft ground when the first floodheads hit . (Filtered Words: 1)
And sensitivity '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can do likewise though Christ is not bodily present . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unless I'm crazy as hell , they're two of Painter's dicks . (Filtered Words: 0)
That added traffic means rising streams of dimes and quarters at toll gates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rev didn't need to break the wax seal , read the contract and find out . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in maneuvers , with the top brass watching him all the time , it's easy . (Filtered Words: 0)
This agreement is considered very good for such short time intervals . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , production machinery must in many cases be designed to handle with equal efficiency both natural fibers and the increasing number of synthetics , as well as blends . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ludie chewed roofer's tar . (Filtered Words: 0)
A terrible chill swept through the grove . (Filtered Words: 0)
In repeated sets of five shots his numbers of bull's-eyes vary . (Filtered Words: 0)
I must , in fairness , take issue with his premise , primarily because the so-called scandals in labor unions were very much connected with business scandals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe you know him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is one of the few men in history who plays jazz on a violin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Materials : (Filtered Words: 0)
He was in and out of Mount Alto Hospital for veterans any number of times . (Filtered Words: 0)
Properties (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dirion found a large war party south of us . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was possible to maintain aerobic conditions in the pond by regular additions of sodium nitrate until the temperature decreased and the algae population changed from blue-green to green algae . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over all these fairly awkward problems Khrushchev was to skate rather lightly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It sounded silly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As an example of this last facet , there were some lengthy discussions centered around bereavement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deegan dropped , got up , turned and , holding the bat with both hands up against his chest , began to walk slowly out to the mound . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the equivalent of 8 per cent for an unmarried investor with more than $16,000 of income to be taxed , or for a married couple with more than $32,000 of taxed income . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first shrill ring of the telephone brought [FILTERED] out into the hall . (Filtered Words: 1)
Roberta and [FILTERED] began to back toward the door . (Filtered Words: 1)
Creighton Hague sat in his office above the Ione pit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you know where it might have gone '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
By 3:00 A.M. they reached his house and found it vacant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is less than its minimum ( base ) allotment , and if so raise its unadjusted allotment to its minimum allotment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeds grown for industrial uses hold a relatively minor position . (Filtered Words: 0)
The infant , in white terry-cloth bathrobe , her face intense and purposeful , had essayed a few wobbly steps toward her father . (Filtered Words: 0)
The origin of this sayin' was credited to a saloonkeeper by the name of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
No auto maker would dream of putting the head on the engine before he fitted the pistons in the block . (Filtered Words: 0)
How did one join them ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Their cost is not beyond the hopes of the American pocketbook , the range being about $150 to $1,000 , depending on size . (Filtered Words: 0)
The State Department was little help on this , or on much else about Saudi Arabia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Opinion is less individual or runs more into masses , and often rules with a rod of iron '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
During much of the fifteen-mile ride they had watched a lurid display of lightning in the sky to the east . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unions stress fringe benefits , but the individual hourly worker prefers cash every time . (Filtered Words: 0)
He and [FILTERED] tied and gagged the man , using his belt and shirt for the purpose . (Filtered Words: 1)
Tactics studied in Geneva (Filtered Words: 0)
This theme comes to represent the outer world , the realm of battles and banquets -- seen from a distance , quite distinct from the quieter spiritual life in the monastery . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the most endearing of Lao ceremonies . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has thus been a significant factor in the conservation of social values , though also in some measure , an obstacle to the creation or diffusion of new ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was doing thirty years , and the Navy would take care of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , the interest of past members of the Foundation's Advisory Board remains such that they place their knowledge and judgments at our disposal much as they had done when they were , formally , members of that Board . (Filtered Words: 0)
) , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] were honored in odd quarters , and the whole Booth Tarkington , [FILTERED] ( sic ) , ) [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] atmosphere lay thick as Los Angeles smog (Filtered Words: 7)
Clean the place up . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Anything wrong , cap'n ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Haying time was close at hand , and they needed some strong branches to repair a hay rack . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And next year we will do -- also a Ford commission -- a piano concerto by [FILTERED] , with [FILTERED] as soloist . (Filtered Words: 2)
He spoke soothingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
She showed no interest at all in the life he had led back home , and it hurt him a little . (Filtered Words: 0)
The apostolic community was literally an elite : chosen by Christ himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Big Stone Lake near the headwaters of the Red River , [FILTERED] , Superintendent of the Western Indian Department of Canada , had a trading post and planned in 1818 to build a fort to be defended by twenty men and two small artillery pieces . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hanch was treasurer of the Nordyke & Marmon Company , an Indianapolis firm which had manufactured flour-milling machinery before producing the Marmon car in 1904 . (Filtered Words: 0)
You've got blood on your cheek . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any given period piece the costumes , bric-a-brac , vehicles , and decor , bear the stamp of unimpeachable authenticity . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knows your signals , what is expected of him and the way the Class is conducted , right up through the flash-bulbs of the photographers '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There wasn't much light in the blue dark , but I could see her well . (Filtered Words: 0)
The moment passes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those little children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Put this man and woman asunder '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Active groups sponsored by the organization include the Saddle Club , Orchesis , Golf Club , Tennis Club , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Who says so '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the relatively wild conditions still found in tropical South America might be responsible . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the reason this could happen is clear : men of government , business men , lawyers and all who concerned themselves with the welfare of their fellow men did not let their concern to run their businesses at a profit restrict the development of freedom and opportunity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Green lumber was all very well back in the days of wet plaster , when the framing lumber was bound to swell and then shrink as tons of water dried out the gypsum . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of the corner of his eye , he watched his wingman move out a bit and shoot up with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
You hate me , you hate my guts , because I like to hunt . (Filtered Words: 0)
they danced on the sand till your blood got hot and danced with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mills was timed in 1.10.4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were always denied . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were a little late in getting home . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , however , has created yet another problem for himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
They offer exceptional design freedom , making it possible to incorporate contours and details which give free range to the talents of the designer . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] spoke to her . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some tore entirely through the whipsawed post oak . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frowning , [FILTERED] studied the list . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is , to begin , an important sex difference . (Filtered Words: 0)
when the management brought around champagne , the breakfast settled its whirling around in his stomach . (Filtered Words: 0)
I returned to the hall , despite my dislike for the clerk . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only is Mr. [FILTERED] a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , but he is the grandson of the man who was instrumental in opening relations between the United States and Korea , Frederick T. [FILTERED] , Secretary of State in the administration of Chester A. Arthur . (Filtered Words: 2)
Charlayne studied journalism at Detroit's Wayne State University . (Filtered Words: 0)
Come home right away '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The poet was by definition a realist , his imaginings and parables being natural organizations of reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was to get involved in no arguments ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll do as you say , but I'll also play a provisional ball and get a ruling '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , groups regularly canoe down the Connecticut River . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the day to canvass for infectious hepatitis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Continuing deficits of anything like this magnitude would , over time , impair our own economic growth and check the forward progress of the Free World . (Filtered Words: 0)
With our company of soldiers , we made one long column of reddish dust . (Filtered Words: 0)
It comes to you that probably he did feel that way to let you use him like you did when you couldn't have [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
His prescription : hot and cold compresses to increase her absorption of water . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Island folk have their living almost entirely from summer visitors ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But ideas , just for the sake of having them , are not enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
This permits the juices to permeate the meat during cooking . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was down on Seven , [FILTERED] told me , and he'd meet us there . (Filtered Words: 2)
It had been five days too late before he learned that she'd gone through the wedding ceremony in a semitrance of laudanum , administered by her mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who's that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is truly odd and ironic that the most handsome and impressive film yet made from Miguel De Cervantes' `` Don Quixote '' is the brilliant Russian spectacle , done in wide screen and color , which opened yesterday at the Fifty-fifth Street and Sixty-eighth Street Playhouses . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Protestant woman marveled to me over the large crowds going in and out of the Birmingham Oratory ( Catholic ) Church on Sunday mornings . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the character flying that thing had gone over San Clemente Island yesterday he would have had an eyeful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why should I be spinning just because the goddamn log is spinning ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] knew of course that the tale to be unfolded would involve a girl and probably be dirty , because girls were [FILTERED]' only apparent interest . (Filtered Words: 2)
Or in more Freudian terms , the experience may serve to sublimate our destructive urges and strengthen the ego and superego . (Filtered Words: 0)
Af bond in Af (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] , world-famous theologian and medical missionary , has endorsed an Easter March for Disarmament which begins tomorrow in Sunnyvale . (Filtered Words: 1)
With all that warm rain and the fog it might have been as simple as a loosened rock , a misstep . (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic difference between the continuous cutting mechanism and that of the chipping mechanism is that instead of shear occurring in the coating ahead of the knife continuously without fracture , rupture intermittently occurs along the shear plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the obverse of triviality , shallowness , emotional anaesthesia . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than that , [FILTERED] is the very living symbol of an iron-clad integrity so powerful in his nature and so constantly demonstrated that he can count some of his best friends in the opposition . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is a historian , with the great merit of a historian's long view . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though she did not then know its name , this strange new fruit was a banana . (Filtered Words: 0)
I thought , you little brute , you nasty , selfish , little beast , with brutality already developed within that brain and in those eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Seems like we're never going to see eye to eye , Lieutenant . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
But cooperation and understanding between local officials and the citizenry help lessen this problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over-chilling is an accepted method for covering up the faults of many a cheap or poor white wine , especially a dry wine -- and certainly less of a crime than serving a wine at a temperature which reveals it as unattractive . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few weeks ago , I read in the Bulletin that there were to be given Chinese classes in [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Certain pianistic traits are common to all five Schnabelian renditions , most notably the `` Schnabel trill '' ( which differs from the conventional trill in that the two notes are struck simultaneously ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The model of this paper considers an industry which is not characterized by vigorous price competition , but which is so basic that its wage-price policies are held in check by continuous critical public scrutiny . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet he is right when he claims in his autobiography that he drew the real features of the man , his tender and selfless motives and his rugged fearless strength . (Filtered Words: 0)
size and shape (Filtered Words: 0)
`` bout takin his place '' He listened , waited , nothing happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
The molecular forces holding the coating to the substrate are obviously greater than the cohesive strength of the coating and failure occurs by shear along a plane starting at the tip of the knife and extending to the coating surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
the clay he used plastically to suggest soft moving flesh , as in an abdomen , in a reclining torso ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
White people hold the line as long as they can , and in as many ways as they can , from verbal intimidation to physical violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never let anyone not in the know take a turn at the valves -- even if the little boys do want to play space ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
We would attend a film and , later on , I stated , we might go to the Mayflower Coffee Shop or Child's or Toffenetti's for waffles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to exceed such twelve-year period , the Secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder , or as may otherwise be directed by Act of Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
The chaplain married them , on the next day . (Filtered Words: 0)
She charged off to the bedrooms . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ponies were almost uncontrollable . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Schnabel was a great teacher in addition to being a great performer , and the fact that four of the ten versions I listened to are by Schnabel pupils ( [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] ) also sheds light on the master's pedagogical skills . (Filtered Words: 4)
It is a question which New Englanders long ago put out of their minds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before you use 'em the light company's got to run in a heavy line and you'll need a new fuse box for the extra circuits . (Filtered Words: 0)
The policeman walked on , but he looked back once . (Filtered Words: 0)
This dish much resembles the oysters Rockefeller made famous by Antoine's in New Orleans , though the Palace chef announced it as a variant of [FILTERED]'s roast oysters . (Filtered Words: 1)
The demands were set forth in letters to seven owners of first-run theaters by the Committee on Appeal for Human Rights . (Filtered Words: 0)
A mirror is mounted on each accelerometer so that the plane of the mirror is perpendicular to the sensitive axis of the unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't say what would cure him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Part 2 , contains determinative tables for the identification of crystalline substances . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] doubted if this happy event would occur . (Filtered Words: 1)
He turned from the phone and strode to the front of the restaurant . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Grands Crus are expensive , and even doting palates tire of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence C' is a Af curve on Q . (Filtered Words: 0)
There also came a brief contretemps with the sound mixers who made the mistake of being overheard during a quiet moment near the conclusion of `` Do It Again '' , and she made the tart observation that `` I never saw so much moving about in an audience '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
An ace of spades . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` -- one word of this gets to Guardino '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
The cold settled like a tangible pall over the Mile High City , locking it in an icy grip that harshened its outlines and altered its physical appearance ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But if you don't know the place like the palm of your hand , you'd better use a compass and the speedometer . (Filtered Words: 0)
( I ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Shocked at the response to our proclamations , we grow more defensive , and worse , we lose our sense of humor and proportion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Mahayana that developed in the north was a religion of idolatry and coarse magic , that made the world into a huge magical garden . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their plan for rotation of leaders promised a salutary blow at `` bureaucracy '' and would enable `` the people '' to take a more direct and active part in running the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I told you what Miss [FILTERED]'s doctor said '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
By no means would we discourage the production of ideas : they provide raw materials with which to work ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But over and beyond the compelling need for a binding precedent decision , I am convinced that the decisions of the Superior Courts which in effect nullify the Secretary's Regulation are not a correct interpretation of the Secretary's power under the Federal law . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rule of economic integration in congregational life can be seen in the missionary outreach of the major denominations . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is however no point in speculating about such a possibility : the fact of the matter is that our institutions of higher learning owe their existence to a spirit not unlike that which produces the `` family business '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some faculty members and many administrators oppose faculty review groups because they either repeat department's actions or act pro forma . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before the accelerometers are mounted on the platform , the direction of their sensitive axis must be accurately determined . (Filtered Words: 0)
His English was usable and he used it fearlessly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It must be awfully good for them . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the demise of the A.L.A.M. , the time was propitious for establishing such a pool . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But where is the leader who will handle all these things for us '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can manage '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The existing plant growth calls for thorough checking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only -- only -- her thoughts were a little strange . (Filtered Words: 0)
Funds may be readily donated for some purposes but not others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Emotional characteristics (Filtered Words: 0)
A refrigerated item could also be heated and served in less time than is required for frozen foods of the same type . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although he incited a few friendly Indians to pillage the invaders , and even kill some of them , the Carolina advance continued . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like [FILTERED] , I can't see something like this happening to me . (Filtered Words: 1)
A terrible chill swept through the grove . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , his only disciple -- the only person to imitate his style -- was [FILTERED] , who seems to have imitated him without much understanding , and who has since moved on to other methods . (Filtered Words: 1)
A . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was his only sanctuary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ierulli , 29 , has been practicing in Portland since November , 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later accounts blamed defective wiring for starting the fire ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As she was rather tired this evening , her simple `` Thank you for the use of your bath '' -- when she sat down opposite him -- spoken in a low voice , came across with coolnesses of intelligence and control . (Filtered Words: 0)
If death receives more than its share of attention from the theologian and if sin receives less than its share , the gift of the life eternal through Christ begins to look like the divinely appointed means of rescue from temporal , i.e. , created , existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
He enjoyed the killing . (Filtered Words: 0)
So much for the prototype . (Filtered Words: 0)
Makes for confusion and congestion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among these questions : what would a Cuba blockade take ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Council we now know will concern itself directly only with the internal affairs of the Church . (Filtered Words: 0)
Catch for Chicago (Filtered Words: 0)
If he wanted to know anything , he would end up asking about it point-blank , but in this guileless manner he would probably receive more truthful answers than if he tried to get them by indirection . (Filtered Words: 0)
Labor remained a commodity -- but presumably a privileged one granted immunization from the anti-trust laws . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You don't have to tell me '' , flashed Cobb . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't let your mechanics pull the thermostats out of those fueloil delivery trucks or installation rigs of yours . (Filtered Words: 0)
His comrades were all dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , Blue Cross coverage for all employees and their dependents was extended to provide the full cost of semi-private hospital accommodations . (Filtered Words: 0)
This increase in the `` threshold '' , as the conventional forces strengthening is called , will prove one of the alliance's most difficult problems in the months to come . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her statement certainly was true ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
everything was glamorous to my dazzled eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where to put it (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not there '' , he said , getting back onto his horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
It sowered ( on ) my stomack and turn loose on me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In China , the magical system par excellence was Taoism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some students from the University returned around six with a large pot containing enough hot soup to last me a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tells of three men who started out on a trip across a single paddock , a ten-by-ten-mile square owned by a sheep grazer . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , 25 , was seized March 20 with four Cubans and accused of trying to land a boatload of rifles in [FILTERED] , about 35 miles from Havana . (Filtered Words: 2)
The progress of science over these last few centuries and the gradual replacement of Biblical by scientific categories of reality have to a large extent emptied the spirit world of the entities which previously populated it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also admitted killing Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
We spend millions of dollars every year on fortune tellers and soothsayers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some even boast two pools , one for adults and one for children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why they keep coming (Filtered Words: 0)
At times , clumps of 10 to 15 closely-packed nuclei were also observed . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were slowing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make a 90 degree straight for shore '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mickie laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
and there persists the dual problem of maintaining operational unity around a national program of modernization while simultaneously decentralizing participation in the program to wider and wider groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
Movies (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought again of her children , those two who had died young , before the later science which might have saved them could attach even a label to their separate malignancies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , unexpectedly rapid progress or a technological break-through on any one weapon system , in itself , often diminishes the relative importance of other competitive systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted to turn them , putting the wagon against the storm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes it was dangerous for her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dromozoa kept him alive , but he did not know how they did it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The percentage of Federal participation in such costs for any State is referred to in the law as that State's `` Federal share '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
My comments must be briefer than the papers deserve . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's getting plenty of rest '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
So he wound up with a dozen . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Command technique invites you to listen to the depth of the orchestration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any example of grand or exquisite diction may have been created by the poet who compiled numerous lays into the two works we possess or may be due to one of his completely unknown fellow-craftsmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Admiralty law , the law merchant , and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws . (Filtered Words: 0)
The officer demanded the names of the injured men ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the stage at which democratic developments must take place if the society is to become an open community of creative people . (Filtered Words: 0)
He picked up the powder canister and ran out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where was the driver now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The State Department tacitly rejected the neutral Laos idea after the Geneva conference of 1954 , and last year Washington backed the rightist coup that ousted neutral Premier [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The steeple leaned backward , while the church advanced like a headless creature in a long , shapeless coat . (Filtered Words: 0)
The local law here would hold me till they check clear back home , and maybe more than that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exports from producing countries in terms of equivalent oil were a little more than 1 million tons , about half of which was palm kernels or oil from them and about half was palm oil . (Filtered Words: 0)
To qualify for either type of loan , an applicant must be a small business or approved small business `` pool '' and must meet certain credit requirements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Police theorize that a combination of dope , drink and drugs killed her . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then , as they become aware that they have reached the end of their patience , what do they , to their dismay , learn for the first time about themselves ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This so infuriated [FILTERED] that he spun around and said : `` I'll get that little bastard . (Filtered Words: 1)
Somebody with no vices . (Filtered Words: 0)
This effect can give rise to a blanket of micrometeorites around the Earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Complexity of complete marketing planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no limit to what you can spend , yet it is easily possible to keep within a set budget . (Filtered Words: 0)
An early film by a competitor of the Wizard of Menlo Park simply showed a long kiss performed by two actors of the contemporary stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
She would have said triumph . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the rate of projection ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Pope Pius 12 , declared in 1951 that it is possible to be exempt from the normal obligation of parenthood for a long time and even for the whole duration of married life , if there are serious reasons , such as those often mentioned in the so-called medical , eugenic , economic and social `` indications '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the entire state Democratic hierarchy , from Gov. [FILTERED] on down to the county chairmen , also participates in this huge operation . (Filtered Words: 1)
I had planned to go to the hotel by taxi and sleep a little , after which Mr. [FILTERED] would arrive and pilot me around . (Filtered Words: 1)
We decided to leave the third one intact for tomorrow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conceivably the submarine defense problem can be solved by sufficient forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Founded in the Ninth Century B.C. it was called Byzantium 200 years later when Byzas , ruler of the Megarians , expanded the settlement and named it after himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Get Happy , junior '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
We did our job , Mr. [FILTERED] and Mr. [FILTERED] and myself , taking evidence from a number of people '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her bright eyes were twinkling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nogaret is hardly an impartial witness , and even he did not make his charges against [FILTERED] until the latter was dead , but there is some truth in what he said and more in what he did not say . (Filtered Words: 1)
Every dream , and this is true of a mental image of any type even though it may be readily interpreted into its equivalent of wakeful thought , is a psychic phenomenon for which no explanation is available . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't close in your house until everything has been carried in . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No more today . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pressure for our entry to the Common Market is mounting and we will proceed towards this amalgamated trade union by way of a purely `` economic thoroughfare '' , or garden path , with the political ramifications kept neatly in the background . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked at Gilborn with undisguised curiosity . (Filtered Words: 0)
She glanced at the man nodding beside her , a man with weather cracks furrowed into his lean cheeks , with powdery pale eyes reflecting all the droughts he had seen , reflecting the sky and the drought which must follow now in August -- yes , with eyes predicting the drought and here it was only June , only festival time again and thoughts of [FILTERED] would not leave her . (Filtered Words: 1)
They were running from something . (Filtered Words: 0)
More word class ratios determined in more languages will no doubt ultimately answer the question . (Filtered Words: 0)
how little we know of what there is to be known is made humiliatingly clear by Mr. [FILTERED] in `` The Making Of The President 1960 '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In steering the family toward ego-adaptive and away from maladaptive responses , the worker uses time-honored focused casework techniques of specific emotional support , clarification , and anticipatory guidance . (Filtered Words: 0)
She also mentioned leaving a little bunch of flowers at the bust of Lauro Di Bosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Working for peace (Filtered Words: 0)
They were always denied . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her scream split up the silence of the car , accompanied by the rattling of the freight , and then Cappy came off the floor , his legs driving him hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , on a desk , is a stack of pamphlets representing the efforts of some of the best men of the day to penetrate these questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
A military organization has an objective chosen by the higher command . (Filtered Words: 0)
She hadn't seen him since . (Filtered Words: 0)
It did not . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had dared to defy nature , to turn his back to the Lorelei , and he was punished . (Filtered Words: 0)
Published literature . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wondered if he might bag a tourist , but they looked frightened of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
All day long Mr. [FILTERED] , who was a straw-hat man in the summer , had worn the feather in the band of his broad-brimmed sunshield . (Filtered Words: 1)
Battery life limited the use of this `` pill '' to about 8 to 30 hours maximum . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a shortage of salesmen today . (Filtered Words: 0)
Didn't they tell you what I wanted the p. a. system for '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Lucien have gone after them . (Filtered Words: 1)
Poet would escape , [FILTERED] thought grimly , because he wore the apparatus which would keep him alive under water . (Filtered Words: 1)
Spread article on flat surface to required width before measuring length at center . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll see you Wednesday . (Filtered Words: 0)
The waters lay muddy but placid , without a ripple of movement against the wheels ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's she doing in this bunch '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We were there at a moment when the situation in Laos threatened to ignite another war among the world's giants . (Filtered Words: 0)
Allied Arts Corporation first listed the Chicago dates as Dec. 4 thru 10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Captain [FILTERED] of Salem had visited Burma in 1793 his ship , the Astra , had been promptly commandeered and taken by her captors up the Irrawaddy River . (Filtered Words: 1)
After paying tribute to the conductor and his white-clad youthful students , President [FILTERED] said , `` As an American I have the greatest possible pride in the work that is being done in dozens of schools stretching across the United States -- schools where devoted teachers are studying with interested young men and women and opening up the whole wide horizon of serious music '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` How about Bridget Sullivan '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Many buildings (Filtered Words: 0)
Do something '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Left in their previous atom-like smallness , they would have cut away too abruptly into depth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The novel , which is not merely dystopian but also brilliantly satiric , describes a future America where one-sixteenth of the population , the men who run advertising agencies and big corporations , control the rest of the people , the submerged fifteen-sixteenths who are the workers and consumers , with the government being no more than `` a clearing house for pressures '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Marine dealers and even some manufacturers who sell direct in non-dealer areas cooperate in enabling you to launch now and pay later . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scientists who agitate hardest for technical recognition are often the most reluctant to accept it . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had heard about it the night before at her hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
at some stage in their evolution they were transcribed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pain became thus the symbol for food and elicited salivary secretion ( conditioned reflex ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes there weren't even any seats . (Filtered Words: 0)
It lies in institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Economic analysis was never [FILTERED]'s strong point and the England of the industrial transformation cries out for economic analysis . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her hat had come off and fallen behind her shoulders , held by the string , and he could see her face more clearly than he had at any time before . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] in the introduction and notes to his splendid edition of [FILTERED] voiced some early doubts concerning the `` elaborate superstructure '' they raised up over the slim foundations afforded by the traditional narratives of the conquest . (Filtered Words: 2)
In any instance , you should determine the exposure according to the type of light which falls on most of the subject area . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
For his part , Thompson had explained in a previous letter that there would be nothing but an honorable friendship between [FILTERED] and himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
His breakfast was tea ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Suvorov saw in these scimitar-wielding skirmishers not demographic units but military men of a high potential . (Filtered Words: 0)
I did book jackets and covers for paperback reprints : naked girls huddling in corners of dingy furnished rooms while at the doorway , daring the cops to take him , is the guy in shirt sleeves clutching a revolver . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Arrangements for a statewide pre-primary endorsing convention in Fresno next Jan. 26-28 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unless God expected a man to believe the Holy Scriptures , why had He given them to him ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Each year millions of pounds of anise , caraway , mustard , celery , and coriander and the oils extracted from them are imported . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great black leopards . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't tell her the truth he now freely admitted to himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not realizing the seriousness of the wound , the besiegers warned that if he did not surrender the house would be burned down around him . (Filtered Words: 0)
enter into contracts with educational institutions , scientific organizations , and industrial and engineering firms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Shivering , people talked and argued ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Very slowly he maneuvered his rawboned bay gelding , edging closer , watching for a chance to throw , but ready to spin and run , rope whining about his head , horse edging tensely under him , but the gelding was obedient and responded and was not paralyzed by the close proximity of the lion . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , lacking money from commercial sponsors , the stations have had difficulties meeting expenses or improving their service . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so when the others stampeded out that afternoon [FILTERED] remained docilely in his seat near a window , looking out in what he hoped was a pitiable manner , while the other kids laughed and yelled in at him and made faces as they dispersed , going home . (Filtered Words: 1)
he hunts folklore for the very `` field and stream '' reasons that many persons hunt game ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The wide flippers on Poet's feet gave his legs incredible power , driving the two of them down into the water as they rolled over and over . (Filtered Words: 0)
These engines can be removed from a boat with relative ease , wherein lies their greatest advantage . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't catch a wink . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can we help children adjust to `` images of other children '' when the latter are not actually present . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is this a nut-house ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Some chaps that know an area well can make their way by landmarks , a tree here , a wash here , a boulder there . (Filtered Words: 0)
the halls were empty and they passed down the stairs to number nine and listened at the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although we continue to pay our conversational devotions to `` free private enterprise '' , `` individual initiative '' , `` the democratic way '' , `` government of the people '' , `` competition of the marketplace '' , etc. , we live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas , bureaucracy is corroding representative government , technology is weakening the citizen's confidence in his own power to make decisions , and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the ground '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( her first name was [FILTERED] ) was an attractive girl . (Filtered Words: 2)
Having completed our camera work , we started our climb . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the younger son of the distinguished rabbi , [FILTERED] , was a friendly , round-faced fellow with a little mustache , whose field was psychology , and who was also a punster and a jolly tease . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] comes looking for us ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The great black leopards . (Filtered Words: 0)
The report was : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
He got it onto his shoulder after some work and carried it outside and down to the Jeep . (Filtered Words: 0)
He grabbed her by the shoulders and went down on one knee , taking her weight so that some of the wind was driven out of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the end , however , the thing about this performance that is most striking is the way it sings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the thought of a cloudless sky made him shiver , and he glanced upward . (Filtered Words: 0)
One day he was visited by a delegation of would-be imitators who wanted to know his secret . (Filtered Words: 0)
Denials were of motions of dismissal , continuance , mistrial , separate trial , acquittal , striking of testimony and directed verdict . (Filtered Words: 0)
With completion of filling , net-like anastomoses were noted to be present between these separately derived branches . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Damned right '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
There never were two fames alike . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a few innings the Anniston team couldn't figure him out . (Filtered Words: 0)
I shuddered and backed out of the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mantle has kept the vow . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was an eagle . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] fretted . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some privately held inholdings are a source of direct damage to these Federal lands . (Filtered Words: 0)
The present company is a combination of several smaller ones that date back to 1834 . (Filtered Words: 0)
No poetry , no airplanes , no dancers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The more meaningful policies have been left to the judgment of the chief administrative officer of the state -- the Director of Administration . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a bitter satire for a future writer in that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , C' obviously meets any line Af in a single point . (Filtered Words: 0)
A low-power , `` carrier-current '' broadcasting station , KARL , heard only in the campus dormitories , is owned and operated by the students to provide an outlet for student dramatic , musical , literary , technical , and other talents , and to furnish information , music , and entertainment for campus listeners . (Filtered Words: 0)
Single-color use (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was not bored at all ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Another youth , Madame '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The problem grows in intensity each year as man's knowledge , and his capacity to translate such knowledge to the written word , continue to expand . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was very stimulating . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cowboy made a technical distinction in reference to the number of them animals . (Filtered Words: 0)
description of formula . (Filtered Words: 0)
During this precarious period of development the mother should continue to influence the growth of the child's conscience . (Filtered Words: 0)
In contrast to the nuclear changes described above , another change in muscle nuclei was seen , usually occurring in fibers that were somewhat smaller than normal but that showed distinct cross-striations and myofibrillae . (Filtered Words: 0)
Faith Constable had had to `` go on '' from the party and had , presumably , gone on . (Filtered Words: 0)
( J ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What with all those pretty girls around , they had a hard time '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At once he started to glance toward the instrument panel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within the narrow frame of military tactics , too , the experts agree that the campaign was brilliant . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made a sound of despair deep in his throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
I stalled him off . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the family business failed , [FILTERED] left school and on his mother's urging -- for she hoped that he would become an actor -- he joined a local little theater group . (Filtered Words: 1)
It should be American policy not only to encourage effective land reform programs but also to underline the relation of such reforms to the economic growth and modernization of the society . (Filtered Words: 0)
( However , there is little evidence that the late [FILTERED] was a Communist . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'm not steering you wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
His friend [FILTERED] was with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Damp also . (Filtered Words: 0)
Time is built into the motion picture , which cannot exist without time . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the entire eastern half of the nation they'd be coming , members of the Young Christians' League , and I'd been chosen to represent our chapter . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know how gossip of that sort spreads through an apartment building '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Lewis was a man who had made a full-time job of cow stealing . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'd also remember if the groom died later '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why don't you paint it red and white like a barber pole '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The kid '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Its dangerous effects have been downgraded to the public by some who believe national security requires further testing . (Filtered Words: 0)
But plain old bean soup , served daily since the turn of the century ( at the insistence of the late Sen. [FILTERED] of Idaho ) , made clear to the citizenry that the Senate's stomach was in the right place . (Filtered Words: 1)
Awkwardly with one hand Matsuo got the cap back on the water bottle . (Filtered Words: 0)
The raising of the $25,000 Improvement Fund two days before the time limit expired , and the spontaneous `` praise demonstration '' held afterward on the campus , were reported as events which had brought happiness to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I suppose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out cold , if not dead ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On the morning following the Pratt Hall meeting the editor of the Providence Daily Journal wrote that although the meeting was milder and less extreme than those held in other areas for similar purposes , it could have been avoided completely . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is true that this distinction between style and idea often approaches the arbitrary since in the end we must admit that style and content frequently influence or interpenetrate one another and sometimes appear as expressions of the same insight . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wrote : (Filtered Words: 0)
As it was , while Central wrangled among itself , [FILTERED] sneaked out of the pilots' barracks , out to the field and over to Helva's slim metal hull . (Filtered Words: 1)
The whole thing , from the moment when they jumped heavily off the trucks , spread out and moved into position just behind the cover of that slight rise of ground and then jumped off , took maybe between twenty and thirty minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here are two old men , mad at each other and too proud to pick up the phone '' , said a House Democratic leader . (Filtered Words: 0)
Use audio-visual aids . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , a balance must be effected among project finance , utilization of agricultural surpluses , and general balance of payments support . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was grateful for their insight into my need for this experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Federal program of vocational education merely provides financial aid to encourage the establishment of vocational education programs in public schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
L'Institut pour La Recherche Scientifique En Afrique Centrale ( IRSAC ) has sponsored well-designed field investigations and has cooperated closely with the government of Ruanda-Urundi in the development of its official statistics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Operation and maintenance . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are about 3,325 officers and employees in this class . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I didn't think it was necessary '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I meant it . (Filtered Words: 0)
By leaving me everything he wouldn't be doing me a favor , my father told him , and he didn't want to see his daughter involved in a lawsuit . (Filtered Words: 0)
He smiled , but now that he knew where the elder [FILTERED] was , he did not intend to go . (Filtered Words: 1)
The greenhouses alone cover 3-1/2 acres . (Filtered Words: 0)
God withheld His wrath . (Filtered Words: 0)
The anaconda proves to be the fly in the ointment , but the reason for this is not clear ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Alec gave him a tip and let him go . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inhibition of the enzyme by very low concentrations of lanthanum ion is probably the strongest known biological effect of rare earth salts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mayor visits Buckley (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of the suggested systems seem to have only the most tenuous relationship to the language structures that they purport to represent . (Filtered Words: 0)
You could think yourself as grown up as Methuselah , yet the maternal voice still kept its comforting magic . (Filtered Words: 0)
yet he did not stop being human as a result . (Filtered Words: 0)
And think , if we all knew this secret and we could pool our power , what a wonderful public utility company we would make . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My father and mother died when I was two years old '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
And wherever the new thruways go up their banks are lined by neat glass and metal and colored brick light industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outcome of the experiment is X successes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clerfayt is neurotic , preoccupied , and passive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reactionary theories , for this reason , usually assume some form of organismic theory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hot hibachi franks (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1954 I was drafted and after serving two years honorably on Active Duty I was not required to participate in any further Army Reserve activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reduction of hazardous fuel conditions to minimize the chances of large fires developing and spreading to high-value areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
One might , indeed , argue that the history of ideas , in so far as it includes the literatures , must center on characterizations of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in fashioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
The division is not between those who wish to preserve what they have and those who want change . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hung up with a bang , annoyed at himself for running off at the mouth like that but still terribly concerned with the situation he had helped to create . (Filtered Words: 0)
This organizational network would be of no avail if there were no regulations pertaining to the types of message sent . (Filtered Words: 0)
She says the children miss you . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had advised friends to write me to `` No Man's Land , Pont Kehl , Between Strasbourg and Kehl , France-Germany '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When we repeat the remark that such suffering was a bad thing , the feeling with which we made it last week may be at or near the vanishing point , but if we were asked whether we meant to say what we did before , we should certainly answer Yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Knead on lightly floured board and roll out to form a Af-inch rectangle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dancers do have flexibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] smiled . (Filtered Words: 1)
The great detective modestly agrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was an enormously long building whose walls were made of rocks , some of them brought home from every continent during his six years as an oil geologist . (Filtered Words: 0)
He put everything he had into the next and aimed down where the stomach ought to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Erected on the site of pagan temples and three previous St. Sophias , the first of which was begun by [FILTERED] , this fourth church was started by Justinian in 532 and completed twenty years later . (Filtered Words: 1)
( Even granted that the Congo should be unified , you don't protect Western security by first removing the pro-Western weight from the power equilibrium . (Filtered Words: 0)
The writer sensed a much freer and more frank discussion , especially of this one area , than ever before . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s demand for a troika is dormant , not dead ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
This is very uncommon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is especially in evidence among the present generation of the suburban middle class . (Filtered Words: 0)
I will make him distributor for all of Florida -- a big market . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This coat looks like a rag heap '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It happens that I am a legislator from Ohio and that I feel deeply about the needs , the aspirations , the interests of my district and my State . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` About five miles north of the line '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , he was indeed a saint now . (Filtered Words: 0)
An over-all concept would have other advantages . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had shut his door with the brass number screwed to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
His old self . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , it was learned the State Highway Department is very near being ready to issue the first $30 million worth of highway reconstruction bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So that the man should not have thoughts of grandeur , and become lifted up , as if he had no lord , because of the dominion that had been given to him , and the freedom , fall into sin against God his Creator , overstepping his bounds , and take up an attitude of self-conceited arrogance towards God , a law was given him by God , that he might know that he had for lord the lord of all . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the town surveyor , [FILTERED] learned drawing and mathematics and , from a university student , some academic subjects . (Filtered Words: 1)
There his vote , along with those of Chairman [FILTERED] , the courtly Virginia judge , and the four Republican members , could and often did produce a 6-6 deadlock that blocked far-out , Democratic-sponsored welfare legislation ( a tactic often acceptable to the Rayburn-Johnson congressional leadership to avoid embarrassing votes ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] took off one shoe and stared at it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Instead of the usual straggling privet hedges and patches of bare dirt in most small-town squares , the building was hemmed in by a semitropical growth of camellias and azaleas and a smooth lawn the improbably bright-green shade of florist's grass . (Filtered Words: 0)
Time elapsed but the doctor was obviously unconscious of its passage until an unwelcome knock on the door interrupted the processes of nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
Liberated Europe (Filtered Words: 0)
Once we send out the whole pie , they can put their pieces into it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do your employees understand all the benefits to which your insurance entitles them ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They had suffered , in sulky silence , the sight of his sharp practice in Cicero . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under normal circumstances [FILTERED] was a little fussy when people told him what to do with pictures he had taken . (Filtered Words: 1)
It seemed to her , as it seemed each night , that the gloom drew itself in and became densest at the table's empty chairs , giving her the frequent illusion that she dined with shadows . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's play with 'em '' , [FILTERED] said , rising from where he sat on the ground and dusting off his overall pants . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then the figure moved on . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
use slip to join scored ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was the suggestion of ice water , and -- in spite of the protest `` We're not really thirsty '' -- [FILTERED] , to escape the stuffy air and the smothering soft voices , hurried to the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Evil , man , evil '' , he said , and that's all he said for the rest of the night . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , if you please -- the ' Cradle Song ' '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rectangular tiles (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
A trap for throwing these miniature clays fastens to the barrel so that the shooter can throw his own targets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stevie whistled when he passed these alien grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vigorous acid hydrolysis of metabolite 1 , destroyed the biological activity of the compound and liberated two aryl amines . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I suppose because it saves them some loss of body water . (Filtered Words: 0)
He even hunted elephant , although the Asian elephant is not quite as ferocious as his African cousin . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Transparent look , waxy skin -- could well be uremia '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is with this vow jazz '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm just a poor ex-jazz man , name of -- uh -- [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But in so many other areas we still are dragging . (Filtered Words: 0)
We find it in Plato's Republic , and in Utopia More acknowledges his debt to that book . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almonds and pistachio nuts are not so high in oil but are rich in protein . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish he was with me now , she thought , and that we were both the ages we are and doing what was once only pretense and acute embarrassment . (Filtered Words: 0)
An inmate , a former university professor , expounded to us , logically and clearly , that someone was pilfering his thoughts . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the nickname never stuck and Gehrig was no match for [FILTERED] in `` color '' -- which is sometimes a polite word for delinquent behavior on and off the field . (Filtered Words: 1)
He wore his white shirt open at the neck , revealing a bit of scrawny pale chest underneath . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was apparent that [FILTERED] was in cahoots with [FILTERED] and would use his power as D.A. to drag every possible sensation into the case . (Filtered Words: 2)
The fight over the Warwick School Committee's appointment of a coordinator of audio-visual education may go to the state Supreme Court , it appeared last night . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter by what name cattle were called , there was no denyin' that they not only saved Texas from financial ruin , but went far toward redeemin' from a wilderness vast territories of the Northwest . (Filtered Words: 0)
in the opening paragraph , too , [FILTERED] is accused of extreme egotism , of giving `` himself the preference to all the learned , his contemporaries , from Dr. [FILTERED] himself , even down to [FILTERED]--spe of the Customhouse '' . (Filtered Words: 3)
But he still showed no intention of sharing with the syndicate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Griffith said , `` That's impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED] realized , was her own woman . (Filtered Words: 2)
In sum , it can be said that the techniques and standards of present day have their origin at the turn of the century . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Painting isn't this big , you know . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reedy music of the frogs had faded , but presently it began again , growing in volume until it was vibrant . (Filtered Words: 0)
A program to fit your needs (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is a good man , hard working . (Filtered Words: 1)
How and why this process occurs would provide an interesting separate subject for study . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under unusual circumstances a resident individual may be granted an extension of time to file a return . (Filtered Words: 0)
We can escape from such a difficulty by ruling out the animal as not constituting a trial , but such a solution is not always satisfactory . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a very tempting offer . (Filtered Words: 0)
type 3 , , by the horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consulting Electrical Engineer , (Filtered Words: 0)
Music , of course , is not so explicit an art , but anybody who knew [FILTERED] knows that he felt much the same way about his own gift . (Filtered Words: 1)
Something in the back of his mind was aware that the magnificence of the plan lay in his faith , that the idea would work because he believed in it , since his courage and virility were involved , because it was truly his . (Filtered Words: 0)
If there is anything which we can do in the executive branch of the Government to speed up the processes by which we come to decisions on matters on which we must act promptly , that in itself would be a major contribution to the conduct of our affairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
( The same amount used in item 2 under Method Of Computing Allotments , above . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did not answer . (Filtered Words: 1)
You could not stand on dignity when you were soaked and muddied and your life was at stake . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is another of the modifications of policy on Laos that the [FILTERED] administration has felt compelled to make . (Filtered Words: 1)
Payne hacked at their arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
All sought the fruition of that nationalism in a Federal Government with substantial powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It omits , for example , practically the whole line of great nineteenth century English social critics , nearly all the great writers whose basic position is religious , and all those who are with more or less accuracy called Existentialists . (Filtered Words: 0)
To determine the rear axle gear ratio for a combination of the other three factors , the formula is : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're going to be a regular . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus we will have a society consisting of the planners or conditioners , and the controlled . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , perhaps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oversized monsters are never brought home either alive or preserved , and field measurements are obviously open to doubt because of the universal tendency to exaggerate dimensions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beyond the aesthetic and technical aspects of this expansion we must consider the change in pottery style on broader lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
A ripple ran through the muscles of his jaws , but he kept control upon his voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
A special presentation was made to Mrs. [FILTERED] of Red Bank , who is stepping down after 35 years on the committee . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now an abiding difficulty of paragraphs like the foregoing is that they appear to preach ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was perpetually engaged in a battle to command his own temper . (Filtered Words: 0)
the bringing together around it of the secret liaison between indolent , mindless sensuality and sharp , shrewd talent , cleverness with an occasional touch of genius ( which , however , does not know `` how to attack the problem of suffering '' ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But the information on the dynamics of population was often quite misleading . (Filtered Words: 0)
Altogether we found the craftsmanship first rate , especially [FILTERED]'s . (Filtered Words: 1)
the wax he smoothed over to give the body surface an elastic pull . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the well-fed U.S. , deficiency diseases have virtually vanished in the past 20 years . (Filtered Words: 0)
and when he woke up , his father was saying , `` Stop screaming , Quint . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What this amounts to , if true , is that there will be a free-for-all fight in this case . (Filtered Words: 0)
To insert markers : (Filtered Words: 0)
Greek boys and girls also go for rock-and-roll , and the stations most tuned to are those carrying United States overseas programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
U.S. `` prestige '' (Filtered Words: 0)
The man was busy doing something to the inside of the door-frame on the driver's side of a car . (Filtered Words: 0)
They dragged him inside the building . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See [FILTERED]. 7 . (Filtered Words: 1)
People depend less on seeds for foods in Australia , New Zealand , and Argentina , where extensive grazing lands support sheep or cattle , and the consumption of meat is high . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Much of the navy's future depends upon her '' , an American naval announcement said on the Skipjack's first arrival in British waters in August , 1959 , for exhibition to selected high officers at Portland underwater research station . (Filtered Words: 0)
The study of literature contributes to this control in a curious way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beside his shorts , he would place something of hers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We are Americans '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] had on a sort of Emperor Maximilian beard and mustache . (Filtered Words: 1)
In short order , the general history became his most popular work and has remained , aside from his later Social history , the work most widely favored by the public . (Filtered Words: 0)
The various team sports assuredly have their place in every school , and they are important to proper physical development . (Filtered Words: 0)
It ran two nights , and though it was generally praised , there was considerable criticism of its length . (Filtered Words: 0)
It gave [FILTERED] time to stagger to his feet . (Filtered Words: 1)
State Senator [FILTERED] ( D. , First Baltimore ) had a stroke yesterday while in his automobile in the 200 block of West Pratt Street . (Filtered Words: 1)
Most of our largest cities have one or more separate vocational or technical high schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
In virtually every case the transferor corporation is liquidated , and its former stockholders either own outright , or have a continuing stock interest in , the assets which gave rise to the tax . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some telephoned because he had done them a favor in the past . (Filtered Words: 0)
Activity by British traders and the presence of a colony on the Red prompted the United State War Department in 1819 to send Lieutenant-Colonel [FILTERED] from Detroit to put a post 300 miles northwest of [FILTERED] , until then the most advanced United States post . (Filtered Words: 2)
Moreover , she had physical as well as mental vigor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most commercial uses of urethane foams require densities between 2 and 30 lb. / cu. ft. for rigid foams , between 1 and 3 lb. / cu. ft. for flexible foams . (Filtered Words: 0)
If it was , then it must have been God's intention to translate him at a certain point from time to eternity . (Filtered Words: 0)
28 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He crouched there . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Never mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
He occupied a two-bedroom apartment on the fourth floor , using the second bedroom as his office . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you paying too much for your truck insurance ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] will be starred . (Filtered Words: 1)
At one time I became disturbed in the faith in which I had grown up by the apparent inroads being made upon both Old and New Testaments by a `` Higher Criticism '' of the Bible , to refute which I felt the need of a better knowledge of Hebrew and of archaeology , for it seemed to me that to pull out some of the props of our faith was to weaken the entire structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it was interesting to observe that B.B.C.'s television film on Christmas Eve was The Bells Of St. Mary's . (Filtered Words: 0)
They strained forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am told the time will soon come when women will find it necessary to do most of their own work , and even now it is important to have conveniences for the use of servants . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question frightened [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
You can build this vacation cottage yourself . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am prepared to demonstrate at anytime that it represents the spirit of Imperial Russia in its most vulgar , infantile , and reactionary aspect ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The wagons and the coach were beyond saving and so were the buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fosdick insisted that a strong word was needed from Washington , and it was immediately forthcoming . (Filtered Words: 0)
A religious community with a vital sense of mission achieves a degree of group orientation and group identification seldom found elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Lloyd Satterfield of [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 3)
It realized that to admit them was to jeopardize form . (Filtered Words: 0)
a man apparently foreign to the very experience of love , without mercy or pity ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Here they were at the mercy of anyone who chose to come by . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll get around to it a little later '' , he mumbled desperately . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Are you sick '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It always comes in threes '' , she sighed heavily . (Filtered Words: 0)
The light was filtered by the soft glass window of the thermostat thus ensuring that only light absorbed by the chlorine and not by the carbon tetrachloride could enter the reaction cell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Following a guide , and gratefully so , is an excellent way to see all the important places when everything is strange and new . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experience showed , however , that it is very difficult to paint a dark umber background in fresco that will not dry out spotty and uneven . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not quite . (Filtered Words: 0)
( This goes for getting a drink tray ready , and for having a big cooler full of ice on hand long before the party begins . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was perhaps thirty-two , nicely set up , with light brown hair that had a pronounced wave . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shipbuilding , aircraft procurement , and weapon programs indicate that there will not be enough of anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sat up and watched as they pulled themselves over the stern . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its supplement , The Medical Technicians Bulletin , supplied similar material to enlisted medical personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even when he is called upon for impromptu remarks , he has notes written on the back of handy envelopes . (Filtered Words: 0)
They condemned the movie script writers for implying that sex was enjoyable and exhilarating . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our experience has taught us that it pays to buy the best equipment possible , from pipes to brushes . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish our doctor could have saved her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this , I think , holds for values as well as life styles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The radius is calculated from the mass by assuming spheres of density Af except for the smallest particles , which must have a higher mass density to remain in the solar system in the presence of solar-radiation pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
She tells him of the consequences of his behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
While this was under consideration , dauntless as ever [FILTERED] set about the building of Taliesin 3 . (Filtered Words: 1)
they perform at many campus social events . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Commissioners at Boston wrote the victims to see their misdeeds and repent or they should `` look upon them as men prepared for slaughter '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fairmount Park Commission (Filtered Words: 0)
If he is not told which of four or five readings was meant for him , he can more readily assess each item in a larger frame : `` Does that statement really sound as if it were for me , significant in my particular life ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This energy transfer depends on the current , the temperature in the arc column , the anode material , and the conditions in the anode sheath . (Filtered Words: 0)
To that Rousseau could agree . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first , or double-step , type might also be called the `` railroad type '' because of its application to railroads ( and other transportation agencies ) by the Cost Section of the Interstate Commerce Commission . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something had to be done about the furnace , the fuel bills , the washing machine , the doctor and dentist bills , about making money stretch for food , for the mortgage , for taxes , for shoes , for half soles , for overshoes , for clothes , for the new leaks in the roof , for gas and light bills ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` His throat's shut . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan demanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
And after I brought them sandwiches and coffee I had to go back to my place in the kitchen and wait . (Filtered Words: 0)
See you in about an hour '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But you aren't exactly the model of a surveyor , you know . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Brooklyn College student shows some striking departures from prevailing collegiate models . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's an even bigger fool than you are . (Filtered Words: 0)
The source of this paradox is not difficult to identify . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You see '' , she said , looking past him into the room , where the highball glasses sparkled dully in the bright light , `` you and I can't understand the many hardships they have to undergo '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dade's chief probation officer , [FILTERED] , will lead a discussion on `` The Changes in the American Family '' at 7:30 p.m. Sunday at Christ Lutheran Church . (Filtered Words: 1)
That is enough TNT to fill the tower of the Empire State Building ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps he had known then where that hundred dollar bill had come from and where it was taking his wife . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five miles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , she continued to move upward . (Filtered Words: 0)
If I could make myself feel the same way (Filtered Words: 0)
The door opened and three men and a woman in a sari swept past him and down the stairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pressing his cigarette out in the earth , Warren walked to the slit and scanned the jagged hills . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now she must be thinking of a boy-name , something special . (Filtered Words: 0)
At its most ecstatic moments , husband and wife are elevated far above worldly cares . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , the irony and the bitterness of it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
E . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even apart from the fact that now at the age of 31 my personal life is being totally disrupted for the second time for no very compelling reason -- I cannot help looking around at the black leather jacket brigades standing idly on the street corners and in the taverns of every American city and asking myself if our society has gone mad . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude had the cool ruthlessness to do whatever she made up her mind to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
They order the manifold levels of reality and moral value along an axis of being which extends from brute matter to the immaculate stars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also make sure thermometer does not touch the revolving spit or hit the coals . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled , a smile without humor . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was certain now that [FILTERED] was in the house , but also , presumably , was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
He ain't gone far '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The maturity in this point of view lies in its recognition that no basic problem is ever solved without being clearly understood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Related to this is the fact that most of the higher religions define for the individual his place in the universe and give him a feeling that he is relatively secure in an ordered , dependable universe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hank had gathered wood for a cookfire , and his wife was busy at it now . (Filtered Words: 0)
A law is needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
What in the world were you going to do with a lot of dogs when you left for town on Monday afternoons ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Why does the story affect us ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You're the one that's taking the big chance '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly , the American Cancer Society ( ACS ) , the Arthritis and Rheumatism Foundation , and the BBB have each stated lately that medical quackery is at a new high . (Filtered Words: 0)
His other activities are not so easily recovered . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the sunshine of late afternoon , [FILTERED] stood looking at the ready guest room . (Filtered Words: 1)
Does society really exist as an entity over and above the agglomeration of men ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I hate to have these things come up again and again '' , Dr. [FILTERED] commented as he made his suggestion . (Filtered Words: 1)
From here on in , the less [FILTERED] and I were seen together in public , or visited one another's rooms , the better . (Filtered Words: 1)
A year ago it was bruited that the primary character in [FILTERED] new novel was based on the [FILTERED] , the Spanish nobleman who died driving in the [FILTERED] automobile race of 1957 . (Filtered Words: 3)
You know , [FILTERED] characterized your Committee as having prejudged his case '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I can hardly say the same about you , Dave '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s remarks about his marriage were suggestive enough to induce American reporters to invade the offices of Harcourt , Brace & Company for information , to pursue Mrs. [FILTERED] to Cromwell Hall , and , after she had returned to New York , to ferret her out at the [FILTERED] on upper Fifth Avenue where she had taken an apartment . (Filtered Words: 3)
, across the envelope , and now Theresa had it , all as easily as if she had been the President of the Republic or the Pope . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was particularly noticeable in group A and group B sera , in which cases activity in Regions 1 and 2 was usually not detectable without prior concentration and occasionally could not be detected at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our Northern brethren also I believe felt a little tender under those censures ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Often she fails to gain sexual satisfaction '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fixed wooden scaffold was removed , and , so as to reach all the frieze , one of pipe , on wheels , built up from the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her coarse hair was two-colored -- bleached blonde and its real , dirty gray . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moritz is listed on the Longhorn roster as a right halfback , the position at which he lettered on the 1956 team . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Would you advise us to act the same way ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You must have been good at history at school . (Filtered Words: 0)
She felt , and said , that sympathy only made people feel sorry for themselves ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Select class members for reports on various phases of the study . (Filtered Words: 0)
The suggestion that in saying something evil had occurred we were after all making no mistake , because we had never meant anyhow to say anything about the past suffering , seems to me merely frivolous . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most effective way to develop more places for more sportsmen to shoot is to encourage properly managed shooting preserves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Protons and electrons bear opposite electrical charges which make them attract each other , and when they are joined they make up an atom of hydrogen -- the basic building block of matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the sovereign was not [FILTERED]' absolute monarch but rather the parliamentary sovereign of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
none of us did . (Filtered Words: 0)
She swung around . (Filtered Words: 0)
Go out of the furrow , snake , I said , but it did not move at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
and translate the whole into profit and loss and balance sheet figures which management can act on with some assurance ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And he ignored him , skirting the parked cars and walking up the path to the Skopas house . (Filtered Words: 0)
They spun and flung their rifles up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is that you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His reading ranged from Agatha Christie to The Book Of Job and he had an insatiable interest in his fellow-creatures , while his letters were full of gossip about new politicians and old men of letters with whom he had been intimately thrown six decades before . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not the sort of thing most politicos would care to acknowledge publicly . (Filtered Words: 0)
And now , in March , all Laos suffered a state of siege . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's make sure first '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could you give us a job , Mr. [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
when it was cool , the fat was skimmed off and bottled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cobb's assent was tight . (Filtered Words: 0)
It dealt mainly with a broad range of East-West issues . (Filtered Words: 0)
You certainly couldn't take them into the little apartment and if you tried to farm them out for two or three days every week they would become so confused that they would have nervous breakdowns . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hemphill said that the Hughes Steel Erection Co. contracted to do the work at an impossibly low cost with a bid that was far less than the `` legitimate '' bids of competing contractors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel grinned slyly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He refused to bring [FILTERED] to it even as an occasional visitor , claiming that his every move was watched by spies of the Milbankes . (Filtered Words: 1)
He will not curb his instinctual desires but release the energy within him that makes him feel truly and fully alive , even if it is only for this brief moment before the apocalypse of annihilation explodes on earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the recent political campaign two charges were leveled affecting the question of power , and I think we might begin by trying to put them into proper focus . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] called twice . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why should this be so ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In March , 1961 , representatives of the national laboratories of Australia , Canada , The Netherlands , United Kingdom , U.S.S.R. , United States , and West Germany , met at the NBS to devise means for reaching international agreement on a temperature scale between 10 and 90 Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went straight to the Presidential box . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , executive director of the New Hampshire State Planning and Development Commission , and [FILTERED] of General Electric Company . (Filtered Words: 2)
At once the whole band set off at a lope . (Filtered Words: 0)
( I sometimes feel that God , in His infinite wisdom , wants us to have these inexplicable little lapses of memory . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have nothing to hide under a bushel . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an indicator , or indicators , are needed as means of recognizing specific periods of delay in skeletal developmental progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Uh-huh . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anxious to avoid a similar debacle in the motor car industry , [FILTERED] went to Detroit in 1909 to enlist the support of leading A.L.A.M. members for an industry-wide patent-sharing plan . (Filtered Words: 1)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose you don't know anything about a piece of two-by-four , either ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and also to change telephones . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , creator of sophisticated casuals for women and [FILTERED] , designer of Christian Dior shoes Paris , France , whose squared toes and lowered heels have revolutionized the shoe industry . (Filtered Words: 2)
Motion picture cameras had been installed to film the audience , the reservation list was being checked out name by name , and a special detail was already at work in the parking lot scrutinizing automobiles for a possible lead . (Filtered Words: 0)
He returned the menu to its place between catchup bottle and paper napkin dispenser . (Filtered Words: 0)
The captain's gig of H.M.S. Mercury was being rowed to H.M.S. Neptune . (Filtered Words: 0)
He recognized his jacket and trousers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Secretary may dispose of water and byproducts resulting from his operations under this Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
One year the Department collected a file of case histories to document its argument that men in the field were paying the government's entertainment bills out of personal income . (Filtered Words: 0)
The voice came from behind him , and Wilson turned . (Filtered Words: 0)
To his Harvard colleague , [FILTERED] , whose philosophic position differed radically from his own , [FILTERED] could write , `` Different as our minds are , yours has nourished mine , as no other social influence ever has , and in converse with you I have always felt that my life was being lived importantly '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Mayor [FILTERED] must , as his opponents demand , assume responsibility for his performance in office . (Filtered Words: 1)
It probably will be necessary to install an outside antenna , particularly to receive CONELRAD broadcasts . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his effort to stir the public from its lethargy , [FILTERED] goes so far as to list Catholic atrocities of the sort to be expected in the event of a Stuart Restoration , and , with rousing rhetoric , he asserts that the only preservation from these `` Terrours '' is to be found in the laws he has so tediously cited . (Filtered Words: 1)
The most valuable player award was split three ways , among [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
Entrance into such stellar song writing company encouraged the burgeoning song writer to take a wife , [FILTERED] , a dancer in the Gaieties . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] also turns up along with some lesser-known contemporaries on a disk called [FILTERED] 18e [FILTERED] ( BAM LD 060 ) . (Filtered Words: 3)
At the last second I dropped my sights from the bare chest and bright red circle to the chest of his pony . (Filtered Words: 0)
most of the information elicited in Jerusalem had been brought to the surface by the numerous War Crimes tribunals and investigating commissions , and by reports , memoirs , and survivors' accounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl murmured harshly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The quality of a president's leadership is measured first by his success in building up the faculty . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Seen by the public , the musician is the underdog par excellence . (Filtered Words: 0)
There never were two fames alike . (Filtered Words: 0)
How will we work it out '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] escaped by keeping his personal show on the road and because [FILTERED] , who was then operating the Senate , refused to let it become an Inquisition . (Filtered Words: 2)
He pulled it open . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] do you ever get homesick ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
He recognized the gesture . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tenacity with which present metaphysical attitudes fetishize private intuition offers the strongest evidence that the gulf between scientific and delphic ways of philosophizing is built into the present conflict over the limits and purpose of science , religion and ideology . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that point the Administration will have little reason to hang onto Gen. Swing . (Filtered Words: 0)
If it will simply delay the debates until the qualifications are closed next spring , and then carry all the candidates on a tour of debates , it can provide a service to the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're too lazy to go out and look for another job . (Filtered Words: 0)
A candle alight in the air directs its flame and smoke upwards . (Filtered Words: 0)
How far the fellowship in most local churches falls below what the New Testament means by koinonia ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
However , technical difficulties arise by melting at local hot spots . (Filtered Words: 0)
The contract called for overhauling of 102 joints . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rousseau agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Direct method . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aug. 4 , 1821 , nearly a century after [FILTERED] founded the Pennsylvania Gazette -- a century during which it had undergone several changes in ownership and a few brief suspensions in publication -- this paper made its first appearance as the Saturday Evening Post . (Filtered Words: 1)
( cf. McGlynn : 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the female faces are new , or at least not too familiar . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , perhaps . (Filtered Words: 0)
) She has since turned to Bellini , whose opera `` Beatrice Di Tenda '' in a concert version with the American Opera Society introduced her to New York last season . (Filtered Words: 0)
The combination proved quite irresistible last night . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stacy replied that it would bankrupt Forbes , who had just sunk all his money in a real estate venture . (Filtered Words: 0)
In eight states whose fiscal years close on June 30 , a majority of their cities close their fiscal year on December 31 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
Interruptions came largely from the bench , which numerous times rebuked the Attorney General for letting his witnesses run on , though it , too , made no serious effort to choke off the flow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly in the matter of principals there is nothing lacking . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Thayer School offers a year of postgraduate study in somewhat the same way , after a boy wins a B.S. in engineering . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is why the members of the beat generation proudly assume the title of the holy barbarians ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the mail were invitations to speak at the universities of Cologne , Heidelberg , and Baden-Baden . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] of [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 4)
Already many an American knows his count , and rejoices or worries depending on whether it is nearer 180 ( safe ) or 250 ( dangerous ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had died there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ponies were almost uncontrollable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dromozoa fed him in their mysterious way ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A marked impulse came to the anti-slavery movement through the [FILTERED] revivals . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` The Lord is my light and my salvation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , advised by the Architect of the Capitol , the Joint Committee for the [FILTERED] , traditionally responsible for the works of art in the building , ordered the space cleared and painted in fresco , to show `` the Peace after the Civil War '' , `` the Spanish-American War '' , and `` the Birth of Aviation '' , to match as nearly as feasible [FILTERED]'s technique and composition . (Filtered Words: 2)
We walked down the cool hall silently . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each time he got the same answer and in the end he gave up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of the post-World War 2 , abstract expressionists , apostles of the discipline of spontaneity and hazard , look alike , and do look like accidents . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had put down the receiver . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the snobbery that alienates [FILTERED] from [FILTERED] finally gives way before the deeper and stronger force of love , the reunion is marked by an embarrassed handshake at which [FILTERED] exclaims : `` No , don't wipe it off -- for God's sake , give me your blackened hand '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 3)
or who undertook to set records for remaining erect on a dance floor , with or without a partner ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
SAAMI's financial support since 1955 has contributed to the success of this project in education . (Filtered Words: 0)
Send me where I can play '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was evident delight on the part of the subject in response to her experience of the freedom of movement . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] deposed Juet and cut his pay . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was still a little , not much , left in the first bottle and we passed it around once and killed it , and [FILTERED] opened his . (Filtered Words: 1)
As the background discussion indicated there were frequently expressed doubts that a government dominated by either party could fairly administer elections . (Filtered Words: 0)
Except for the odd uptown sex maniac or an overeager Greek sailor , the people watch in calm absorption . (Filtered Words: 0)
All sorts of plans come to life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Give me your address . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought of the men , the nameless thousands , huddling in them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The New York Central also has asked the ICC to permit it to gain control of the B & Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Top dog , sleeping and eating right there with the Staff . (Filtered Words: 0)
These waves have shown that 1,800 miles below the surface a liquid core begins , and that it , in turn , has a solid inner core . (Filtered Words: 0)
As long as perception is seen as composed only of isolated sense data , most of the quality and interconnectedness of existence loses its objectivity , becomes an invention of consciousness , and the result is a philosophical scepticism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mae entered the room from the hallway to the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was just me and [FILTERED] getting drunk together like we used to in the old days , and me staring at her across the table crazy to get my hands on her partly because I wanted to wring her neck because she was so ornery but mostly because she was so wonderful to touch . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was shaking with tension and it took him a couple of minutes to get his breath and settle down . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were headed straight for each other on a collision course . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet although the Kennedy Administration , and the Eisenhower Administration before it , have both declared themselves solidly for repeal of the Connally amendment , as contrary to our best interests , no action has yet been taken . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Here they are , with my comments and judgments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under no circumstances could we mistake one for the other ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If she could have blushed , she would have . (Filtered Words: 0)
When you start the outdoor performance , you can stay outdoors without a dozen running trips into the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
The section is violated whether or not actual restraints or monopolies , or the substantial lessening of competition , have occurred or are intended . (Filtered Words: 0)
The city paid for work on 75 , of which no more than 21 were repaired , [FILTERED] charged . (Filtered Words: 1)
Both man and wife should be aware of the fact that a lack of climax , and even the absence of the anticipated keen pleasure are not a sign that the wife may be cold or frigid . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're having a miserable time , aren't you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Evidences of the new birth (Filtered Words: 0)
As she told it , `` He's a rich boy friend , an old guy about 60 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is blind , fundamentalist dogmatism to say , `` Messing around with the King James version seems to us a perilous sport at best '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or a thin slice of plug tobacco might be laid on the open wound without chewing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They're looking for trouble '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he operates three cafeterias in the Student Center , along with McElvaney Dining Hall and the athlete's tables . (Filtered Words: 0)
Equally penetrating in its fashion is the following remark by a lady in the course of a literary conversation : `` So much has already been written about everything that you can't find out anything about it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although my shot killed his horse , he rolled off the bale on top of me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Start with the class standing in a circle , with weight on the right foot and the left extended a little way into the circle . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shivered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Student musical organizations are the Knights of Carleton and the Overtones ( men's vocal groups ) , and the Keynotes ( a women's singing group ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was fifteen [FILTERED] turned out his first song , a jazzy little thing he called `` Sister [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
The memory of this southern hospitality did not survive the trials of coming antislavery years and Civil War . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miguel and [FILTERED] remained on the veranda to keep [FILTERED] from interfering . (Filtered Words: 2)
We are left to choose between the two Lindemanns . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of these is the fact that the knife employed , no matter how well sharpened , will have a slightly rounded cutting edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine was sprawled some thirty yards away , one arm extended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I love you . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was going to make it , he told himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were other farmhouses nearby . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the trend of general business activity follows the pattern suggested here , we are likely to see additional steps by the Federal Reserve authorities to ease the availability of credit . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm honey only to my husband , understand '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] killer acted this way , catching up with him was going to be a cinch . (Filtered Words: 1)
Whatever the reasons , Willis and [FILTERED] started expanding Zenith . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was losing patience again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Help him ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He took the suitcase out to the Jeep and put it in the front seat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just before Myra left -- She was saying good-by to [FILTERED] , and she didn't realize I was near '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Tonal morphophonemics , in a common case , can do nothing but either raise or lower the tone . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How The Kooks Crumble '' features an amusingly accurate take-off on sneaky announcers who attempt to homogenize radio-TV commercials , and `` The Watchers Of The Night '' is a veritable waking nightmare . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Florican-My Precious ) 2:37 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] of Tunisia and [FILTERED] of Ireland were early favorites in the running , but France didn't like the former and the Soviet Union would have none of the latter . (Filtered Words: 2)
He had no idea where [FILTERED]'s room would be . (Filtered Words: 1)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as they reached the shore , the first huge wave crashed upon them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mayor envisioned factories there . (Filtered Words: 0)
right now , with almost cartoon emphasis , in the temporally linked complex of Tshombe-Gizenga-Goa-Ghana . (Filtered Words: 0)
For better or for worse , we all now live in welfare states , the organizing principle of which is collective responsibility for individual well-being . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is much that many industries can continue to learn from some of the more recent developments described below . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matsuo stood up . (Filtered Words: 0)
They made it , killed every last one of the Krauts , took the village on schedule . (Filtered Words: 0)
The publication form is that of clothbound books . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had none here . (Filtered Words: 0)
She gave herself a title , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was not sure how much of this desire was due to his devotion to the church and how much was his own ego , demanding to be satisfied , for the two were intertwined and could not be separated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Easily the best known of these three novels is The Space Merchants , a good example of a science-fiction dystopia which extrapolates much more than the impact of science on human life , though its most important warning is in this area , namely as to the use to which discoveries in the behavioral sciences may be put . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bruises and black eyes were relieved by application of raw beefsteak . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , then , is what Swift would have called a modest proposal by way of a beginning . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The statements may be highly prejudicial to my client '' , Bellows told the court . (Filtered Words: 0)
The raw sewage was introduced directly under the turbine aerator to insure maximum mixing of the raw sewage with the aeration tank contents . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tonal morphophonemics , in a common case , can do nothing but either raise or lower the tone . (Filtered Words: 0)
and his brother , Mr. [FILTERED] , and his wife , who will arrive from Boston . (Filtered Words: 1)
I never even saw any '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no better way to waste time than trying to install a furnace in a finished Af closet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too many new things are happening for it to be a complete erotic fulfillment . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'll choke '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ordinance would increase fees from $1 for males and $2 for females to a flat $5 a dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , `` Me Jane '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
by minimizing the number of committees . (Filtered Words: 0)
The president of a small firm selling restaurant products , had considerable difficulty in finding suitable salesmen for his business . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through the World Bank and other instrumentalities , as well as through individual action by every nation in position to help , we must squarely face this titanic challenge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Funny how seldom they did : used to it , probably . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ruger reports that on his recent African safari the little Magnum cartridge was a real work horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wherefore also He ( God ) drove him ( man ) out of Paradise , and removed him far from the tree of life , not because He envied him the tree of life , as some venture to assert , but because He pitied him , ( and did not desire ) that he should continue a sinner for ever , nor that the sin which surrounded him should be immortal , and evil interminable and irremediable . (Filtered Words: 0)
NATO headquarters in Europe ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
American audiences in particular learned two valuable lessons . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such writers as [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] have led the field of somewhat less important writers in a sort of post-bellum renaissance . (Filtered Words: 2)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
While the regulations formerly required that the hearing officer's report be placed in the registrant's file , this requirement was eliminated in 1952 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I used to play with the older one sometimes , when he'd let me . (Filtered Words: 0)
So many times I have wondered why veterinarians do not wipe the table clean before each new canine patient is placed on it for examination . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because the private eye intends to save society in spite of himself , he invariably finds himself in trouble with the police . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is conclusive , unless appealed , only upon the particular parties to the particular action which was heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is curious that at its best , the work of this school of painting -- [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , Clyfford Still , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and the rest -- resembles nothing so much as the passage painting of quite unimpressive painters : the mother-of-pearl shimmer in the background of a [FILTERED] , itself a formula derived from Renoir ; ; (Filtered Words: 5)
And they wouldn't leave off arguing and pleading until he had promised . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sheriff Felix Tabb said the ordinary apparently made good his promise . (Filtered Words: 0)
A metal table and four chairs stood in the center . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he approached the first farmhouse , thunder sounded behind him again , closer now and louder , like a steadily advancing drum corps . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't hear the music . (Filtered Words: 0)
It encompasses in its expanse areas where the natural beauty encourages a vacation of quiet contemplation , on the one hand , to places where entertainment and spectacles of all sorts have been provided for the tourist with camera . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has held them at bay . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] wanted to be pleasant because [FILTERED] worked the territory next to his , but he hadn't come to [FILTERED] for stag dinners . (Filtered Words: 3)
Certainly it is not necessary to repeat that the United States has no intention of interfering in the internal affairs of any nation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
if inner lid is too big , trim to fit , allowing room for thickness of glaze . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is that autistic people don't enjoy physical contact with others -- for instance , my children and I . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Via called to say they had decided to cremate her -- as they had [FILTERED] , the thought leaped to my mind -- and did I want to meet her at the funeral home the next morning . (Filtered Words: 1)
When Af has been found it may be transferred into the storage location of Af and the whole calculation repeated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The common spices , flavorings , and condiments make up this group . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , if the mission of the Trial was to convict anti-Semitism , how could it have failed to post before the world the contrasting fates of the countries in which the Final Solution was aided by native Jew-haters -- i.e. , Germany , Poland , Hungary , Czechoslovakia -- and those in which it met the obstacle of human solidarity -- Denmark , Holland , Italy , Bulgaria , France ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But just when was an unknown , and of course the longer it did not happen , the stronger her wish and belief that it might not . (Filtered Words: 0)
residential at $278,877,000 , up 12 per cent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , contract was the dominant legal theme of the century , the touchstone of the free society . (Filtered Words: 0)
Teachers and administrators in many elementary schools have assumed that dividing the pupils in any grade into groups on the basis of test scores solves the problem of meeting the needs of individuals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , he did like music making and even sang in the chapel choir of the Woodberry Forest School , near Orange , Virginia , where he sounded fine but did not matriculate too well . (Filtered Words: 0)
By myself I'll be fine '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is a good role for [FILTERED] , and she gave it force , dramatic color and passion . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
They begged [FILTERED] to let them put a bed in the kitchen for her , but [FILTERED] said she was getting too old to sleep in strange beds and be seen with her teeth out , and that she hoped to die in privacy like a Christian and if the Lord willed it to be of pneumonia than it would have to be that way . (Filtered Words: 2)
Not that there had not been attempts , mostly European , to do exactly that . (Filtered Words: 0)
a criterion of muscle `` drama '' that is unforgettable to judges and audiences alike ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] said that there seemed to be feeling that evacuation plans , even for a high school where there were lots of cars `` might not be realistic and would not work '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The chines go in the same way except that they are made of two pieces of two-inch wood for strength and easier bending . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] has been society editor here for twenty-five years . (Filtered Words: 1)
He tightened up in a twinkling . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nobody really expects to evacuate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Peace Corps should be launched soon so that the opportunity to recruit the most qualified people from this year's graduating classes will not be lost . (Filtered Words: 0)
In [FILTERED]'s day -- and until this year -- the schedule was 154 games . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the home of a gourmet the new maid was instructed in the fine points of serving . (Filtered Words: 0)
Absolution for his lie ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He swayed like a drunkard , his arms milling in slow circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
A plan must therefore be brought up to date periodically , possibly with the assistance of a permanent planning officer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Indians who came aboard ship to collect the mail also interested her greatly , even if she was suitably shocked , according to the customs of the society in which she had been reared , to find them `` naked , except a piece of cotton cloth wrapped around their middle '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guttural language from the ghetto stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
They want to be fat cats , Pam thought , and lighted a cigarette and leaned back on a chaise and considered pulling her thoughts together . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We're all going over to Lake Tahoe and try our luck at Cal-Neva '' , [FILTERED] explained , still instigating . (Filtered Words: 1)
For as his companions gradually dissolve back into a state of primitive confrontation with elemental necessity , as they lose all the appanage of their acquired culture , he is overcome by the feeling that he is at last being confronted with the essence of mankind . (Filtered Words: 0)
This terminology will also be applied to the corresponding points in the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maggie had shaken himself awake and was licking the sand off his stubby whiskers and his long plume of a tail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here is where things stand today : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] administration policies also have been assailed now from another direction by 70 Harvard , Boston University , [FILTERED] , and Massachusetts Institute of Technology educators . (Filtered Words: 2)
Pomham and [FILTERED] , a couple of minor sachems ( of something less than exalted character ) under Miantonomi , declared that they had never assented to the sale of land to [FILTERED] and had never received anything for it . (Filtered Words: 2)
all day long the Caravan slowly made her way through the difficult passages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make sure you have minimum age and time-on-the-job requirements tied into your pension plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
For Blanche , it was only a matter of time before Stanley would propose . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The trouble , '' explained [FILTERED] , then Deputy Undersecretary for Administration , `` is that when we get into an argument with him about this thing , it always turns out that Rooney knows more about our budget than we do '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The keynotes of this style are activism and emphasis on achievements in gaining self-esteem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ventilation is provided in a concrete block basement shelter by vents in the wall and by the open entrance . (Filtered Words: 0)
How unpartisan will be the recommendations of Lt. Gov. [FILTERED]'s Senate Committee on Government Operations ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
This is one of the main reasons for National Library Week , April 16-22 , and for its theme : `` For a richer , fuller life , read '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
When these fields are surveyed together , important patterns of relationship emerge indicating a vast community of reciprocal influence , a continuity of thought and expression including many traditions , primarily literary , religious , and philosophical , but frequently including contact with the fine arts and even , to some extent , with science . (Filtered Words: 0)
Desperately , Nick flashed one hand up , catching Poet's neck in the bend of his elbow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tappets and locking bars (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
He demanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not unless they have to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] admitted the slaying and said that the son-in-law became her lover after the death of her daughter in 1934 . (Filtered Words: 1)
California has accepted the provisions of that [FILTERED] ( as have all other States ) by enacting into our Code ( Section 2051 ) a provision that (Filtered Words: 1)
The minister was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Space probes have yielded little information . (Filtered Words: 0)
The initial setting of this table may be altered , however , as described in the 7070/7074 Data Processing System Bulletin `` IBM 7070/7074 Compiler System : Operating Procedure '' , form Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1920 , as the startling news that the 1919 White Sox had conspired to lose the World Series leaked out , fans grew disillusioned and disinterested in baseball . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` God doesn't have any appliance or cosmetics '' , he said heatedly before he caught himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
They're not going to laugh at the Fairbrothers and Labans very long ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is reason in all things , and in this country the heathenish cult of the motor-car is exceeding all bounds in its demands . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bad early poems are bad [FILTERED] or bad [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
This bold self-assertion , after decades of humble subservience , is indeed a twentieth-century phenomenon , an abrupt change in the Southern way of existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` God , I take it , plays no part in this '' , she said waspishly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The impact rate on 1958 Alpha for 153 events was Af for particles of mass greater than Af ( [FILTERED] , 1960 ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Stake me '' , she said , `` and let me at those dice . (Filtered Words: 0)
The action was a result of a court order , the citation for which ( and for other court action mentioned in this paper ) is taken from the Summary Report for this Conference . (Filtered Words: 0)
Examples (Filtered Words: 0)
Many thanks for a job well done . (Filtered Words: 0)
And if I ever hear you say ' Mist Laban ' again I'll scream . (Filtered Words: 0)
they have both sung these parts here before . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , we wonder at the stand of the A.M.A. on the health problem confronting the aged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , we can find reasons for respecting even the bigotry of the populace ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And carried him backward in a footballer's tackle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , as he turned toward the telephone , it rang shrilly to shatter the stillness in the room and he reached for it eagerly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was moving like a ballet dancer , playing for laughs . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time further expansion in the Red Bridge Subdivision required the construction of additional sewage treatment facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Supports Katanga (Filtered Words: 0)
Fromm seems unaware of these developments . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , [FILTERED] owned a competent printing plant and was the logical man for the job . (Filtered Words: 1)
He planned at one time to enter the legal profession , but gave up the plan in favor of the entertainment field . (Filtered Words: 0)
Often the displeased parties interpreted our decision as implying favoritism toward the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
In later childhood , an interest in team games replaces individual play ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] broke under the devastating fire , wheeled and retreated . (Filtered Words: 1)
The anonymous correspondent did not resort to innuendoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
so , e.g. did Aristotle argue , although this may not be an observational reason in favor of circularity . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tangent point Q in the C-plane occurs when C and Af are tangent to one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had it . (Filtered Words: 1)
A Catholic priest recently recounted how in the chapel of a large city university , following Anglican evensong , at which there was a congregation of twelve , he celebrated Mass before more than a hundred . (Filtered Words: 0)
A second scene flashed before his mind , the interior of the garage at the new house and the young [FILTERED] girl turning startled to meet him , the dim dark and the sudden confusion and fear and then the brightness as [FILTERED] had clicked on the light . (Filtered Words: 2)
The , (Filtered Words: 0)
That glory , craved for so long , was now forbidden to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He followed Mr. [FILTERED] up the cellar stairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Other considerations . (Filtered Words: 0)
But just before luncheon today the fact was announced grimly by the British navy's chief adviser to the cabinet on underwater warfare , Capt. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Subgroups of various types , interconnected by relational norms . (Filtered Words: 0)
An exhibit , `` Macropathology -- An Ancient Art , A New Science '' , was presented at the annual meeting of the American Medical Association . (Filtered Words: 0)
they had orders to that effect straight from President [FILTERED] , who thought at first , as did most others , that it was four followers of Cuba's [FILTERED] who had taken over the 707 . (Filtered Words: 2)
It's his expert opinion that the plant isn't well suited to what you have in mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Encouraging self-help (Filtered Words: 0)
A major consideration in the choice of the Warwick site , four miles from [FILTERED] , was the fact that it permits retention of our present trained and highly skilled work force . (Filtered Words: 1)
His files , desk , drafting board and a high stool formed the only clean island in the chaos . (Filtered Words: 0)
I told them some sweet lies and they believed it all . (Filtered Words: 0)
He moved in close , jerked the handsome , broad-brimmed beaver hat from Nate's head and clamped it on his own . (Filtered Words: 0)
With completion of filling , net-like anastomoses were noted to be present between these separately derived branches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Angrily Martin wished they had delayed the wedding and gone on a trip -- preferably one that lasted months -- instead of deciding not to postpone the date until he could get away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like [FILTERED] , he deplores the indifference of the people in the face of the crisis . (Filtered Words: 1)
Its value was Af from the above data . (Filtered Words: 0)
She inquired . (Filtered Words: 0)
As autumn starts its annual sweep , few Americans and Canadians realize how fortunate they are in having the world's finest fall coloring . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] never explained what the documents or papers were that he had in his possession . (Filtered Words: 1)
The housekeeping problems of living in a shelter will begin as soon as the shelter is occupied . (Filtered Words: 0)
His mentioning of Japan and Holland had been merely the expression of wishful thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
I took the broken length of it around the tractor and I took one of the wrenches from the tool-kit and I struck its head , not looking at it , to kill it at last , for it could never live . (Filtered Words: 0)
I must , in fairness , take issue with his premise , primarily because the so-called scandals in labor unions were very much connected with business scandals . (Filtered Words: 0)
writes : Does the cholesterol go down when most of the thyroid gland is removed ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
they are no longer a puzzling aspect of intricately variable , local planetary motions . (Filtered Words: 0)
California Democrats this weekend will take the wraps off a 1962 model statewide campaign vehicle which they have been quietly assembling in a thousand district headquarters , party clubrooms and workers' backyards . (Filtered Words: 0)
A memory lapse in the last somewhat marred the pianist's performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The waves of a 1923 tsunami in Sagami Bay brought to the surface and battered to death huge numbers of fishes that normally live at a depth of 3,000 feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
To this end , the community assistance program of the planning division will continue to be operated as a staff function to make available , on a shared cost basis , technical planning assistance to those communities in the state unable to maintain their own planning staff . (Filtered Words: 0)
While the final combat of the campaign was being worked out at Jonesborough , [FILTERED] , on [FILTERED]'s instructions , ordered Slocum , now commanding the Twentieth Corps , to make an effort to occupy Atlanta if he could do so without exposing his bridgehead to a counterattack . (Filtered Words: 2)
The anti-assignment statute was held not to prevent the American corporation from suing for a refund of taxes paid by the British corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sample copies of new books are on display at headquarters , where librarians may evaluate them by themselves or in workshop groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here artistic realism involves the audience in an impassioned participation in events whose overtones and implications are transcendent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` God so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten Son , that whosoever believeth in him should not perish , but have everlasting life '' , and `` as many as received him , to them gave He power to become the sons of God , even to them that believe on His name '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross-writing , i.e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . (Filtered Words: 0)
The U. S. Office of Education continues to stress local surveys rather than national surveys . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many changes involved minor editing and clarification ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What did you do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe there are seventeen short plays by [FILTERED] now housed in the Houghton Library at Harvard ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
it's just right for a boy of 12-1/2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boonton (Filtered Words: 0)
and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
One social-class factor which plays a large part in educational policy today is the fact that a great many school and college teachers are upward mobile from urban lower-class and lower-middle-class families . (Filtered Words: 0)
to weave seams together : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sam , no one around here wears such heavy soles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Griffith was trying to clear his head of the champagne fuzz that encased it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet the violent immediacy of the wallpaper strips pasted to the paper , and the only lesser immediacy of block capitals that simulate window lettering , manage somehow to push the grape cluster back into place on the picture plane so that it does not `` jump '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rabies were cured or prevented by `` madstones '' which the pioneer wore or carried . (Filtered Words: 0)
In contrast , a metal coupon Af in size would have a magnitude from 100,000 to a million less . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is New York-born and Jewish . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , they have done so in rather special circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
a special fund created for that purpose pursuant to subsection ( A ) of this section any amounts hereafter paid , in United States dollars , by a foreign government which has entered into a claims settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection ( A ) of Section 4 of this Title . (Filtered Words: 0)
The woman had the glassy look of an invalid , as if she had not slept at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
In order to be saved , plasticity had had to be isolated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Results (Filtered Words: 0)
Calves (Filtered Words: 0)
There should be no reason to misinterpret or ignore the intent of this letter . (Filtered Words: 0)
A reporter restricted to the competing propaganda statements of both sides in a major labor dispute , for instance , is unable to tell his readers half of what he knows about the causes of the dispute . (Filtered Words: 0)
As with the penultimate [FILTERED] release ( Wolff's abridgment for RCA Victor ) I find the cleaner , less razor-edged monophonic version , for all its lack of big-stage spaciousness , the more aurally tolerable -- but this may be the result of processing defects in my SD copies . (Filtered Words: 1)
Another debutante , Miss [FILTERED] , will also be the honoree this Wednesday at luncheon at which Mrs. [FILTERED] , will be hostess entertaining at a downtown hotel . (Filtered Words: 2)
She'll rush to the bedroom when the doorbell rings . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he recalled that Rameau had once had a private performance of his opera Armide , behind closed doors , just for himself alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Concord , [FILTERED] was the most prominent New Hampshire boy with wings . (Filtered Words: 1)
Among the outstanding members of the Hearst cabinet whom he successfully opposed for a time were the great Arthur Brisbane , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Colonel [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` I hope to Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was turning over the idea of a good debauchery when I dozed off . (Filtered Words: 0)
That always relaxes me . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the inescapable realities of the Cold War is that it has thrust upon the West a wholly new and historically unique set of moral dilemmas . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said the statement should become a major issue in the primary and the fall campaign . (Filtered Words: 1)
I said , `` Do we know each other , Miss '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
he made it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
About half of these are exported . (Filtered Words: 0)
It fits the pattern of secrecy and stealth you've been involved in '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Deep Peep Show '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Then his son did something '' -- Rachel threw up her hands -- `` I don't know what , but something , to an official here -- it was during the Mandate -- and the son was imprisoned . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hey , this is pretty close to a wart-hog '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To me Lilly was a fine and lovely girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
The way she spoke , her flat acceptance of her alcoholic blackout , made me shudder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though in most cases the completion of the definitive editions of their writings is still years off , enough documentation has already been assembled to warrant drawing a new composite profile of the leadership which performed the heroic dual feats of winning American independence and founding a new nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm an outsider . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Temper , temper '' , Mrs. [FILTERED] said , laughing uneasily . (Filtered Words: 1)
This old world lost all of its helium and trace gases long ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has been said of John Stuart Mill that he wrote so clearly that he could be found out . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew that . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See fig. 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The medical title of `` Lobar Ventilation In Man '' by [FILTERED]. [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , covers a brief paper which is one part of a much larger effort to apply electronics to the study of the respiratory process . (Filtered Words: 3)
There are , nevertheless , several things that the president can do to stimulate participation and to enhance the prestige of those who are willing to exercise their privilege . (Filtered Words: 0)
In eight states whose fiscal years close on June 30 , a majority of their cities close their fiscal year on December 31 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hell , yes '' , I roared back between dusty lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pressure within the ghetto causes the ghetto walls to expand , and this expansion is always violent . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it's far from the end for plastics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an animal has frequently been the downfall of the rustler . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is this site available ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
theory of non-newtonian fluids (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , it is from the Selden organization that the industry inherited its institutional machinery for furthering the broader interests of the trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
The system was not well adapted to conditions of life in urban centers . (Filtered Words: 0)
We cannot now speak of maximizing the value of the objective function , since this function is now known only in a probabilistic sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
George didn't look up at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
She didn't like her stepmother , but nothing is known to have occurred shortly before the crime that could have caused such a murderous rage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over the years , he had had buddies in space in whom he thought he could confide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their locations in all parts of the United States , and their locations in the several kinds of educational and research institutions that are the principal homes of our intellectual and artistic strengths also are factors in the Trustees' minds . (Filtered Words: 0)
135 - 75 . (Filtered Words: 0)
( This provides whatever real justification there is for the talk about `` reality '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , these conditions do not influence all children in the same manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
The choice is yours : God is in your hands , now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Methods of financing adjustments (Filtered Words: 0)
In the same way he coupled [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] in a letter to Archbishop King , and he had earlier described him as `` the worst of them '' in some `` Observations '' on the Irish Privy Council submitted to Oxford . (Filtered Words: 2)
The submarine has increased its effectiveness by several orders of magnitude since World War 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is still a college only and not a university ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Interim financing of construction costs is provided by a short term loan from The Chase Manhattan Bank . (Filtered Words: 0)
During early childhood boys tease and bully , on the average , more than girls ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , suppose a man wearing a $200 watch , driving a 1959 Rolls Royce , stops to ask a man on the sidewalk , `` What time is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
All of it might have been heroic , but they had done it in the wrong place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now again in 1961 , in England , there is perhaps nothing in the religious sphere so popularly discussed as Christian unity . (Filtered Words: 0)
But except for a vague adherence to the basic storyline -- i.e. , that [FILTERED] remained with [FILTERED] and finally wound up with Boaz -- the film version has little to do with the Bible . (Filtered Words: 2)
His Mary would be slender of limb and delicate of proportion , yet she must hold this full-grown man as securely and convincingly as she would a child . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cotton Belt Gin Service , Inc. of Dallas makes gin saws and started here 14 years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , all participated in the framing or ratification of the Federal Constitution . (Filtered Words: 1)
The country about Cambridge is flat and not particularly spectacular in its scenery , though it offers easy going to the foot traveler . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then there is St. Louis county , where the Democratic leadership has shown little appreciation of the need for sound zoning , of the important relationship between proper land use and economic growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Refund claims (Filtered Words: 0)
He had seen it in the lineup at Police Headquarters in New York , in Broadway night clubs and Seventh Avenue pool rooms , in the criminal courts . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I want to show respect for my parents' religion '' was the way in which a boy justified his inhabiting a halfway house of Judaism . (Filtered Words: 0)
the stains weren't too apparent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Where do I go from here ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He flounders and lets music sprawl . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the next morning , she had turned the paper over . (Filtered Words: 0)
He always seemed to have money in his pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this publication measurements of interfacial angles of crystals are used to classify and identify chemical substances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fiscal uniformity : advantages and disadvantages (Filtered Words: 0)
The achievements which dispelled our fears of the cosmos took place three centuries ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the onion decayed , so did the wart . (Filtered Words: 0)
Complete with crowd effects , interruptions by jet planes , and sundry other touches of realism , this disc displays London's new technique to the best effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] recognized the man . (Filtered Words: 1)
For this reason , then I want to describe , first , two examples of the puritanical attacks : [FILTERED] The School Of Abuse , 1579 , and his later Playes Confuted , published in 1582 . (Filtered Words: 1)
His voice was chilling and cold . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they also defeat the school bill , the GOP task force won't have much research to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
A goal was fixed , as given in Table 2 , and attention focused on its fulfillment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tension (Filtered Words: 0)
It came to him as he wept there aboard the [FILTERED] that it was as foolish to strive for greatness as to seek to storm the gates of heaven . (Filtered Words: 1)
Interviews with several church leaders have disclosed that this development has raised the question whether the Peace Corps will be able to prevent confusion for church and state over methods , means and goals . (Filtered Words: 0)
and Dauntless , 3 ( by [FILTERED] ) in 2:32 . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was nearly thirty at the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strong hands move first ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor will the hack , the [FILTERED]-of-all-trades , still found in some of the smaller art schools , suffice . (Filtered Words: 1)
Jazz , like sex , is a mystique . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of Kitti . (Filtered Words: 0)
this style is characteristically an expression of the communal style of the middle classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'll take you out to dinner . (Filtered Words: 0)
The theatre was hot and they were drugged with boredom . (Filtered Words: 0)
The play's device is to explore society's obsession with disaster and violence through the eyes of a group of artist's models who remain part of someone else's painting rather than just be themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The reason you are in the ring today is to show your ability to present to any judge the most attractive picture of your dog that the skillful use of your aids can produce . (Filtered Words: 0)
Young [FILTERED] , a student at the Westminster school , has measles , and his sister , Mrs. [FILTERED] , and her husband , who live in Missoula , Mont. , have a new baby . (Filtered Words: 2)
Find out what you like to do most and really give it a whirl . (Filtered Words: 0)
If one lives near a subway or an express parkway , the solution is to have one's wines stored with a dealer and brought home a few at a time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But that's what he told me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dogs have a way of sensing our feelings ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just how many sub secrets were being handed over when the ring , watched for six months , was broken remained untold . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stood up . (Filtered Words: 1)
All false gods resemble Moloch , at least in the early phases of their careers , so it would be unreasonable to expect any form of idol-worship to become widespread without the accompaniment of human sacrifice . (Filtered Words: 0)
To appreciate this development , we must relate it to other aspects of nineteenth-century philosophy . (Filtered Words: 0)
for example Americans rally to Christian values vis-a-vis those of atheistic communism . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was another on this side , a little further down . (Filtered Words: 0)
He birdied the 13th , the 15th and the 18th -- five birdies , one bogey and 12 pars for a 68 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or is it relevant because it teaches us something useful to know about ourselves ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That third year he wrote plays with a fury . (Filtered Words: 0)
by means of an actual label or (Filtered Words: 0)
To be reminded of this we need only glance at the world map and note the extent to which religious divisions have compounded political ones , with a resultant fragmentation of the human race . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because I'm looking for the son of a bitch that killed that old man , and I'm going to get him . (Filtered Words: 0)
( SR , Feb. 11 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
He warns that a single glance can lead us into temptation , for `` Looking eies have lyking hartes , and lyking hartes may burne in lust '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had come to learn that a reputation for peculiarity allowed mere field officers a certain leeway at Court ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , by systematically varying the operating conditions in the first stage and always using the optimal Af-stage policy for the remaining stages , we shall eventually find the optimal policy for all R stages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any person who makes application for any such payment shall be held to have consented to all the provisions of this Title . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first ball the hefty pitcher threw came in for [FILTERED]'s head . (Filtered Words: 1)
writes : Does the cholesterol go down when most of the thyroid gland is removed ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately , the man and woman were not made to appear very interesting at the outset and the menacing figures failed to make them any more so . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , he replies , `` full grown , adult show dogs , housebroken , and obedience-trained '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am what I am . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pp. 63-64 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Given 15 days (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the Dumont , a guest had come in a collapsible wheel chair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even so , it was still not clear to many in the enormous horde of spectators -- unquestionably the largest golf crowd ever -- that this tournament was to be , essentially , a match between Palmer and Player . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tibet may bleed China as Algeria is bleeding France . (Filtered Words: 0)
Criticism is as old as literary art and we can set the stage for our study of three moderns if we see how certain critics in the past have dealt with the ethical aspects of literature . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inside of pieces was glazed with three coats of Creek-Turn bottle green antique glaze . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could hear Alfred's voice a few words behind [FILTERED]'s like a counterpoint , punctuated by sobs of sorrow and resignation . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was room to make a quick dash past the bush and throw as you went . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , whatever the techniques used , a twin goal is common to all preventive casework service : to cushion or reduce the force of the stress impact while at the same time to encourage and support family members to mobilize and use their ego capacities . (Filtered Words: 0)
We hold safe little jobs illustrating tooth-paste ads or the salacious incidents in trivial novels , and most of our easel painting is nothing but picking the fluff out of the navel so it can be contemplated in greater purity . (Filtered Words: 0)
In scope and power it can only be compared to Tolstoy's War And Peace . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Unfortunately , there is still little demand for broccoli and cauliflower '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Red thrusting out his tawny beard , [FILTERED] glowering under his suddenly rumpled black hair . (Filtered Words: 1)
They would reach him at almost exactly the same instant . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] , your report says that ' our function is investigative and advisory and does not in any way derogate from or prejudice Mr. [FILTERED]'s rights as a staff member . (Filtered Words: 2)
set for influx (Filtered Words: 0)
that of being the first such structure secured by force of arms in the war of the '60s . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh '' , said Mr. [FILTERED] , `` that's fine , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Furthermore , the middle number of [FILTERED] is not only the physical mean between every opposing pair of the other numbers , by reason of its central position ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
This will be covered more fully later . (Filtered Words: 0)
The local Istiqlal and U.M.C.I.A. offices did not campaign and lost heavily . (Filtered Words: 0)
You mean it , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The reason for the value of this procedure was simply that the applicants were tested `` at work '' in different situations by the judgment of a number of experts who could see how the salesmen conducted themselves with different , but typical restaurant owners and managers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Troubled , he continued along the corridor , poking his head into the next office for a careful look around . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll get it hauled away . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Af is just the curve Af translated without rotation through a small arc , for Af is always obtained by rotating C through exactly 90-degrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was able , now , to sit for hours in a chair in the living room and stare out at the bleak yard without moving . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two committees pondered 375 possible [FILTERED] successors , including [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Harvard's [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
He lost all sense of dignity . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the eyepiece a Wratten 2 B filter was used to filter off residual ultra-violet light . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why didn't you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It's an important clue to Washington thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one of these he said were notes on the identities of the eighty-one refugees . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As long as I'm home , I'll never grow up '' , a nineteen-year-old boy observed sadly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am satisfied that in the Selden case had this power existed and this course ( been ) pursued , it would have shortened the depositions of some of the experts nearly one-half and of some of the other witnesses thereto more than that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They also said he lied in saying that he had never been `` arrested '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dryer -- dryer of the rotary tumble type , having a cylindrical basket approximately 30 inches in diameter and 24 inches in length and rotating at approximately 35 r.p.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] , like [FILTERED] , the bugler boy who carried [FILTERED]'s last message , or [FILTERED] , the one-man Army on [FILTERED] , was a [FILTERED] , through and through . (Filtered Words: 6)
Plebian dictators (Filtered Words: 0)
They sometimes pay more attention to their rights than to their own internal problems of government . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt that her eyes were undressing me as if she were a painter and I a nude model . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know that one must act . (Filtered Words: 0)
I answered to find Nadine at the other end . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the ships are very slow now , and we don't get so many sailors any more '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Schuman `` Chester '' takes off from an old [FILTERED] tune with rousing woodwind and brass effect . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was room to make a quick dash past the bush and throw as you went . (Filtered Words: 0)
Further letters in November mention that Sir [FILTERED] paid forty pounds . (Filtered Words: 1)
Somewhat similar investigations have been made by medical officers in other areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
The double-step type (Filtered Words: 0)
With another sudden change of mood , he is again calm and protective , exhorting her to trust and obey him as God's spokesman -- and the chromatic scale descends in ominous contradiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm not a plaster saint . (Filtered Words: 0)
These incidents , typical of many others , dramatize the distressing fact that no controversy during the last several decades has caused more tension , rancor and strife among religious groups in this country than the birth-control issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was one sterile period : only one poem is dated between 1872 and 1882 and , except for the poems written on the trip to Italy in 1887 , very few from 1882 to 1890 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no lock because [FILTERED] didn't allow a lock . (Filtered Words: 1)
The promenade , for example , continues to take place on the Chahar Bagh , a mile-long garden of plane and poplar trees that now serves as the city's principal street . (Filtered Words: 0)
) [FILTERED] , however , held out for plain oyster roast , and plenty of it , unadorned by herbs or any seasoning but salt , though he did fancy a bit of lemon . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet they have accepted most of the extant `` welfare state '' provisions for health , security , and the regulation of economic affairs , and they overwhelmingly approve of the traditional `` liberalism '' of the Bill of Rights . (Filtered Words: 0)
The half-intensity diameter of the antenna beam was about 9' , and the angle subtended by the moon included the entire main beam and part of the first side lobes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing has been lost . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm was startled in the morning by a banging on the hatch of his bubble . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were headed straight for each other on a collision course . (Filtered Words: 0)
For , with a single exception , nothing had happened to them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The door swung open , and Jess said sourly , `` What the hell's the matter with you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no rice . (Filtered Words: 0)
those bibles and prayer books make a lot of money for publishing houses , but they don't get top personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one walked in this country , least of all [FILTERED] or Dutch Renfro or any of the rest of the Bar B crew . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was [FILTERED] , who had suddenly found himself imbued with the spirit of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` When working from one of my sketches I square it up and project its linear form freehand to the watercolor sheet with charcoal . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe that what I do has some effect on his actions and I have learned , in a way , to commune with drunks , but certainly my actions seem to resemble more nearly the performance of a rain dance than the carrying out of an experiment in physics . (Filtered Words: 0)
The study of Greek was the distinctive mark of boys destined to go to college , and [FILTERED] too expected to go to college and take the full classical course offered to men . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` This is where I get my information from '' , he confided . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dependence of the arc voltage upon the mass flow velocity of the transpirating gas was investigated for various arc lengths and currents between 100 Amp and 200 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
If birds don't belong in a Square or Park , what does ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Equations for rodding formulas are not complicated . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Detective Pearson , [FILTERED] , thought for a time he might be on to something . (Filtered Words: 1)
Well -- in that case , I take off tomorrow morning for Frisco . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish so much someone loved me . (Filtered Words: 0)
She frowned at his green pajamas with the yellow moons . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] explained that he had no experience with boxcars . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the beatnik , like the hipster , is in opposition to a society that is based on the repression of the sex instinct . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does each tentacle of the octopus of City Government reach out and lash at whatever it dislikes or considers an annoyance ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the past twenty years the ratio of state-owned automobiles per state employees has varied from 1 to 22 then to 1 to 23 now . (Filtered Words: 0)
The flat-bottomed boat swung slowly to the pull of the current . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the three volumes , [FILTERED] is easily the best . (Filtered Words: 1)
The bullet flung Gray Eyes from his horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Practice helps you to get your timing down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Land looked back toward the dilapidated house . (Filtered Words: 0)
An old man with a white beard and dressed in a long shabby coat , baggy trousers , and a black skullcap greeted us . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hung up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five racing minutes later we pulled into the driveway of this typical two-story house , and when the Jaguar stopped I managed to swallow . (Filtered Words: 0)
The possibility of recall into the Army is part of the price that a modern American has to pay for the enviable heritage of liberty which he enjoys . (Filtered Words: 0)
Schwarzkopf is , of course , Schwarzkopf . (Filtered Words: 0)
He let her tell him all about the church . (Filtered Words: 0)
No man's name brought more cheers when it was announced in a rodeo . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is the mother of an `` autistic '' child at fault ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
but artists now were ready to refine and elaborate their inheritance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then three consecutive pinch-hitters failed to produce . (Filtered Words: 0)
A military organization has an objective chosen by the higher command . (Filtered Words: 0)
It ranged from a freshman woman , just married , through the various academic growth stages , including one senior-graduate student , to a young faculty member recently married to a senior man who also attended . (Filtered Words: 0)
And divers must be enjoined to look before they leap , either on top of someone else or onto a pool edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Somewhere ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In turn the other teeth are likely to decay because food particles may become impacted in them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The psychological strategists in Taiwan stress the great sense of family , cultivated in China over thousands of years . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dr. [FILTERED] , I've got a lot of blood '' , Fred spoke up , `` plenty of it . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Of course '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since most European cars average more miles per gallon of gasoline than American cars , it naturally follows that the cost per kilometer for these models will be less , but the greater seating capacity of the large American cars will equalize this , provided your group is sufficiently large to fill a 7-passenger limousine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of the size of the areas it covers , the pasted paper establishes undepicted flatness bodily , as more than an indication or sign . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was interested in Italo Svevo . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fundamental difficulty of which the Selden case was `` a striking ( though not singular ) example '' , concluded Hough , `` will remain as long as testimony is taken without any authoritative judicial officer present , and responsible for the maintenance of discipline , and the reception or exclusion of testimony '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought : Only in my heart can I make the world hang together . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] hung on , living , after a fashion , in a Greenwich Village fourth-flight walk-up . (Filtered Words: 1)
He stood with his back to the skiff . (Filtered Words: 0)
After almost everyone had gone he told me the simple story of how one of his neighbors had moved a fence a few feet over on his land . (Filtered Words: 0)
His comrades were all dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now place 12 pieces 1/2'' '' sq. on this edge as we did before and space them with the 5-3/4'' '' long `` tappets '' , as they are called . (Filtered Words: 0)
This happened to be vice versa , but even so , the answer was a masterpiece . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Piazza Navona there are many delightful cafes where you can sit , have a drink or lunch , and watch the fountains in the square . (Filtered Words: 0)
Georgia's mental health program received a badly needed boost from the General Assembly in the form of a $1,750,000 budget increase for the Milledgeville State Hospital . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first two types of change occur within the inward and immanent structure of the society . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Calcium and sodium lactate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sequence is determined by chance , and Mr. [FILTERED] makes use of any one of several chance devices . (Filtered Words: 1)
He has shown considerable ingenuity in adapting his earliest symbols and devices to the new work , and the fact that he has kept a body of constant symbols through all of his experiments gives an unexpected continuity to his poetry . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Roots '' , the new play at the brand-new Mayfair Theater on 46th St. which has been made over from a night club , is about the intellectual and spiritual awakening of an English farm girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
old rulers may lose their nerve and their sense of direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bed still showed signs of where Kitti had lain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Credit requirements (Filtered Words: 0)
He is not talking in the main about probabilities , risks and danger in general . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were `` personalities '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The night we first met , at one of Mrs. [FILTERED]'s giant parties , he was wearing a brown cashmere jacket with silver buttons and a soft pink Viyella shirt ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
High , so it would only bounce harmlessly but loudly off the car's steel roof . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third need is for better theory . (Filtered Words: 0)
To recite the particulars of recent Soviet successes is hardly reassuring . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] gave Mama this dress for me , and I wore it many times . (Filtered Words: 1)
So this proxy situation has set up at least a partial barrier between the medium's ESP and the absent sitter's mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
More recently , the chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission , Dr. [FILTERED] , `` admitted '' to a news conference in Las Vegas , Nevada , that the US might fall behind Russia ( he apparently meant in weapons development ) if the Soviets continue to test in the atmosphere while we abstain . (Filtered Words: 1)
The clerk paid them no attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s shanty was beyond the bridge over the River Bystrzyca near the rail center . (Filtered Words: 1)
I've nothing for you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , his voice betrayed uncertainty about their being here , and conveyed an appeal to whatever is reasonable , peace-loving , and dependable in everybody . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] : (Filtered Words: 1)
Finally , at Ye Olde Gasse Filling Station on Avocado Avenue , they learned that their man , having paused to get oil for his car , had asked about the route to San Diego . (Filtered Words: 0)
How well can the site be developed ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If a litigant chooses to enforce a Federal right in a State court , he cannot be heard to object if he is treated exactly as are plaintiffs who press like claims arising under State law with regard to the form in which the claim must be stated -- the particularity , for instance , with which a cause of action must be described . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't forget the foreign press '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One thing should be clear to both husband and wife -- neither pain nor profuse bleeding has to occur when the hymen is ruptured during the first sex act . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm going to become a good nurse , and I've got two baby brothers that are going to have college if I have to work at my profession until I'm an old maid to give it to them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attacks Republicans (Filtered Words: 0)
The figures range as high as 15 million families . (Filtered Words: 0)
An over-all concept would have other advantages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then (Filtered Words: 0)
The uniform fiscal year facilitates inter-town comparison of revenues and expenditures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Love to you , my ward '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Big Hans made me come . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Af is the null space of Af , then Theorem 12 says that Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still others sprang up late in the century to meet conditions which arose from fresh stages of the revolutionary age . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's your motive ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The notion of `` inspiration '' is somehow cognate to this feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just missed the first '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
the something was the home run . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't worry , I can get plenty more '' , Eugenia said , wondering where in the world she could . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , the third principle of the plan must be that it does not depend for effectiveness on engagement by the same types , unless at an assured favorable exchange rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well I object . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I feel like getting back to town , that's what I feel like ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
So she brought the fish in whole , and she carried a lemon in her mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
So each reading can be given a weight and each reading a score by adding up these weights . (Filtered Words: 0)
Try to push back to the stand position from the stretched position without any intermediate pushes from the hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
butter ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't , I was sure , a difference in age that came between people , but a difference in maturity . (Filtered Words: 0)
You are welcome to Eromonga . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then O'Banion was presented with a platinum watch set with rubies and diamonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
He left us . (Filtered Words: 0)
What I mean is , he was a Pole and the greatest soldier in the Ulanys . (Filtered Words: 0)
No generalization of these results to spaces of more than three dimensions has so far been found possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
It generally took well into the autumn for the firm to recover from the summer's help . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gripped the lawman's other arm . (Filtered Words: 1)
In analyzing the watercolors of [FILTERED] , the first thing that comes to mind is their essential decorativeness , yet this word has such a varied connotation that it needs some elaboration here . (Filtered Words: 1)
The musician employing the serial technique of composition establishes a mathematical system of rotations that , once set in motion , determines the sequence of pitches and even of rhythms and intensities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Incidentally , one cannot miss the significance of this gesture , for [FILTERED] reintroduces it associatively in Pip's mind at another moral and psychological crisis -- his painful recognition , in a talk with [FILTERED] , that his hopeless attachment to Estella is as self-destructive as it is romantic . (Filtered Words: 2)
I shuddered and backed out of the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Man , through democratic institutions of government and economic freedom , was master of his destiny . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone had hauled him over the side , and he had remained silent while they crossed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The simple pragmatic success of the sociology of small groups needs to be questioned . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] found him froze . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Three distances , each at least 18 inches , are measured and marked off parallel to each of the warp and filling directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey looked down and saw the white sneaker at the bottom of the man's tanned leg cautiously nudge a bit of folded , blood-flecked substance lying by itself on the pavement . (Filtered Words: 0)
She let him come and go as he pleased , or as it pleased her . (Filtered Words: 0)
His name became synonymous with cold-blooded cruelty . (Filtered Words: 0)
dry studs cost less than $.03 more . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ontological status of society thus is constituted by the psychological status of society's members . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you indiscriminantly offering unnecessary medical services -- flu shots , sun lamp treatments , etc. ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They stand for 6 inches of mineral wool insulation in the ceiling , 4 inches in the side walls , 2 inches in the floors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Walnut Trees Of Altenburg includes not one war but two , and throws in a Turkish revolution along with some guerrilla fighting in the desert for good measure . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've got a quarter of a million Germans in my state , and those krautheads tune in on Father Werther every night , and if he tells them to go out and piss in the public square , that's what they do . (Filtered Words: 0)
The system is composed of three credit services , Federal Land Banks and National Farm Loan Associations , Federal Intermediate ( short-term ) Credit Banks , and Banks for Cooperatives . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The primary objective of non-violence '' , writes the outstanding Mennonite ethicist , `` is not peace , or obedience to the divine will , but rather certain desired social changes , for personal , or class , or national advantage '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another problem is who will pay for the training . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I do my best for you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sent me for Meltzer the Butcher , whom he wanted not as a friend but as a rabbi . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
However , for convenience we will stick to the idea that information can be classified according to Table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I never had the courage to look at them , when my projected volume became hopeless , fearing they were poor , until now when I was obliged to do so . (Filtered Words: 0)
I walked to the right around it to buildings containing illuminated manuscripts and came to the Treasury , which houses such things as coffee cups covered with diamonds , jewelled swords , rifles glittering with diamonds and huge divan-like thrones as large as small beds , on which the sultans sat cross-legged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cutting mechanism of cohesive failure (Filtered Words: 0)
The authorities had to release him . (Filtered Words: 0)
There should even be no more bitter surprises in the UN General Assembly as to NATO members' votes , since a new ad hoc NATO committee has been set up so that in the future such topics as Angola will be discussed in advance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've got the results on the [FILTERED] smear test '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is for them a given which they and they alone possess . (Filtered Words: 0)
He guessed by their appearance that they were Rumanians . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was one vote for location being the place where the property is situated for the greater portion of the twelve months preceding the assessment date . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
) In all three arenas , they seemed certain of victory -- especially with [FILTERED] applying his whiplash . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Janice , could you possibly go over and make sure everything's all right ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His own testimony is that he has read very little in the history of the South , implying that what he knows of that history has come to him orally and that he knows the world around him primarily from his own unassisted observation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The shadow vanished . (Filtered Words: 0)
Back of clay scored or roughened for proper gripping surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , progress in a national transformation can be only gradually earned ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What was omitted from `` A Neglected Education '' were those essentials known as `` the facts of life '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were both discouraged , disgusted and miserable . (Filtered Words: 0)
It made no difference that most evidence points to an opposite conclusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , I get it '' , [FILTERED] said , still on the ladder . (Filtered Words: 1)
For he remembered too well how he had brought back the loaded drinks to [FILTERED] and then returned to the kitchen to get weaker drinks for himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
His fatigues made a streak of almost phosphorescent green in the mist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Around the table sit Protestant , Catholic , and Jew . (Filtered Words: 0)
This explanation of tone difficulties , however , does not apply in all languages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Go out of the furrow , snake , I said , but it did not move at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why should the `` practical adhesion '' of a coating as assessed by a knife method change , initially increasing rather rapidly and then decreasing stepwise to very low values as the knife is forced through a coating of increasing thickness ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The strange creature , housed in wire , made him shudder . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so when [FILTERED] came to teach at the one-room Chestnut school , where [FILTERED] was a pupil in the eighth grade , the Woman of [FILTERED]'s mind assumed the teacher's face and figure . (Filtered Words: 2)
This is an issue which boils down to a matter of opinion , depending on whether you're an American or National fan and anti or pro-Yankee . (Filtered Words: 0)
A useful comment on his relation to his region may be made , I think , by noting briefly how in handling Southern materials and Southern problems he has deviated from the pattern set by other Southern authors while remaining faithful to the essential character of the region . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is planned to double the number of teams and to make use of improved equipment in a second demographic inquiry in 1960 , so that the inquiry can be carried through in one year and the results published more expeditiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
The famous author tells us of the strange incident in Something About Myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
As I see it , there's no real difference between being Jewish , Catholic , or Protestant '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though only a relatively short walk separated it from my own part of town , its character was wholly foreign to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
A shorter word is . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Young for his age '' means only the presence of some minor characteristic not quite usual . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think you could have heard him a mile away , and he was bursting at every seam with importance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Records such as diaries can be kept . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) the actual selling and buying practices of the respondents ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He shouted . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would also leave intact the states' traditional authority in the realm of contract law . (Filtered Words: 0)
neither did he care that Aunt Rose provided for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the 7th Cavalry whose troopers were charged with guarding the Imperial Palace of the Emperor . (Filtered Words: 0)
During early childhood boys tease and bully , on the average , more than girls ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This is brought out in the next to last chapter of the book , `` A Hero's Funeral '' , written in the form of an impassioned prose poem . (Filtered Words: 0)
The slender , handsome fellow was called [FILTERED] by the other slaves . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'm telling you , if these corpses ever knew the trouble they put us to , they'd think twice before letting themselves get knocked off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
How safe is too safe ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Check fit of lid on jar ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes ships waited for days for such a man , but Captain [FILTERED] was lucky . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was marching up and down the locker room of the Grassy Brae Golf Club shouting , `` Bomb Cuba ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Five held for trial (Filtered Words: 0)
Clayton looped the reins in a knot over the veranda post and patted the warm flesh of his neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turning toward the patient again , I -- I can't describe what happened to me then , except to say that I felt sick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those little children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remarks of Hon. [FILTERED] of Ohio (Filtered Words: 1)
Armed Forces Medical Publication Agency (Filtered Words: 0)
She ate what she could and went out along the covered passageway , with the rain dripping from the vines . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's your setting , and a sinister one . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Developments in Cuba and Laos also suggested the advisability of an early summit meeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
He oughta know . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the form in which the claim must be stated need not be different from what the State exacts in the enforcement of like obligations created by it , so long as a requirement does not add to , or diminish , the right as defined by Federal law , nor burden the realization of this right in the actualities of litigation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then there was the General kissing his wife . (Filtered Words: 0)
( D ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Through the splash of the rising waters , they could hear the roar of the river as it raged through its canyon , gnashing big chunks out of the banks . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all cases , most of the activity lay in the region of high anionic binding capacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The Kochaneks told police they left home at 8 a.m. and returned about 45 p.m. and found the house had been entered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Coconuts , the fruit of the coconut palm , have the largest of all known seeds and are grown in South Pacific islands as a crop for domestic and export markets . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] Jr. , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 15)
One can take a vase of about 800 B.C. and , without any knowledge of its place of origin , venture to assign it to a specific area ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Simply call Mr. [FILTERED] , and Dr. [FILTERED] P.GA , and C'un Major [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
The new school superintendent is [FILTERED] , a veteran agriculture teacher , who defeated [FILTERED] , a school principal and chairman of the Miller County Democratic Executive Committee . (Filtered Words: 2)
Taken as a whole , though , it was a strong performance from both pianist and orchestra . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would have to bide their official time and see , trusting that the massive doses of shell-psychology would suffice her , too , as the necessary bulwark against her unusual confinement and the pressures of her profession . (Filtered Words: 0)
But strength and poignancy develop thenceforth , and the windmill and deathbed episodes gather the threads of realization of the wonderfulness of the old boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a native of New Orleans and attended Allen Elementary school , Fortier High school and Soule business college . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several other examples : central and satellite (Filtered Words: 0)
However , they do demonstrate the presence of large normal pressures in the presence of flat shear fields which were forecast by the theory in the first part of the paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
What bad grace , what incredible selfishness he and [FILTERED] had shown . (Filtered Words: 1)
And even more complex items can be interpreted to conform to one's own point of view , which is by nature so personal . (Filtered Words: 0)
A great deal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Council president [FILTERED] said yesterday he may ask the council to formally request Town Solicitor [FILTERED] to draft the ordinance . (Filtered Words: 2)
I don't know what we're going to do , Miss [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A wreath will be placed at the tomb of [FILTERED] , one of this Nation's first Masons -- a past master of Washington-Alexandria Lodge 22 in Alexandria . (Filtered Words: 1)
Aid is a long-term process (Filtered Words: 0)
But of course behind his boldness he didn't feel bold at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
She turned and put her arms around his neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
A week in arrears , and without means to pay , I must go , it is the only right thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grosse muttered , his head down , one hand playing with the zipper on his jacket . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems rather peculiar that residents of apartments are denied the right of providing themselves with the protection and companionship of dogs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The iron hinges held , but the planks were in danger of being torn from the crossbars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Research at Fayette , Missouri on oxidation ponds has shown that the BOD in the treated effluent varied from 30 to 53 mg/l with loadings from 8 to 120 lb . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] had been given sixteen names , a bundle of literature , and a printed book of receipts . (Filtered Words: 1)
You figure it out . (Filtered Words: 0)
( We can imagine how they startled audiences of the 1870's . (Filtered Words: 0)
But no President ever before referred to his as a `` lousy job '' ( as [FILTERED] recently quoted President [FILTERED] as doing in conversation with Sen. [FILTERED] ) . (Filtered Words: 3)
A Tibetan swami from Palermo , Sicily , announced in Beverly Hills a newly discovered , ancient yoga discipline for ripple breathing which increased both pranha and cosmic attraction between sexes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The annual dividends paid to Du Pont stockholders in shares of General Motors stock would be taxable as ordinary income to the extent of Du Pont's earnings and profits . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was the end of his front-page feature story , with byline . (Filtered Words: 0)
and overhead projector transparency sets on the subjects of Military Sanitation : First Aid For Soldiers ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He retired in 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the spirit which is the source of a community's drawing power by means of which others are drawn into it from the world outside so that the community grows and prospers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , the 1938-39 rules adopted these hours as limitations upon the operation of daytime stations . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s thoughts must have been keeping silent pace beside his own , climbing the same crags in dirty white sneakers , clambering out on top of the headland and coming upon the sudden glinting water at the same instant . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] mission is a failure because the Ottoman nationalism on which Enver Pasha counted does not exist . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gray Eyes remained erect . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Make your confession to God , Kizzie dear , not to the congregation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This character could break him in half . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $3,500,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was a tough world , and you had to be tough to hold your own . (Filtered Words: 0)
In these respects the vases of the early eighth century represent a culmination of earlier lines of progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
In our own time we have seen the most fantastic imagery of a [FILTERED] come into actuality . (Filtered Words: 1)
The greatest source of trouble was rain which had repeatedly flowed from openings above , soaking the surface and leaving streaks of dissolved lime , very conspicuous even after cleaning , particularly in the `` Landing of Columbus '' , `` Oglethorpe and the Indians '' , and `` Yorktown '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And they also had the lights of the city , the port wall lanterns , and a shore crane's spotlight to guide on . (Filtered Words: 0)
But ten years in prison had taught him realities . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was denoted by Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
the purchase of equipment , facilities , machinery , supplies , or materials ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no such thing as an `` emergency telephone building fund drive '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` Nothing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The predomination of free swimming ciliated protozoa is indicative of a high bacterial population . (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic significance of this invention helped them to follow it rapidly in 1855 by the development of a unique precision gear cutting and dividing engine . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A startled piping sound returned . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There is a limit to what the United States in self-respect can endure '' , said the President . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nigger pussy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was universally beloved by his neighbours , and the Indians , who esteemed him , not only as a friend , but one high in communion with God in Heaven '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the stories they told were true . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her horse , rather . (Filtered Words: 0)
A two-run homer by [FILTERED] and a solo blast by [FILTERED] tied the game , and single runs in the eighth and ninth gave the Athletics their fifth victory in eight starts . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] said , `` Forgive and forget if you can ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
I was chairman , the only not youthful participant . (Filtered Words: 0)
There wasn't any ' violent argument ' between [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , as the Tribune puts it . (Filtered Words: 2)
I don't see them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The experimental second moment Af conforms to the relation Af in agreement with theory . (Filtered Words: 0)
A crude ladder ran down to a wooden floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their rebellion against authoritarian society is not far removed from the violence of revolt characteristic of the juvenile delinquent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Slipping her hand in his , they silently watched the Burnsides make the bend in the road and disappear from sight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hal , the linguist , saw the glittering discs and necklaces in terms of the languages spoken therein . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the house was about half consumed , his comrade ran to the door and threw up his hands , declaring repeatedly that he did not know the whereabouts of Manuel . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had part of a bottle of French beer called [FILTERED] ( so help me ) , then switched to Tuborg . (Filtered Words: 1)
Another snarled close overhead . (Filtered Words: 0)
The north portion of the Essex bridge was well worth the cost of construction , although it proved to be twice what was estimated in the beginning . (Filtered Words: 0)
A study of their activity on thyroglobulin has shown that thyroxine is not preferentially released and that the degradation proceeds stepwise with the formation of macromolecular intermediates ( Alpers , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , 1956 ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
It must be conceded that his native land provided Prokofieff with many of the necessary conditions for great creative incentive : economic security and cultural opportunities , incisive idioms , social fermentations for a new national ideology -- a sympathetic public and a large body of performers especially trained to fulfill his purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the GE plan , a number of individual contributors have positions and compensation higher than those of many managers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , if this were [FILTERED] next door to him and if , for some obscure female reason , she kept her clothes in the refrigerator , they would not be pink . (Filtered Words: 1)
And so , still wondering and a little perplexed , he grinned at the girl and spoke lightly to make sure that she would know he was kidding . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , our Peace Corps personnel should be offered as technician helpers in development projects of the U.N. and other international agencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lower limit was determined by the fact that for smaller flow rates the arc started to strike to the anode holder instead of to the porous graphite plug and that it became highly unstable . (Filtered Words: 0)
He peered closely at Hoag in the gathering darkness . (Filtered Words: 0)
If , when this was all over , she found the words to tell him about it , she wondered if he would ever understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
To achieve this destiny , acts as well as words are needed -- not only acts that lead to physical strength but also acts that lead to strength based on right doing and respect . (Filtered Words: 0)
each succeeding day brought new acts of violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Specific dates would be important , as would double names . (Filtered Words: 0)
East Berlin ( Communist ) radio in German to Germany : (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no compulsion behind them . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
To provide the continuous flow of information basic to administrative decisions , a number of institutions have established offices of institutional research . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , but and but . (Filtered Words: 0)
Get pig-drunk -- that's what he wants . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Labor (Filtered Words: 0)
some of these are listed below : ( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
It provides pastoral care for the sick and troubled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The design is determined emotionally : `` I must reach into myself for the spring that will send me catapulting recklessly into the chaos of event with which the dance confronts me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The film consists of a series of still , transparent photographs , or `` frames '' , 35-mm.-wide . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is little evidence that existing public or private training programs have any great difficulty getting students to enroll in their programs , even though they must pay tuition , receive no subsistence payments , and are not guaranteed a job . (Filtered Words: 0)
( F ) (Filtered Words: 0)
She clearly agreed that this had been the case . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is an inwardness and a luster to old furniture ( look at that mahogany highboy behind you ) which has a provocative emanation , if I may say so . (Filtered Words: 0)
As to protection , the speaker disapproved of shelters , pointing out that fallout shelters would not save everyone . (Filtered Words: 0)
His own children had suffered from the weakening of those values which he and Theresa had always taken for granted , and as for his grandchildren ( he had one so far , still in diapers ) , he shuddered to think that the true meaning of character might never dawn on them at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
In carrying out the provisions of this Act , the Secretary is authorized and directed to provide for the giving of notice of strikes or lock-outs to applicants before they are referred to employment . (Filtered Words: 0)
You should see to it that the trap , the dirt-catcher in front of the filter , is always clean . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sharp , burning colors of his body stood brilliant and plain against the black soil , like a target . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same editorial continued that `` We expected to democratize Japan and Korea and to see a new China pattern itself easily on our institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a well-known relationship between probability and entropy which states that Af , where **zq is the probability that state ( i.e. , volume for an ideal gas ) could be reached by chance alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
have the short action ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I submit that this is the key problem of international relations , that it always has been , that it always will be . (Filtered Words: 0)
I prefer to speak , however , of [FILTERED] , the person , rather than [FILTERED] , the American institution . (Filtered Words: 2)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
the bad late poems are bad Hardy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The theorem which we prove is more general than what we have described , since it works with the primary decomposition of the minimal polynomial , whether or not the primes which enter are all of first degree . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've got to run an errand on the way . (Filtered Words: 0)
The color and shape of seeds have long made them attractive for ornaments and decorations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Relativism and equality are its characteristic diseases . (Filtered Words: 0)
One night , at the close of the evening service , he came forward , left his resentment at the altar and gave his heart to God . (Filtered Words: 0)
Magnum rim-fires . (Filtered Words: 0)
These plans , like Du Pont's , contained provisions for passing the vote on Du Pont's General Motors shares on to the ultimate stockholders of Du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware , except that officers and directors of the three companies , their spouses , and other people living in their households , as well as other specified persons , were to be totally disenfranchised . (Filtered Words: 0)
There came a ghost of noise at the office door and Hague swung to see [FILTERED] in the entrance from the outer room . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I am sure that nothing within me is capable of composing that life-like sequence , so complete in detail , from the hodge-podge of news pictures I have seen . (Filtered Words: 0)
You're a reporter , and you're looking for Miss Perrin to interview her . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we were asked why we thought so , we should say that these things involve great evil and are wrong , and that to take delight in what is evil or wrong is plainly unfitting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only a few more than 10,000 boats had been registered with the Division of Harbors and Rivers at the end of the 1960 boating season , but many had been taken out of the water early when the threat of a hurricane brought the season to an early close . (Filtered Words: 0)
It should have a dramatic form with pleasing language , and it should portray incidents which so arouse pity and fear that it purges these emotions in the audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reference coordinator at headquarters also serves as a consultant , and is available to work with the local librarian in helping to strengthen local reference service . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since experience indicates that effluents from oxidation ponds do not create major problems at these BOD concentrations , the goal for the effluent quality of the accelerated treatment system was the same as from conventional oxidation ponds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such specialized training institutions could be located near the most rapidly growing industries , where the equipment and job experience exist and where the future employment opportunities are located . (Filtered Words: 0)
Small Business Administration , What It Is , What It Does , SBA Services For Community Economic Development , and various other useful publications on currently important management , technical production , and marketing topics are available , on request , from Small Business Administration , Washington 25 , D.C. . (Filtered Words: 0)
but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content -- the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian . (Filtered Words: 0)
In connection with our continuing development of new and more efficient mill machinery , a sounder U. S. income tax policy on depreciation of production equipment , enabling the mills to charge off the cost of new machines on a more realistic basis , could , if adopted , have favorable effects on [FILTERED]'s business in the next few years . (Filtered Words: 1)
The way a house is set on its lot can therefore influence how much cooling you're going to need . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] , who attends Sweet Briar College in Virginia , will rejoin her father , Dr. [FILTERED] , at the family home in Richmond pl. Wednesday for part of the Carnival festivities . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` I hate to call the doctor but if this keeps up I'll just have to ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The Plymouth was coming at him from the east , the pickup truck from the west . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the number of reported freight car loadings increased , this was taken to indicate increased industrial activity , and consequently increased stock earnings , implying fatter dividends , and implying therefore increased stock market prices . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death . (Filtered Words: 0)
she could be sure of that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Back to w. coast (Filtered Words: 0)
Though [FILTERED] , by grace of Soviet tanks , may be head man in East Germany , that does not give him any right to usurp the government of East Berlin or to absorb that semi-city into the Soviet zone . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Now they've gone , they didn't come back , and they didn't arrest that Dronk boy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) and was repealed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He begins : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
If he is the child of nothingness , if he is the predestined victim of an age of atomic wars , then he will consult only his own organic needs and go beyond good and evil . (Filtered Words: 0)
Choose a location within easy commuting distance of both the regular job and other employment opportunities . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I usually stick to the old phrase : ' Ich habe ein Amt , aber keine [FILTERED] ( I hold an office , but I do not feel entitled to have an opinion ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ventilation . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in Figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mae wouldn't have plotted a thing like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon they were all shouting greetings , exchanging smiles , and rejoicing to think that they were all back together again . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is done by measuring the distance from the surface on which the tire is resting to the center of the rear axle shaft . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , -- [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The twirled , stylized design of winding stems and floral forms strongly suggests the embroidered patterns used so extensively for upholstery during the Jacobean period in England . (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind it a cabin cruiser drifted crossways in the small ground-swell , a lone fisherman in the chair aft . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` O ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The performances were assured , communicative and pleasingly informal . (Filtered Words: 0)
His mother Bess , who could not write herself , reminded her husband through Sturley to buy the apron he had promised her and `` a suite of hattes for 5 boies the yongst lined & trimmed with silke '' ( for John , only a year old ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
He might even suppose the planets to move at infinity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once on the road ( and especially if the passengers were all regulars and masculine ) , the schedule meant nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The invariant lines are the lines of the congruence of secants of **zg , since each of these meets Q in two points which are invariant . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is for growing closer . (Filtered Words: 0)
He caught her eye , came back around the car with the boot-wearer ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I thought perhaps there were no partners available and I've had no directives from Central '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We lived for a while in a movie melodrama with a German cook and her son who turned out to be Nazis . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the secret itself was just as hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
In defining personal property , it specifically mentions `` all ships or vessels , at home or abroad '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until professional planners meet this situation squarely and update the concepts of zoning in a manner acceptable to the courts , I hope we in East Greenwich can continue to shape our own destiny . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remarks of Hon. [FILTERED] of Illinois (Filtered Words: 1)
Sometimes it was dangerous for her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he turns back to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The figure was close enough now for him to see the nose twitching to dislodge the drop clinging there . (Filtered Words: 0)
I heard you '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She reached and reached around the dress , but there was nothing there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deal furniture with a mahogany finish was neatly arranged as if it stood in the window of a department store . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The problem needs further exploration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Must Berlin remain divided ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She set the dipper on the edge of the deck , leaving it for him to stretch after it while she looked on scornfully . (Filtered Words: 0)
There one finds concentrated in a comparatively small area the chief universities , colleges , and preparatory schools of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then there is a matchmaker , one [FILTERED] , a role for which [FILTERED] was happily selected . (Filtered Words: 2)
Those who do have occasion to deal with the invasions in a more general way , like T.W. Shore and [FILTERED] , are on the side of a gradual and often peaceful Germanic penetration into Britain . (Filtered Words: 1)
With the aid of that I could hear my man moving around , heard him cough a couple of times , heard the toilet flush , heard the sound of water running . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under scrutiny , two of the witnesses said , were payments and loans to Stein's National Maintenance company at 543 Madison St. . (Filtered Words: 0)
In many societies , what we regard as corruption , favoritism , and personal influence are so accepted as consistent with the mores of officialdom and so integral a part of routine administrative practice that any attempt to force their elimination will be regarded by the local leadership as not only unwarranted but unfriendly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Union Pacific Railroad streamliner , City of San Francisco , stopped in Ogden , Utah , for a few minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wouldn't have the strength to answer , he thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
The crime showed too much planning , the kidnappers appeared too proficient to be caught by a checklist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Try as I might to confess my sins and accept salvation , no answer came to me from heaven . (Filtered Words: 0)
I won't '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] payments involved (Filtered Words: 1)
The Orioles got a run in the first inning when Breeding , along with [FILTERED] , the two Birds who got a pair of hits , doubled to right center , moved to third on [FILTERED] single to right and crossed on Kunkel's wild pitch into the dirt in front of the plate . (Filtered Words: 2)
When he came back to the schoolhouse , his mind was made up . (Filtered Words: 0)
All comments concerning effectiveness and use of drugs have been carefully reviewed by a veterinary medical officer with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The cast : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am terribly sorry to keep you waiting '' , she said , `` but won't you make yourself a little drink while you wait ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern warfare was born in this campaign -- periscopes , camouflage , booby traps , land mines , extended order , trench raids , foxholes , armored cars , night attacks , flares , sharpshooters in trees , interlaced vines and treetops , which were the forerunners of barbed wire , trip wires to thwart a cavalry charge , which presaged the mine trap , and the general use of anesthetics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Toys he has can be made to act as substitutes for family temptations such as refrigerator and gas stove . (Filtered Words: 0)
When suitable equipment is located by the SBA representative , the small business concern is contacted and advised on when , where , and how to bid on such property . (Filtered Words: 0)
The suggestion that in saying something evil had occurred we were after all making no mistake , because we had never meant anyhow to say anything about the past suffering , seems to me merely frivolous . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] , you may recall that we printed last week your denial of having retracted the contradiction of your original statement . (Filtered Words: 1)
Already , however , several of the turnpikes are earning enough to cover interest requirements by comfortable margins . (Filtered Words: 0)
Looking the setup over , [FILTERED] started coolly for the rear of the place . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
out of the question was the neutralization of Asia and Africa . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was no man's land , disputed by the Haijac Union and the Israeli Republic , a potential source of war for the last two hundred years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Communication (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , vice-president ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Part 2 , , up to the end of 1951 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both have been active in the association . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then I dry the sheet under mild pressure so that it will lie flat as a board . (Filtered Words: 0)
An imaginative storyteller , Pimen takes on the character he describes , as if he were experiencing the old shepherd's blindness and miraculous cure . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This is my rock '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again we waited for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
She felt a lift in spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not that they had been contracted for during the interval ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Both had blonde hair and blue eyes , and there was even a faint similarity of features . (Filtered Words: 0)
Traveling all night , [FILTERED] and twelve men arrived at about seven o'clock May 22 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The courts shared the opinion of the employers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Culmone gets first win (Filtered Words: 0)
The boldness of champions (Filtered Words: 0)
This was no man's land , disputed by the Haijac Union and the Israeli Republic , a potential source of war for the last two hundred years . (Filtered Words: 0)
' And would you believe it ' , Vic added , ' she likes him better than she does me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Which theory is more fantastic : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A non-contributory plan usually won't pay off for the worker until he retires . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wards protected (Filtered Words: 0)
Used in several sets of high reps once or twice each week it will not be long before your entire upper leg takes on a razor-sharp definition in which the muscles look like wire cables writhing and twisting under the skin ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. John 14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` More arrests , I fear '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their policy ran counter to the traditional idea that a good fighter was usually a libertine , and that in sex affairs `` God-given passion '' was a proof of manliness . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Protestant woman marveled to me over the large crowds going in and out of the Birmingham Oratory ( Catholic ) Church on Sunday mornings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Origin of state automobile practices . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let Old Knife come up and kill you and your people , or would you steer him on someone else '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The old Morse system was replaced locally by the Simplex modern automatic method in 1929 , when [FILTERED] ( [FILTERED] ) was manager of the Western Union office . (Filtered Words: 2)
Bienville realized that if the French were to hold the southeastern tribes against the enticements of British goods , French traders must be able to offer a supply as abundant as the Carolinians and at reasonable prices . (Filtered Words: 0)
Judging class for intermediates proposed (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That damn door '' , said the police chief . (Filtered Words: 0)
Utopian communism applies to all Utopians . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some day , many years in the future , true spacecraft will be able to find and destroy mobile targets . (Filtered Words: 0)
theory of non-newtonian fluids (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , a husband who always has been vigorous and assertive may suddenly become passive -- asking , psychologists say , for reassurance that his wife still finds him desirable . (Filtered Words: 0)
I sat waiting for Life to come along and sweep me up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another example is the recent cancellation of the F-108 , a long-range interceptor with a speed three times as great as the speed of sound , which was designed for use against manned bombers in the period of the mid-1960's . (Filtered Words: 0)
By mid-June , millions of Americans will take to the road on vacation trips up and down and back and forth across this vast and lovely land . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vandiver likely will mention the $100 million highway bond issue approved earlier in the session as his first priority item . (Filtered Words: 0)
With respect to this view , two points are worth making . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stop shaking '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
ordered an investigation of [FILTERED]'s death ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
It does not take a Gallup poll to find out that most Republicans in Congress feel this understates the situation as Republicans see it . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
He could tell they were approaching the sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
The problems of color change by blanching and liquid accumulation within the package are the same as for solid cuts . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the New York Times : (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , the program for fleet modernization will be stepped up in 1961 causing an increase in expenditures . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The blueberry pie is good , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nothing could make it necessary to proclaim it to the whole world '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such identification comes for each group in each crisis by rewriting history into legend and developing appropriate national heroes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cady handed her the letter , drank his coffee and waited with what he suddenly realized was belligerence . (Filtered Words: 0)
A constant is a number that remains the same regardless of the other numbers used in the formula and the resultant equation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clerk's eyes flickered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frontage on a body of clear , clean water will be vastly different from the same amount of frontage on polluted water . (Filtered Words: 0)
On that final Sunday at Pensacola neither Palmer nor Player was leading the tournament and , as it turned out , neither won it . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a match is found , an entry is made in the table of dictionary usage . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a crucial session with the world on the edge of momentous developments . (Filtered Words: 0)
No comparable measures are available of enrollments and expenditures for private vocational education training . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a slight lapse condition , a moderate fog , and 100 per cent relative humidity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten thousand twisty miles of shoreline frame the 30-odd lakes in the vast Tennessee River system that loops in and out of seven states . (Filtered Words: 0)
She accused him of ignoring her . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Harlan-Marcia ) has gone in 2:37 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Open market policy (Filtered Words: 0)
One moment , the road was filled with disciplined troops , marching four by four with a purpose as implacable as death ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Kitti had come along to justify everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] would tilt his hat over one ear as he lounged with his feet on the dashboard , indulging in a huge cigar . (Filtered Words: 1)
He may be the only song writer ever to have collaborated with a secretary of the U. S. Treasury ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
From shock and incredulity , most of the listeners went on to open resistance and animosity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Congratulations on the article `` Do We Need A College Of Propaganda '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Francesca and [FILTERED] were habitual committee chairmen and they usually managed to be elected co-chairmen , equal bosses , of whatever PTA or civic project was being launched . (Filtered Words: 1)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boys love it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The taxi driver taking the visitor from the airport remarks that politicians in the state are `` all the same '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dice , for example , he inferred from black dots on a white surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ships disappear hull-first over the horizon ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] poked at it gingerly with his foot . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] made it evident that he had contributed his maximum . (Filtered Words: 1)
Something flailed at the side of Nick's head as they rolled around and around . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Felix '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Maximum length (Filtered Words: 0)
Ma never went near the old man when he was sleeping it off . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cried out to her , his back turned . (Filtered Words: 0)
College publications (Filtered Words: 0)
I looked at her in amazement . (Filtered Words: 0)
I belong to Master [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Both are good bunters : [FILTERED] once beat out eighteen of nineteen in the minor leagues ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Princess [FILTERED] , Prince Souvanna Phouma's young daughter , read the Princes' statement . (Filtered Words: 1)
A pot was boiling on the coals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some liar's logic , a wisp of optimism as fragile as the scent of tropical blossoms that came through the window ( a euphoria perhaps engendered by the pill [FILTERED] had given her ) , consoled her for a moment . (Filtered Words: 1)
The statement did not mention what steps might be taken to overcome the legal obstacles to desegregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
To minimize the chances of repeating the [FILTERED] debacle the Ibrahim government was formed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Every policy officer cannot help but be a planning officer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , if the middle number is activated to its greatest potential in terms of this square , through multiplying it by the highest number , 9 ( which is the square of the base number ) , the result is 45 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She had made curtains for all the windows of her little house , and she had kept it spotless and neat , shabby as it was , and cooked good meals for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The project is currently supported by Harvard University . (Filtered Words: 0)
He accepted the environment of his destiny -- took root and grew to fulfill the stature of his early promise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Evidence that other sources of financing are unavailable must be provided . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mystique of sex , combined with marijuana and jazz , is intended to provide a design for living . (Filtered Words: 0)
Minneapolis , Aug. 7 (Filtered Words: 0)
The truth in their conflicting concepts was expounded by statesmen of the calibre of [FILTERED] and Calhoun , and defended in the end by leaders of the nobility of Lincoln and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The social time gives an opportunity for church leaders to become acquainted with the new members . (Filtered Words: 0)
But while she is able to tell her retarded family about the new world she has seen open before her , [FILTERED] has not been able to observe her progress , and instead of appearing at a family party to be looked over like a new bull , he sends [FILTERED] a letter of dismissal . (Filtered Words: 2)
He really hadn't meant to , he assured her , but it was plain to her that the importance of these small things was lost on Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] might not be the most intelligent woman , but she was one of the most determined . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` As a great favor , Julie '' , he said , `` please don't mention you've seen me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Use wooden design head of mold for pattern C ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She had a dried-out quality -- a gray , lean woman , not unattractive . (Filtered Words: 0)
But at the same time he moved his helicopter-borne marines to within an hour of the fighting . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Aw , shut up '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted to buy time to strengthen the U. S. and its allies and to define and begin to implement his foreign policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And I don't know why you want to go on wearing that outfit '' , she said , making a face . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- In France he had puzzled the meaning of the great stone monuments men had thrown up to the sky , and always as he wandered , he felt a stranger to their exultation . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when charity interpenetrates man's struggle for justice and freedom it does not simply surround this with a sentimental good will . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No helmets '' , the captain answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pockets of his jacket bulged . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] tripled to the rightfield corner , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] singled and Gaines' infield roller accounted for the tallies . (Filtered Words: 3)
In the mail were invitations to speak at the universities of Cologne , Heidelberg , and Baden-Baden . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED]' `` Once Upon A Time '' is a problem piece about a man and a woman and the three `` figures '' that bother them somehow . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is a trustee for the common good , however feeble the safeguards which the positive or municipal law of property provides against his misuse of that share of the common fund , wisely or unwisely , entrusted to his keeping . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next level attempts to weigh varied evidence and come to a balanced , sensible conclusion ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Assistant Prosecutor [FILTERED] , who tried both the Hengesbach and Pohl cases , said he did not know what would be done about two arson charges pending against Pohl . (Filtered Words: 1)
Both are primarily concerned with the uses that can be made of the material that the collector has found . (Filtered Words: 0)
A heart attack when she was barely 20 put an end to the 10-hour daily practicing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stars throughout the volume denote dates of marriages during the past year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her own sound production equipment was essentially more instrumental than vocal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Woven fabrics to be dried by procedure b ( flat-bed pressed ) or restored by procedure 3 ( hand ironing ) : (Filtered Words: 0)
No less ambiguous was the indefinity of a certain clergyman's sermon . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dated poems suggest that while Hardy's concern with poetry may have been constant , his production was not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why had not this success come to him before he had plunged into his [FILTERED] , and before he had committed himself to a life of austerity and denial ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
But whether the murder of El Benefactor in Ciudad Trujillo means freedom for the people of the Caribbean fiefdom is a question that cannot now be answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The police will have gone over every square inch of the place with a fine-tooth comb . (Filtered Words: 0)
The British government , concerned about the threat of unemployment in the shipbuilding industry , had put through a bill to give Cunard loans and grants totaling $50,400,000 toward the $84,000,000 cost of a new 75,000-ton passenger liner . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Winston '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
particles of lint and thread in the mouth and nostrils . (Filtered Words: 0)
he made it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This gave the Juniors the use of the entire ring at the show -- a great advantage to them ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I , who until that day before had been Mrs. [FILTERED]'s friend , her equal , was the servant now . (Filtered Words: 1)
The figure on the earth halted , seemingly bewildered . (Filtered Words: 0)
You're the kind of bastard who sneaks up on a man from behind and hits him with a club . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had not yet undertaken the great exploit of his later years , the rediscovery of the ancient Inca highway , the route of Pizarro in Peru , but he had climbed to the original El Dorado , the Andean lake of Guatemala , and he had scaled the southern Sierra Nevada with its Tibetan-like people and looked into the emerald mines of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The New Bedford Standard-Times has reported Knowlton as saying , long after the trial , that if he only knew what Borden said during his conversation with [FILTERED] , he would have convicted `` somebody '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Let me illustrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is almost time for and calinda to begin '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
An area may be too small for the needs of the project . (Filtered Words: 0)
among them , she had to prepare the guest room . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the one hand , the Public Health Service declared as recently as October 26 that present radiation levels resulting from the Soviet shots `` do not warrant undue public concern '' or any action to limit the intake of radioactive substances by individuals or large population groups anywhere in the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
They tasted good to him , so he brought some to breakfast to eat in his cereal bowl with milk and honey . (Filtered Words: 0)
test of interaction of compulsivity and teaching methods (Filtered Words: 0)
The phrase `` consent of the governed '' needs a hard look . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither reason , said the Court , applied to the case at hand ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were a few blades of lint on the shoulder . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not that she disliked [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Designed for summer comfort are the shoes illustrated . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And don't either of you forget that I'm not any man's property . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
The cloth is laid on one half of the bottom at a time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He recommended both of them for the DSM and the Detroit fellow for the Purple Heart , too , for a combat-inflicted wound . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to [FILTERED]'s London-bred mind , such acreage sounded rather invincible . (Filtered Words: 1)
The revenue from O'Banion's Cicero territory went up still higher , until the yield was more than the [FILTERED]-Capone takings from the far bigger trade area of Chicago's South and West Sides . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s type of man allowed this sort of thing to happen . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Northeast (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I told you what Miss [FILTERED]'s doctor said '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` A man was holding onto [FILTERED] , holding him up . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here are several : (Filtered Words: 0)
their passions were genuine , and the division between them and the abolitionists is clear-cut . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather we see here another vicious circle . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has made it his , and his it remains , irrevocably . (Filtered Words: 0)
( He always smiles -- at least at visitors , I gather . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who but [FILTERED] himself ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
I shall touch on three areas : personal , national , and theological . (Filtered Words: 0)
What were they to do , then , with these awkward judgments of value ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Park visitors are always eager to learn more about the area they are in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] never got around to joining the thousand or so people who paid [FILTERED] some $30,000 for his ozone machines . (Filtered Words: 2)
In the corner was the soldier with the white flag . (Filtered Words: 0)
The infield was well flooded but the expanded outfield was much too dark . (Filtered Words: 0)
The shadow vanished . (Filtered Words: 0)
The circle came nearer and nearer . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the time the chocks were pulled until the plane was out of sight , he knew [FILTERED] would keep his back to the strip . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dumont spoke on the merit of having an open primary . (Filtered Words: 0)
GOP restrained (Filtered Words: 0)
The task of taking the raw material of Marcel Pagnol's original trio of French films about people of the waterfront in [FILTERED] and putting them again on the screen , after their passage through the Broadway musical idiom , was a delicate and perilous one , indeed . (Filtered Words: 1)
But of course behind his boldness he didn't feel bold at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the negotiations began , his quarrel with the king of France was temporarily in abeyance , and he had no intention of reviving it so long as there was hope that French money would come to pay the troops who , under [FILTERED] , the papal vicar of Tuscany , were so valuable in the crusade against the [FILTERED] cardinals and their Sicilian allies . (Filtered Words: 2)
It had gone like clockwork . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even when defenseless of weapons the Danes would be Gar-Dene ( as their king is [FILTERED] ) and [FILTERED] would be EUMMELIHS . (Filtered Words: 2)
Thus , the public-limit price is raised further by a given wage increase the longer it has been since the previous price increase . (Filtered Words: 0)
If any among the hardy hundreds who sat in the downpour are in doubt about how it comes out , let them take comfort . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could also hear the stream which he had seen from his position . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew that three or four of them were almost always present in the hall , but what they were doing , and exactly where , I could not tell . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dated poems also give us an idea of the degree to which Hardy drew upon past productions for his various volumes , and therefore probably are an indication of the amount of poetry he was writing at the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
I nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
The process of erosion need only undermine the tradition and a series of consequences begin unfolding within the individual , while in institutions a quiet but deep transformation of processes occurs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The necessity of that day has long disappeared . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had formed his own task force of three stragglers and led them up the hill in a Fighting Seventh charge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vicksburg , Mississippi ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , there were those ( Moise Tshombe ) who favored near-Balkanization , a loose federalism having a central government of limited authority , with much power residing in the states . (Filtered Words: 0)
Composite samples were collected at weekly intervals . (Filtered Words: 0)
new product potential ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One or two practice runs should be sufficient for solo . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hens are kept on the range and roosters are kept with them for their fertility . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He and his safety man , [FILTERED] , swam up to the boarding ladder together . (Filtered Words: 1)
He gathered one of the biggest collections of [FILTERED] in the world . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] resolved this contradiction by ceasing to write mystery stories and turning to other pursuits . (Filtered Words: 1)
So you'll have everything all to yourself , doggone '' (Filtered Words: 0)
It just about blew us both out of the water when [FILTERED] suddenly came out with what she came out with . (Filtered Words: 1)
Friend or enemy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw with [FILTERED] now that the perfectability of man was a dream . (Filtered Words: 1)
Last year [FILTERED] arranged to sell $1,500,000 worth of Klees to the state of North Rhine-Westphalia , which will house them in a museum that is yet to be built . (Filtered Words: 1)
The fat man has trouble buying life insurance or has to pay higher premiums . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hearst disclaimed blame for this , but the conversation , according to [FILTERED] , ended on a tart note . (Filtered Words: 1)
The policeman walked on , but he looked back once . (Filtered Words: 0)
My love for [FILTERED] was young and clean -- how could I possibly compete with a woman like that , who didn't hesitate to use her sex . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some fiscal changes are important . (Filtered Words: 0)
A terrible chill swept through the grove . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he returned home , the station wagon loaded with tools , [FILTERED] had gone with a friend to some meeting in the village , using the recently purchased second car . (Filtered Words: 1)
The [FILTERED] had been scheduled for the treatment too , but apparently it was to take place at the time of the full moon when the Athenians themselves , out of respect for the natural beauty of the occasion , were wont to forgo their own usual nocturnal illumination . (Filtered Words: 1)
He wiped the blood from his cheek . (Filtered Words: 0)
These responses are explicable in terms of characteristics inherent in the crisis . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is nothing in the whole range of human experience more widely known and universally felt than spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Persons , whether white , black , brown or yellow , are a concern of God . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sources of data : (Filtered Words: 0)
Regardless of how much of a slob you knew yourself to be , you could be certain they would never find out -- and even if they did it would make no difference . (Filtered Words: 0)
The image of man which enters into force with Aeschylus is still vital in Phedre and Athalie . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the rings was a white gold band with a diamond setting , valued at $900 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was little enough time to contemplate them , however ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Quint glared . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm had to hide his secret . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hair like a morning-frightened sparrow's wings , with the sun shining down over them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon they will begin to hunt down the traitors they are assured are in our midst . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the haunt of writer [FILTERED] , who admired its redwoods . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , by comparing the TV snatches , two different radio station re-runs , and the censored Los Angeles Times version , I found that the radio stations had edited out questions ( ABC removed the one regarding Laos ) or even a paragraph out of the middle of the President's answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the lawman who survived more gunfights than any other famous gun-slinging character in the book . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet [FILTERED] plowed ahead , mouthing the inconsequential words as if they possessed real meaning , and gradually his listeners warmed to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had eaten almost nothing on the crested , three-sectioned plate and had drunk about half the milk in its paper container . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can the church risk assuming that the `` folly '' of men is as dear to God as their `` wisdom '' , or , as is also commonly implied , that `` the foolishness of God '' and `` the foolishness of men '' are simply two ways of talking about the same thing ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] Purdew would turn to him and say : `` Adam , you know when I was a boy , it was a funny thing happened . (Filtered Words: 1)
He conjures herds of deer , and wild birds crowding the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
in the sphere was starting buffer and in the cone was final buffer , 0.50 M in both Af and Tris , pH 4.1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the fullness of her vocal splendor , however , she could sing the famous scene magnificently . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new Council was itself inescapably of political meaning , which was most clearly revealed in the absence of any U.N.F.P. members and the presence of several Istiqlal leaders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Loan amount (Filtered Words: 0)
He returned in command of an international army of Gurkhas , Indians , Africans , Chinese and British . (Filtered Words: 0)
A study of the hydrogen line profiles indicates that a measurement of these profiles can be used to calculate a temperature for the arc plasma that is reliable to about Af percent . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is an averaging device intended to ease the tax burden of fluctuating income ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Walking away on impulse , he might logically leave behind what it was inconvenient to carry . (Filtered Words: 0)
That fire's too big . (Filtered Words: 0)
We're going someplace '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly , most continue to lack a certain warmth in communication with other people , but many adjust to school , even college , to jobs and even to marriage and parenthood . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] felt his heart thud heavily with relief . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here , in the old days -- when they had come to see the moon or displays of fireworks -- sat the king and his court while priests , soldiers , and other members of the party lounged in the smaller alcoves between . (Filtered Words: 0)
its waves persisted for a week and were felt as far away as the English coast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , the Commission set up the Council for Financial Aid to Education as a means of encouraging private business to increase its support of private higher education . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purified product was stored at -78-degrees in a tube equipped with a break seal . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Deegan '' , the manager said , his voice pitched low , quivering . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where there were none fifteen years ago , several scholars currently are edging their way cautiously towards the acceptance of the `` shore occupied by '' position . (Filtered Words: 0)
the three-front war (Filtered Words: 0)
His matchmaking is , naturally , incidental , and it only serves [FILTERED] right when a determined widow takes him by the ear and leads him off to matrimony . (Filtered Words: 1)
When the answer to what's wrong now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Parker called for abolition of the indiscriminate or uncontrolled right of taking depositions before officers of the court who had no authority to limit testimony . (Filtered Words: 0)
stem frequencies 7 and 1 , 86% ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Good God above , had not Domokous been enough ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Microscopic studies of the gastrocnemius , pectoralis major , transversus abdominis , biceps brachii , and diaphragm showed atrophy as well as varying degrees of injury ranging from swelling and vacuolization to focal necrosis of the muscle fibers . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the last second I dropped my sights from the bare chest and bright red circle to the chest of his pony . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hypothesizing a series of developmental stages that begin in the individual's infancy and end in his old age , Erikson has indicated that the adolescent is faced with a series of identity crises . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experts point to the thinning of pitching talent in the American League caused by expansion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` Thoughts in Loneliness '' is , as Professor Book indicated , in sharp contrast with the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Styka studied his captain . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when [FILTERED] rides with them they also have to take the two girls who usually ride with her , so the little car isn't big enough . (Filtered Words: 1)
That is in the continuance of the `` grandfather clauses '' in their membership requirements . (Filtered Words: 0)
His official term expired last summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
A flow of correspondence between Pfohl and [FILTERED] resulted in an invitation to the 85-student North Carolina group to play the first concert . (Filtered Words: 1)
This light did not penetrate very far back into the hall , and my eyes were hindered rather than aided by the dim daylight entering through the fan vents when I tried to pick out whatever might be lying , or squatting , on the floor below . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the proposed correlation of the many interrelated properties of crystals will reveal discrepancies in the recorded data and suggest areas for reinvestigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not difficult to see that the stamens of the catkin are always arranged in pairs , and that each individual flower is nothing but one such pair standing on a green , black-tipped little scale . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Af was assigned as the information cell for Af , the routine can detect that Af is identical to Af by comparing Af with the form stored at location Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
And particularly in the musical field , adaptations have long been the rule , from Die Fledermaus and The Merry Widow to Oklahoma! and My Fair Lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other words , the anastomoses between the bronchial artery and pulmonary artery should be considered as functional or demand shunts . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 The Redbirds' disheartening 11-7 collapse against the Phillies Sunday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adolescents have a much-discussed tendency to polarize ideas and values , to perceive things as `` either-or '' , black or white -- nuances of meaning are relatively unimportant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Subject to certain constitutional restraints in favor of fair trials , each level of government is free to devise its own judicial procedures . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
At a party an English intellectual -- so-called -- asked me why I write always about distress . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Listen , mister . (Filtered Words: 0)
I remembered , too , the jesting voice of a classmate , [FILTERED] : `` But how do they reproduce , Dr. [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
`` What is your name '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What did he do for relaxation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There was just too much time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first reason would never apply to a reorganization transfer which meets the conditions of section 381(a) , which is the only type presently under discussion . (Filtered Words: 0)
that Mrs. [FILTERED] would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But isn't it almost impossible to get into the union '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The ground crew , which ordinarily fuels a 707 in twenty minutes , took fully three hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tensions accompanying a repressive consciousness of wrongdoing or sinning or some tormenting secret are relieved for the less self-contained or self-sufficient by confession , repentance , and penance . (Filtered Words: 0)
So it is that we relive his opening statement in the first television address with the dramatic immediacy of the present . (Filtered Words: 0)
He may have to depend upon custom service for specialized operations , such as spraying or threshing , and for these , he may have to wait his turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Repeating it like a student telling himself that the jewel is in the lotus he sank into nirvana . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is merely the latest example of the leapfrog growth which formed the pattern of virtually all American cities . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , 61 , tall , grey as a possum , canning plant chief since 1946 , didn't know what to say . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pohl received the verdict without visible emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Success may mean merely the displacement of Western influence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other winners (Filtered Words: 0)
I took a deep breath , and the plunge . (Filtered Words: 0)
I waited until my man was coming out of the office with the key to a cabin before I went in to register . (Filtered Words: 0)
Danger cited (Filtered Words: 0)
Orlick shakes his hand at [FILTERED] , bangs the table with his fist , draws his unclenched hand `` across his mouth as if his mouth watered '' for his victim , lets his hands hang `` loose and heavy at his sides '' , and [FILTERED] observes him so intensely that he knows `` of the slightest action of his fingers '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He stared stonily at the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
He chooses to subordinate one to the other , sometimes reluctantly , accepting criticism for the lesser immoralities facts breed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Returns of estates or trusts are due on or before the 15th day of the 4th month after the close of the tax year . (Filtered Words: 0)
The famous old French and Spanish buildings with their elaborate wrought iron balconies and the narrow streets of the Latin Quarter present an Old World scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recklessly hurling the bronc sidewise into an intersecting draw , he plunged forward with undiminished speed . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , as he snarled unhappily when the inning was over , `` not a sonofabitch in the place would tell me '' , so little [FILTERED] ran all the way home . (Filtered Words: 1)
They began to describe in detail the woman's capacity for response . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the wife bed-hopped to the next on the list . (Filtered Words: 0)
She placed her palms , fingers outspread , on the desk in an odd gesture as if to say , `` Now , what next '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have to get up early for church tomorrow '' , she went on . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was tasting his mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he is not the only one who knows why he is always in company : the people who are watching him know why , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without comment he opened the closet and from its shelves constructed a highboard around the egg case which he had placed on the floor inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leaving Jess's where it lay , he left the stall . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great [FILTERED] brush painters painted wallpapers , too -- at least portable ones , screens . (Filtered Words: 1)
Microscopically , there was emphysema , fibrosis , and vascular congestion . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she went on down the list . (Filtered Words: 0)
You want him to be a leader of men , like you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attack (Filtered Words: 0)
To save time , some clarification seemed necessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What the hell do I care what you do with her all day ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The tulips and the big pink peonies had been blooming along the drive , and he had walked up from the bus almost singing . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] for . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her mother had done it before her , and even her old grandmother , who had collected money for smallpox and unwed mothers . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when they spoke they spoke to each other and not to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The style of life chosen by the beat generation , the rhythm and ritual they have adopted as uniquely their own , is designed to enhance the value of the sexual experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Acourse there's this deal o' [FILTERED]'s -- and [FILTERED]'s -- kinda hangin' fire , ain't it , maybe you've been kinda worryin' over that . (Filtered Words: 2)
He clattered down the stairs and out of the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our own studies in which bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses were demonstrated , were accomplished by injecting the bronchial artery first with no pressure on the pulmonary artery or vein , and then by injecting the pulmonary artery and vein afterwards . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kodyke was to head the dread company police . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A man was holding onto [FILTERED] , holding him up . (Filtered Words: 1)
These were thought to represent regenerating fibers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It recalls those words of another psalm : `` God is our refuge and strength , a very present help in trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not so obvious to her , but of more importance to her teachers , [FILTERED] ingested the precepts of her conditioning as easily as she absorbed her nutrient fluid . (Filtered Words: 1)
His denials of extensive reading notwithstanding , it is no doubt safe to assume that he has spent time schooling himself in Southern history and that he has gained some acquaintance with the chief literary authors who have lived in the South or have written about the South . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think you are being unfair to take these things up now . (Filtered Words: 0)
The music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra , [FILTERED] , has molded his group into a prominent musical organization , which is his life . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hatred tied his hands in Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in the role of Will Danaher , [FILTERED] roars and sneers sufficiently to intimidate not only one American but the whole British army , if he chose . (Filtered Words: 1)
We must use common sense in applying conditions (Filtered Words: 0)
These institutions which Mr. [FILTERED] names `` agreeable autocracies '' -- where did they come from ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , the defending champion , lost his title on the 72nd hole after a few minutes of misfortune that left even his fellow pros gaping in disbelief . (Filtered Words: 1)
When no medical problems exist , the newly married couple generally prefer to cope with the adjustments of their new relationship by themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` New Orleans '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The single curve line represents a specific formulation in a test example . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently , a positive feedback exists between the posterior hypothalamus and the cerebral cortex . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another great danger is that the emerging middle class will feel itself increasingly alienated from the political leaders who still justify their dominance by reference to the struggle for independence or the early phase of nationalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
right-of-entry only and ( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Far long ago , some other prisoner than one of these had tried to write a letter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Noting such evidence is the first step ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` S-s-sahjunt '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has recently become practical to use the radio emission of the moon and planets as a new source of information about these bodies and their atmospheres . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nischwitz fanned six and walked only [FILTERED] in the third inning . (Filtered Words: 1)
She helped him with the dishes , then he brought more water in from the spring before it got dark . (Filtered Words: 0)
All moneys received from dispositions under this section shall be paid into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's right '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
the other objectives were subordinated to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least one state vehicle was in existence in 1917 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was pious , too , once kneeling through the night from Holy Thursday to Good Friday , despite the protest of the nuns that this was too much for a young girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sat down in his high-backed stall , lips compressed , eyes glinting . (Filtered Words: 1)
the information cell Af is saved to represent the text occurrence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Score beveled edges and remove pieces from mold ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When Af for each i , we shall have Af , because the operator Af will then be 0 on the range of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
These balls are moving in great circles and ellipses , and are of course , the electrons , the particles of negative electricity which by their action create the forces that tie this atom of calcium to the neighboring atoms of oxygen and make up the solid structure of my finger bone . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` At first I was homesick '' , he answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked , taking a final gulp of my drink , and handing him the empty glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] made the same deduction ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'll get an elegant pair of thin-soled Italian shoes tomorrow , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Length of the shaft of these arrows may be evaluated according to the standard deviation values for each center in Table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most desirable features for a park are beautiful views or scenery . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why ain't you playin' ball '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Volume dipped to 3.28 million shares from 3.98 million Monday . (Filtered Words: 0)
two Ranger Fund purchase awards ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Approaching this problem on a statistical basis is invalid , because the opponent has the same sources available and will be encountered not under average conditions , but under the conditions most advantageous to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consultant , Advanced Development (Filtered Words: 0)
To add handle , place a wooden dowel against the inside wall of creamer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trial will be held , probably the first week of March , in the famous Old Bailey central criminal court where [FILTERED] , the naturalized British German born scientist who succeeded in giving American and British atomic bomb secrets to Russia and thereby changed world history during the 1950s , was sentenced to 14 years in prison . (Filtered Words: 1)
Poor John's rise continued to be meteoric . (Filtered Words: 0)
tree branches snapped as she pushed them ruthlessly away from her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wan light spread over the ground and the valley revealed in the first glimmer the contours of trees and fences and palely shadowed gullies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Du Pont would be enjoined from having as a director , officer , or employee anyone who was simultaneously an officer or employee of General Motors , and no director , officer , or employee of Du Pont could serve as a director of General Motors without court approval . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The fire's too big . (Filtered Words: 0)
His aim was hurried ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
No , [FILTERED] was out of range . (Filtered Words: 1)
You go . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Um '' , said the old lady , and brought her eyes down to the tray . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , Shea owned and operated the Long Island Indians , a minor league professional football team . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's cheaper to buy Wall-Tex and cover your outdoor table . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not that they had been contracted for during the interval ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There were no depressingly serious cases : the ward doctor sometimes teamed up with the chaplain to serve as a marriage counselor -- sometimes the Navy sent people back to the States to preserve a marriage -- but mental health as a rule was very high . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the fighting marshal's fifty-year run of immunity from violent death came to a full and final stop one night in a street at Cromwell , Oklahoma , where he had been sent to clean up the gambling and vice rackets . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have no answer as to why we are not alarmed . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
that on the immediate horizon , if further large-scale ( relatively speaking ) desegregation comes , it will result from court orders on suits filed in several Middle-South states . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] does not caricature him , as some actors have been inclined to do . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the apartment itself , all was still . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] took no chances . (Filtered Words: 1)
Two more shots followed in quick succession , dropping him limp and huddled on the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Never mind , thank you '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sun warmed her , as it seemed to be warming everything , perhaps even the underside of stones or the chill insides of churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
In western Massachusetts and northwest Connecticut , the Berkshires are at their vibrant prime the first week of October . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
The gun would fire or not , just as chance willed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gruesome humor of the Nazis was not forgotten -- the gas chamber with a sign on it with the name of a Jewish foundation and bearing a copper Star of David -- nor the gratuitous sadism of SS officers . (Filtered Words: 0)
And now , for Communist listeners and readers : (Filtered Words: 0)
Some chaps that know an area well can make their way by landmarks , a tree here , a wash here , a boulder there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Roll was being called . (Filtered Words: 0)
they had less immigration to contend with . (Filtered Words: 0)
One would need to test this proposition carefully ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The thermostat is important to get your engine up to operating temperature quickly , and to keep it running at its most efficient temperature through the proper circulation of the coolant . (Filtered Words: 0)
another wagon has no dog , and therefore is `` devoid of interest '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
if he wanted to leave me something let it be a trinket , nothing else . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her mouth , which had been so much in my thoughts , was warm and moist and tender . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is important , however , that the Peace Corps be advanced not as an arm of the Cold War but as a contribution to the world community . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Oh , Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
It all seemed rather hopeless . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've been bursting my lungs for you '' , Mr. [FILTERED] complained . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` The Pirates showed they could outclass the field last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is starred against [FILTERED] , trumpet ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Progress is being made , too , in improving motorists' access to many turnpikes . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wanted to paint again . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sure she'd turn it over to you , if you'd rather . (Filtered Words: 0)
This colt is another fine-looking equine . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'll choke '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
to encourage the practice of attending the theater ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But the key revelation is not new . (Filtered Words: 0)
Further , we must induce all industrialized nations of the Free World to work together to help lift the scourge of poverty from less fortunate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , abandoning the studies in the face of their promising outlook for all concerned , B. & O. entered on-again-off-again negotiations with C. & O. which resulted in the present situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she sighed and her face relaxed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recent statements by well-known scientists regarding the destructive power of the newest nuclear bombs and the deadly fall-outs should be sufficient to still the voices of those who advocate nuclear warfare instead of negotiations . (Filtered Words: 0)
she `` labored & thought she shuld effecte '' it but her husband said that `` we shuld wynne it by the sworde '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A rush of panic caught [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
She answered him precisely , missing not a beat in her scrutiny of the financial reports . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] got in the left-hand lane and cut across the Boulevard divider . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We aim t' be see-lective , y'know ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That pale kind's the worst '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never have to . (Filtered Words: 0)
The system itself is governed by a board of trustees , geographically representing its membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It didn't come from me . (Filtered Words: 0)
That she was out for a touch was certain , but when did she get to the pitch ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the fact that American Negroes rioted in the U.N. while [FILTERED] was addressing the Assembly shocked and baffled most white Americans . (Filtered Words: 1)
The bleeding girl was tiring fast ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This gives greater opportunity for the learning process . (Filtered Words: 0)
She drank and pushed back her gingham bonnet to wet a kerchief and wipe her face . (Filtered Words: 0)
More new addresses (Filtered Words: 0)
If we grasp this orientation as a key , our national conduct in all of the events here mentioned becomes intelligible . (Filtered Words: 0)
The moment the alarm goes off , information is immediately forwarded to Honolulu , which is the center of the warning system . (Filtered Words: 0)
We now write Af where Af are distinct complex numbers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hernandez looked suddenly uncertain . (Filtered Words: 0)
From Candlelight Club (Filtered Words: 0)
The x-ray diffraction pattern of the material , taken with CuK**ya radiation , indicated the presence of no extra lines and was in good agreement with the pattern of Douglass . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You all right '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She was [FILTERED] , a widow of good repute who was employed by [FILTERED]'s wife and lived with the family . (Filtered Words: 2)
His eyes burned feverishly . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one of the huts a group of men were huddled together , singing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Six years ago French Indochina , though in troubie , was in the Western camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Stevie ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] would be safe ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Of course , there were books about which nothing good could be said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cloth is laid on one half of the bottom at a time . (Filtered Words: 0)
To stop bleeding , cobwebs were applied to cuts and wounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before losing itself in the sands of the 19th Century , the grand stream of Italian Renaissance architectural decoration made a last appearance in the Brumidi frescos of the Capitol Rotunda in Washington . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his answer thereto , he advised the Board that he had made no such statement in 1956 , and asserted that his only claim to `` pioneering '' was in 1952 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The transportation system which serves the National Forests is a complex of highways and access roads and trails under various ownerships and jurisdictions . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , as the husband , is a jealous type who argues against her course and sues for divorce , labeling her action adulterous . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , the teacher can only go so far if the attitude of the community and the family is anti-intellectual . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I will go '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were both walking towards each other , unhurried . (Filtered Words: 0)
There has been a tendency on the part of many American linguists to assume that a phonemic transcription will automatically be the best possible orthography and that the only real problem will then be the social one of securing acceptance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experimental procedures (Filtered Words: 0)
It need hardly be remarked that [FILTERED] was not generally known for his scrupulosity about keeping his social engagements , which makes his irritation in this letter all the more significant . (Filtered Words: 1)
But , darn it all , why should we help a couple of spoiled snobs who had looked down their noses at us ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( See Source of Data , below for per capita income data to be used in this step . (Filtered Words: 0)
No doubt about [FILTERED] being the killer -- I have a witness . (Filtered Words: 1)
His legs pumped furiously , his long black hair streamed out behind him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In answering these questions , we need to ask not merely whether Communist troops have crossed over into territories they did not occupy before , and not merely whether disciplined agents of the Cominform are in control of governments from which they were formerly excluded : the success of Communism's war against the West does not depend on such spectacular and definitive conquests . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told Hanford his son had participated in numerous high-school activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a killer sub -- that is , a hunter of enemy subs . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was standing beside it , facing the field . (Filtered Words: 1)
the drought-seared North Central states are the most notable exceptions to the uptrend . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish I did . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ship's compass was useless because of the nearness of the magnetic North Pole . (Filtered Words: 0)
Speaker [FILTERED] has not limited his leadership as a statesman to his direction of the House in the Speaker's chair . (Filtered Words: 1)
If he decides to proceed , he will custom-make for [FILTERED] an appliance consisting of bands , plastic plates , fine wires , and tiny springs . (Filtered Words: 1)
What '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The cast : (Filtered Words: 0)
1 , the assumptions of the model (Filtered Words: 0)
I got hold his mouth open '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Properties (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet if Washington gets too indignant about Soviet fallout , it will have to do a lot of fast footwork if America decides it too must start pushing up the radiation count . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here , nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet there were always some that moved farther and farther out , seekin' grass and water . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl still did not raise her eyes , but she added simply , `` I'm pregnant '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously there has been no agreement on what American conservatism is , or rather , what it should be . (Filtered Words: 0)
If obeyed , the law brings order and satisfaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Garth brought one out . (Filtered Words: 0)
But that did not prevent him from writing more long letters , or from coming to spend his Christmas vacations with the hospitable , lively Szolds in their pleasant house on Lombard Street . (Filtered Words: 0)
As stated earlier in the paper , Onsets and Completions -- particularly the former -- provide a different tool or indicator of expectancy in osseous development , each within a limited age period . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I meant that you have a nice singing voice dear '' , the lady amended . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is discouraging for students to realize that the societies do not truly uphold the standards for which they are supposed to stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of the company's restrictions , he planned to build new posts in the territory . (Filtered Words: 0)
One more muddleheaded play like that one and they'd be leading him away . (Filtered Words: 0)
the top non-supervisory level , senior staff engineer , enjoys status and pay ranging up to that for the second level of engineering supervision . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] believes in a good full breakfast of fruit , hot cereal , milk , honey , whole-wheat toast with real butter and eggs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , if we are to observe American folklore in the twentieth century , we will do well to establish the relationships between folklore , nationalism and imperialism at the outset . (Filtered Words: 0)
Harriet was just as delighted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Peace is a worthy objective ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The big waking up had happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
It hung over them like a cloud , its arrival as sudden as a cloud skidding over the sun . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of more importance to the West than Poland's boundaries was the character of her government . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And in the future , since I write for a public of one , I can save the poor publishers from wasting their money '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and God allowed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
This affects us all intimately , and can leave us hopeless in the face of widespread distress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , [FILTERED]'s pursuit of Compeyson , his archenemy and betrayer , begins by his holding him in a vicelike grip on the river flats to frustrate his escape and culminates in his `` laying his hand on his cloak to identify him '' , thus precipitating the death-locked struggle in the water during which Compeyson drowns . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why , [FILTERED] said to himself , surprised at his own sudden insight , I'll bet some of those people who enter are just as happy as can be . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Contact (Filtered Words: 0)
Those qualities make [FILTERED] a popular asset at the Salvation Army's Social Center at 1200 Larimer St. . (Filtered Words: 1)
Just when it seems baseball might be losing its grip on the masses up pops heroics to start millions of tongues to wagging . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Put the rifle down , [FILTERED] , the girl said . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the State Department , hard-bitten Russian experts complained that the Capitol was out of its wits . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cut a notch in lid for spoon handle if desired . (Filtered Words: 0)
Branch Offices are located in other large cities . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is little time for the men in the command centers to reflect about the implications of these clocks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make sure that the metal tube through which the wire passes is in the shape of an inverted `` L '' , the foot of the `` L '' about three inches long , so that the puppet can hang directly under the light . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of those vaguely-imagined new , different people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hudson's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the Thames . (Filtered Words: 0)
As far as we know , no American bridge had been thus protected in 1792 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor need the critic be captious . (Filtered Words: 0)
You drive on and circle back and pull up beside them parked there . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least 20 other Americans were reported to have been arrested in a mass political roundup . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her hand tightened on the receiver . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh put it there '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
His firm hand will be desperately missed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's all over now , the driver thought as he saw the patrolman turn and walk rapidly down along the trailer toward them . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the teacher can only go so far if the attitude of the community and the family is anti-intellectual . (Filtered Words: 0)
Squeezing a look between [FILTERED]'s fat jowls and the car frame a handsome and still darkhaired lady inquired `` Y'all drahve '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
In a sense , the showdown promised by Mr. [FILTERED]'s sudden and tragic death has been avoided ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Who ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Gazing too long at the scenery could be tiring , so halts were contrived between meals . (Filtered Words: 0)
I bring you the cash , say five hundred for ten decks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Copernicus , to an extent unachieved by Ptolemy , approximated to Euclid's vision . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Start in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes he did this three or four times a day , for this Woman was almost always with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part 2 of Volume 1 , and Parts 2 and 3 of Volume 2 , contain the crystal descriptions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of Scotch-Irish-Scandinavian descent , [FILTERED] was born in County Down , Ireland . (Filtered Words: 1)
others never seem able to enter fully into the life of the classroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kodyke had appeared at the mine one day bearing a letter from Kruger . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is now a $1.0 billion business , up from $0.9 billion in 1959 , and should reach $1.1 billion in 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Use a textbook with assigned readings each week . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a student at the music camp 25 years ago and now on the President's staff as liaison representative with the House of Representatives , turned guest conductor for a [FILTERED] march , the `` Stars and Stripes Forever '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
He could put a stop to it , she told him again and again . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is what we mean when we say this demand must be accepted without condition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pretty soon a woman came along carrying a folded umbrella as a walking stick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your self-control in this respect will be the only witness to your understanding of what I am saying . (Filtered Words: 0)
And with that he walked off to give instruction to a rookie pitcher . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elements , alloys , inorganic and organic compounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
He walked home at night for two miles beyond the end of a suburban trolley . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spring and summer may be here officially , but those thermos stay in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other similar affirmations in the Declaration on Liberated Europe seemed to assure democratic institutions on the Western model . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , land has been purchased to permit doubling the size of the plant in the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ogled a long redhead with green eyes , but she was a shill with her money in front of her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The process of boundary maintenance identifies and preserves the social system or subsystems , and the characteristic interaction is maintained . (Filtered Words: 0)
place design-side up on plaster board . (Filtered Words: 0)
So far , no troublesome cases have arisen under this provision . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly what the person brings to the reading is important . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
I could get along without that three dollars . (Filtered Words: 0)
I dropped into the doctor's office , picked up my forms . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cited Heine and Stendhal as favorites in literature . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] , a medical columnist , thinks it would . (Filtered Words: 1)
A warning (Filtered Words: 0)
The relative forces can be calculated from the various radii of curvature if we assume : ( A ) The surface tension is uniform on the surface of the drop . (Filtered Words: 0)
What the American people will do turns in large degree on their leadership . (Filtered Words: 0)
You should complain '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Corinthian Yacht Club in Tiburon launches its winter races Nov. 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. John 24 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A balanced resistance bridge and a pen recorder are all the electronic instrumentation needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
What does [FILTERED] actually want to do , now that it has the meters under franchise and certain phases of its piping system in the `` patent applied for '' stage ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What a stinking world '' , Rourke said . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than a streak had ended . (Filtered Words: 0)
It made [FILTERED] wonder . (Filtered Words: 1)
First was a 1958 cut of more than 50% on that portion of the load in excess of 40,000 lb ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the same rate '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was seeing , somehow , the face of a young boy , the boy [FILTERED] must once have been , a boy with sorrel hair , and blue eyes dancing with gaiety , and the boy mouth grinning trustfully among the freckles . (Filtered Words: 1)
it intimated that the folks at home would never know about it , and , therefore , why not ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The one thing he missed from his farm in the Po Valley was the animals ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is from this unpromising background that the fictional private detective was recruited . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was most eager to make the dive ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It's not too much to assume that you will have a more lasting interest in paper hats than will Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The bank installed a magnetic tape electronic data processing system to handle things . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the East Providence Rescue Squad made its way through to my home in time of desperation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ferment of scientific activity (Filtered Words: 0)
They singsonged the portion at the teacher , who accompanied them in an off-key baritone and spurred them on with the stick . (Filtered Words: 0)
A family dwelling without a basement provides some natural shielding from fallout radiation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having persisted too long in deliberate ignorance and denial of the forces that threatened her , [FILTERED] was relieved now to admit their potency and to be taking definite steps toward grappling with them . (Filtered Words: 1)
He liked her blond hair and the sprinkle of freckles across her nose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the trend of general business activity in 1961 will exert a decisive influence on fiscal , monetary , and other Federal policies which affect interest rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
This may not be the greatest but it certainly comes close to being the greatest lesson [FILTERED] career , up to this hour , teaches all of us who would aspire to distinction in political life under our processes of government . (Filtered Words: 1)
Eddie caught up with the ball near the fence and threw it to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
An animal , bird or insect creates either a burrow , or nest or hive in unending sameness according to specie . (Filtered Words: 0)
He should have discovered a more tender farewell . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked Rawlins . (Filtered Words: 0)
The task of taking the raw material of Marcel Pagnol's original trio of French films about people of the waterfront in [FILTERED] and putting them again on the screen , after their passage through the Broadway musical idiom , was a delicate and perilous one , indeed . (Filtered Words: 1)
It became so monotonous as to seem a part of the quietness . (Filtered Words: 0)
So fuck them both . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 , (Filtered Words: 0)
Too many people were afraid if the GOP won , they'd have to spend all their time praying . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Seems like we're never going to see eye to eye , Lieutenant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abel sat and regarded the farm country which , spreading out from both sides of the road , rolled greenly up to where the silent white houses and long barns and silos nested into the tilled fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
I got a girl in trouble and we had to get married . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pupil assignment . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was reported to Welch's office that a thief in the city jail had attempted suicide . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is the stern guardian of the status quo who has raised the utilitarian structures of the age , and he is the revolutionary poet with a gun in his hand who writes a tragic apologetic to posterity for the men he has killed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Principal [FILTERED] Pohly said he would allow a further collection between classes today , and revealed that Y-Teen Club past surpluses had been used to provide a private hospital nurse Monday for Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
A philosopher may point out that the troubles of the Congo began with the old Adam and consequently will never end . (Filtered Words: 0)
Del Mar , Calif. , Feb. 3 (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the factor of physical isolation is not a static situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He set [FILTERED]' suitcase near the front door , went outside and walked back to the garage . (Filtered Words: 1)
No turns . (Filtered Words: 0)
This warns the chartist that the formation in progress is quite likely to be a top . (Filtered Words: 0)
People talk about `` the law of the land '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the light of the facts at hand , however , New York Central intends to pursue the objective of helping to create a healthy two-system eastern railroad structure in the public interest '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tooth deformity may be the result of excessive thumb- or finger-sucking , tongue-thrusting , or lip-sucking -- but it's important to remember that there's a difference between normal and excessive sucking habits . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no ready answer , as much from surprise as from the fit of coughing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] Sulcer of Winnetka , a new board member , will be chairman of publicity for the benefit . (Filtered Words: 1)
Shocked speechless , [FILTERED] sat there . (Filtered Words: 1)
You can see it , for example , in the extensive efforts President [FILTERED] has made to enlist solid bipartisan support for his actions toward both Cuba and Laos ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
She has been acting as a prostitute . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was prancing along the hall , heading for the next flight of stairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the extent that he was ostracized or even reviled , we solace ourselves by saying he asked for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
pass word when there was word to pass . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew we were looking and he enjoyed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
I do it , lots o' times -- I like to lie in a hammock at night , by myself , when it's all quiet . (Filtered Words: 0)
The socialism implicit in the slogan of the Roosevelt Revolution , freedom from want and fear , seems a far cry from the individualism of the First Amendment to the Constitution , or of the Jacksonian frontier . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though the boy could not see them , he knew they were clouded by distance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just what is meant by `` spirit '' and by `` matter '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
'' The external pattern or external system can be considered as `` group behavior that enables the group to survive in its environment . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can tell you this much '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
So did hostages [FILTERED] , Cleveland , and Mullen . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not only do these quacks assume impressive titles , but represent themselves as being associated with various scientific or impressive foundations -- foundations which often have little more than a letterhead existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who could blame her for that ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , it is not only a question of honor but of life and death for the Soviet state '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of lead as long as the market price for common lead at New York , New York , as determined by the Secretary , is below 14-1/2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 75 per centum of the difference between 14-1/2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary . (Filtered Words: 0)
There will be thousands who will thrill to the loveliness of Alastor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing appalling or horrible rushed upon these men . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not the details of Utopian communism that make Utopia modern , it is the spirit , the attitude of mind that informs those details . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much more than shelter , housing symbolizes social status , a sense of `` belonging '' , acceptance within a given group or neighborhood , identification with particular cultural values and social institutions , feelings of pride and worth , aspirations and hopes basic to human well-being . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the outset , the Government's spokesman explained that counsel for the Government and for Du Pont had already held preliminary discussions with a view to arriving at a relief plan that both sides could recommend to the court . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't like to bother no one unless we have to , which I figger we do , in your case . (Filtered Words: 0)
Diane loved to dance in the nude , something she was to demonstrate time and again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nature's aim , different from ours , is to provide for the coming generation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Social characteristics (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind it a cabin cruiser drifted crossways in the small ground-swell , a lone fisherman in the chair aft . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked which institution most needs correction , I would say the corporation as it exists in America today . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he can bounce back with one of those 25 home runs years , the club will have to be better off offensively . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still later , he finally convinced himself that it was an accident -- just a coincidence . (Filtered Words: 0)
We cannot listen to a conversation for five minutes without being acutely aware of the confusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago was also a welcome host : there , in 1921 , Prokofieff conducted the world premiere of the Love For Three Oranges , and played the first performance of his Third Piano Concerto . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` pull '' exercise in this Super-Set is the one-dumbbell [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her best time to date is about 2:30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was visiting C.C.B. and , not waiting for breakfast , he was off to the University Club , where he spent hours writing obituaries of living Americans for The Manchester Guardian or The Glasgow Herald . (Filtered Words: 1)
Garden Fresh , the result of a mating of Better Self and Rosy Fingered , seems to improve with each start and appeared to win the St. Patrick's Day Purse with some speed in reserve . (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably , as in Scriptures , a still , small voice would whisper . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was probably at this period that Littlepage got his first good look at the ordinary Russian soldier . (Filtered Words: 0)
and , since the historian should only be interested in strictly terrestrial activity , his research should eliminate the supernatural . (Filtered Words: 0)
His lips were bruised and swollen where [FILTERED] had hit him . (Filtered Words: 1)
In this process the vaginal muscles come under better conscious control by the girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
He dabbled in verse , could get along well among most of the European languages , and was fluent in French and German . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each song or ditty was prefaced by an author's note which indicated the origin and meaning of the song as well as special interest the song had , musical arrangement , and most of the chorus and verses . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Really , Winston . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Communist coup in Czechoslovakia in 1948 was followed immediately by the conclusion of the Brussels Treaty , a 50-year alliance among Britain , France and the Benelux countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was the daughter and sole heiress of either a cattle baron or an oil millionaire and , having arrived in New York with a big bank roll , became a dabbler in various fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this way a degree of unification of nomenclature , symbols , and units will be realized . (Filtered Words: 0)
She tells him of the consequences of his behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both the extent to which this is true and the limits of the field of perceptual skill involved should be acknowledged . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the deficiency persists long enough , it is reasonable to suppose that the Af label will reflect the Af distribution in the thyroglobulin . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American Automobile Association , computing the cost for two people to vacation by automobile , comes up with an average daily expenditure figure of $29 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But for the beat generation all is sex . (Filtered Words: 0)
Immediately , the film improved and it improved because in narrative it found a content based on time to complement its own unbreakable connection with time . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm on my way to see the Jacobs woman '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Franny and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
During its flowering in the sixth to the eighth centuries , Mahayana offered a supernatural package to the Chinese which bears no resemblance to the highly digested philosophical Zen morsels offered to the modern Western reader . (Filtered Words: 0)
Technique pure and simple , rendition , is not of major importance , but it is interesting that Parker , following [FILTERED] , was one of the leaders of the so-called saxophone revolution . (Filtered Words: 1)
Probably around midnight , give or take an hour either way '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stepped inside Jess's guard and landed two blows to the big man's belly , putting everything he had behind them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having done so , he began to experience all the frustrations of others who attempted to get along with Serenissimus and do a job at the same time . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Tar Heel-Lotus Hanover ) and [FILTERED] ( Tar Heel-Miracle Byrd ) in 2:34 . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] was looking much happier already , clearing a space on the table and chattering about how she could put up a typewriter right there , and be brushing up on her typing so Eugenia wouldn't be ashamed of it . (Filtered Words: 1)
The present crop of small cars is enriching American humor . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were clumsy , but they were beginning to catch on . (Filtered Words: 0)
He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim -- all in violation of the Fifth Amendment . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'd have gotten him , if I hadn't stopped her . (Filtered Words: 0)
One such , in fact , is a rug . (Filtered Words: 0)
The morning he walked in to announce to her , blushing , that he was married . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was not before the House but before the Judiciary Committee , where he asked for action on one of his pet bills , that calling for an investigation of the coal-railroad monopoly . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is a member of the Midwest Collegiate Athletic Conference and abides by its eligibility rules . (Filtered Words: 1)
He can even be a mild-voiced little-town guy with big-town ideas and level gray eyes and a heart even Houdini couldn't figure out , how it is unlocked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brooks Adams considered religion as an extremely significant manifestation of man's fear of the unknown . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , [FILTERED] added , bids from other contractors ranged from $2400 to $3100 per joint . (Filtered Words: 1)
In Newark , for example , this gain was put at 26 per cent above the year-earlier level . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt a puppyish need for company as strong as his earlier necessity for quiet . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was asking had it been she who left the love note in his sheets ( she also served as maid ) when he saw the Grafin followed by a stately blond girl approaching his table . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mouth was thin-lipped and wide , the long cleft in the upper lip like a slide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before he left the apartment he knocked on their door and asked if there was anything he could do for them . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the farm is rented , the rent must be paid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , a group of eggs is deposited in a cavity in the beebread loaf and the egg compartment is closed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few snowflakes sifted down through that theatrical red glow , languid as falling feathers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I suppose you all were playing and forgot '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In all cases , most of the activity lay in the region of high anionic binding capacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Damn good . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone held his or her breath . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do not draw yarn too tight . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was here that the terror-stricken Dennis Moon played an unrehearsed role during the children's party . (Filtered Words: 0)
He started to struggle up , heaving desperately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some women can sit and sew , crochet , tat or knit by the hour , and look calm and relaxed and turn out beautiful work . (Filtered Words: 0)
A harsh cry floated to him across the brush . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a chipping , dynamic type failure encountered with very brittle coatings resins or very highly pigmented films . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are initiating research on the use of solid state materials for infrared detection using a method which will not require cooling of materials to attain high sensitivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The captain's gig of H.M.S. Mercury was being rowed to H.M.S. Neptune . (Filtered Words: 0)
You also deduct 50% of the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses in determining Adjusted Gross Income . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll show you '' , Hearst replied , grinning . (Filtered Words: 0)
The feeling of individual inferiority , defeat , or humilation growing out of various social situations or individual deficiencies or failures is compensated for by communion in worship or prayer with a friendly , but all-victorious Father-God , as well as by sympathetic fellowship with others who share this faith , and by opportunities in religious acts for giving vent to emotions and energies . (Filtered Words: 0)
What ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The same month that Alastor was published , Murray sold twenty thousand copies of The Siege Of Corinth , a slovenly bit of Byronism that even [FILTERED]'s generosity rebelled at . (Filtered Words: 1)
one can take it as no more than another veil torn from the mystery of the soul . (Filtered Words: 0)
But even he will not last indefinitely and the above-noted new arrangements are , quite simply , made to assure qualitative continuity in the Foundation's policies and practices . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when former Gov. [FILTERED] and Lt. Gov. [FILTERED] accepted the invitations of the Georgia State Chamber of Commerce to join the tour next November , the situation was aggravated . (Filtered Words: 2)
With that wife of his , I think he feels every chance he gets is his big chance . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw the smug eyes of the Home Army chief , [FILTERED] , and all the [FILTERED]s and the faces of the peasants who held only hatred for him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Biological agents are , moreover , suitable for delivery through enemy sabotage which imposes many problems in defense . (Filtered Words: 0)
The work's two movements , one melodically sentimental , the other brightly capricious , are clever enough in a Ravel-like style , but they rehash a wornout idiom . (Filtered Words: 0)
they become skilled in cooking and cleaning and in receiving guests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soviet Russia has been invaded twice by German troops in a generation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have to be covered with at least 28 inches of pit-run gravel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Helping retarded children (Filtered Words: 0)
I snuggled up close to him -- loving him -- thankful for a man like him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Good heavens , Adam '' , he said , `` I thought one thing you'd have no trouble learning is when to get out of a place '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In 1951 she was a prostitute in New York County . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two quick shots sounded . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is hardly a jazz guitarist in the business today who doesn't owe something to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A week in arrears , and without means to pay , I must go , it is the only right thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , I'm sure I could do that '' , Maggie said . (Filtered Words: 0)
This must be done at the rate at which new bony tissue grows , and no faster . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her skin was stretched so tight that her cheekbones stuck out , and if looks could kill , [FILTERED] would have been dead . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yeah , keen '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eddie nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone had hauled him over the side , and he had remained silent while they crossed . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
To obtain clear impression of mold , press clay gently but firmly into mold cavity , starting at center and working to outer edges . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , I went to the city , And there I did bitterly cry , Men out of touch with the earth , And with never a glance at the sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Many will add that we may find our enjoyment heightened by our understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Myra wanted me to thank you for taking [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s `` signature '' is the perpetually extended glad hand . (Filtered Words: 1)
Reducing humidity is often as important as cooling . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned slowly and began to crawl back up the bank toward the rampart . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now he knew perfectly that he had but longed to increase his own suffering . (Filtered Words: 0)
She drew on all her resources of mind and heart to help them -- to make them at home in the world ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A 208-pound , 6-foot 1-inch senior from Stamford , Moritz practices nothing but place-kicking . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I shall campaign on the [FILTERED] record to meet the needs of the years ahead '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
For example : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told Hanford his son had participated in numerous high-school activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was something to do with her back , the thinness of it , and the quick , jerky way she bent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many cells , bacteria , and other microorganisms are transparent to visible light and must be stained for microscopic investigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
her motives were too blatant . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gives a clue to the cosmical order of elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider adopting a system of holidays in which time off is granted with an eye to minimum inconvenience to the operation of the plant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Worse still , in a number of cases it has been claimed that the [FILTERED] female kills the Bombus queen . (Filtered Words: 1)
I had admired him long before I talked to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
How do you tell a college like Hanford that your son has a vast potential , that he will find himself ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He openly proclaimed his pleasure in lecturing and writing about science . (Filtered Words: 0)
No hands , for one thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are home now with the other [FILTERED] children , Vicky , 14 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The new City Charter , which should get a Yes vote as Question No. 1 on Nov. 7 , would not make a good Mayor out of a bad one . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Patchen's eyes , organized churches are as odious as organized governments , and Christian symbols , having been taken over by the moneyed classes , are now agents of corruption . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recent studies by the Commission on Race and Housing and others , however , point to a vast complex of factors that often do not warrant this conclusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The water splashes into shoulder-high tracts of fernery . (Filtered Words: 0)
The state was confronted with transportation problems similar to those of the individual . (Filtered Words: 0)
A single 24-hr. composite sample indicated that the sewage flow pattern and characteristics were typical . (Filtered Words: 0)
It now means , in my country , homosexual '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
A phonemic system can be stated without reference to morphophonemics , but it cannot always be found without morphophonemics . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was often re-enacted in less wild form at the Wednesday night prayer meeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
The city had recently given him a small salary , but it was not enough to supply even necessities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reinforcements came up quickly to take advantage of the opening made by Goulding's platoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
I resented them . (Filtered Words: 0)
She remembered McClellan's last proclamation as she hurried fearfully down the stairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Home is the place to find the comforts of home . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's a helluva thing '' , [FILTERED] said , looking at [FILTERED] , `` when a guy's own team-mate won't come out and help him in a fight '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Handle men . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had come into the Navy too young , with the image of the fun-loving [FILTERED] before him . (Filtered Words: 1)
To prepare the latter , silver chloride was precipitated from a solution containing Af obtained from the Oak Ridge National Laboratory . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next day he was gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the current information on what types of training are needed and possible is too limited and fragmentary . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the time Felix turned up it was early afternoon , which , one would think , would be late enough so that by then , except for small children and a few hardy souls who had not yet sobered up , it could have been expected that people would no longer be having any sort of active interest in the previous night's noisemakers and paper hats . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was so long thinking that my mother had time to inspect her sherry for dregs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The atmosphere was one of optimism , of confidence in human progress , and of a determination to rid the world of its ills . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit -- when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands -- two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the impact energy is spent in crushing and fragmentation . (Filtered Words: 0)
after completing the payments prescribed by paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) of this subsection , to make payments , from time to time in ratable proportions , on account of the unpaid principal of all awards in the principal amount of more than $1,000 , according to the proportions which the unpaid principal of such awards bear to the total amount in the fund available for distribution at the time such payments are made ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A second edition is in preparation , and there are long range plans for a third . (Filtered Words: 0)
What we did get , however , was impressive . (Filtered Words: 0)
The effect is that the platform returns from an off-level position at a rapid rate until it is nearly level , at which point the platform is controlled by a proportional servo with low enough frequency response so that the noise has little effect on the leveling process . (Filtered Words: 0)
A kaleidoscope of pressure groups make it unpleasant for the congressman who becomes ugly toward the Department of Health , Education , and Welfare . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brassnose turned a stricken face toward me and said brokenly , `` Sommers , you meddling Yank , you're a fool ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
During these years the company's product line followed the basic tenets laid down by Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
such composers as Monteverdi , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , with the same goal in mind , had developed styles of recitative sensitively attuned to their own languages . (Filtered Words: 2)
She was a child too much a part of her environment , too eager to grow and learn and experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not . (Filtered Words: 0)
The importance of loving tenderness is obvious . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maintenance of the status quo might seem to be the appropriate goal or objective of this population today . (Filtered Words: 0)
For it was neglected , not to say nascent , when the struggle began . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maintenance of the status quo might seem to be the appropriate goal or objective of this population today . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] , come out and play with us like you promised '' , several of the little girls called . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Chicago And All That Jazz '' could not be faulted on the choice of artists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lines of communications were established between the two companies and several Du Pont products were actively promoted . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was no longer fashionable to be seen with fabulous `` [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ekstrohm suggested . (Filtered Words: 0)
and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , with disappointment evident upon their faces , they moved to the work . (Filtered Words: 0)
nothing evil was happening when that pain was being endured ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This suggests that the sampling period , particularly at the more distant locations , should have been increased . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sources of data : (Filtered Words: 0)
Several sections of a loaf of dark bread ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't you play hard today then . (Filtered Words: 0)
It accordingly refused to assume jurisdiction , whereupon the California Superior Court made the restraining order permanent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately , `` Poised For Violence '' was not the happiest vehicle with which to make the point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather , such assignments are made , as they must be , on the basis of certain overall rules and standards , representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem , taking into account for each situation some of the variables ( e.g. , power and station separations ) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
One was demonstrably false ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A brown hatching reinforces and broadens shadows , and much of the background is solidly covered with a dark coat . (Filtered Words: 0)
And once she , too , ignored him . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter what troubles might betide him , this most American of artists knew in his heart he could not function properly outside his native land . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think its thirst had never been assuaged before . (Filtered Words: 0)
The night after reading her letter about her surgeon uncle -- it must have been late in September -- I had a vision of myself returned in ragged uniform from The Front , nearly dying , my head bandaged and blooded , and Jessica bending over me , the power of her love bringing me back to life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps it is only an analogy , but one of the most obvious differences between cheap fiction and fiction of an enduring quality is the development of a theme or story with leisure and anticipation . (Filtered Words: 0)
jagged red and black medicine symbols covered his chest . (Filtered Words: 0)
In June 1845 , the Governor and Council of Assiniboia imposed a 20 per cent duty on imports via Hudson's Bay which were viewed as aimed at the `` very vitals of the Company's trade and power '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] in his English Field Systems and Zachrisson's Romans , Kelts And Saxons defended in part the Seebohm thesis while at the present time [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] seem to fall into the Celtic survivalist camp . (Filtered Words: 3)
He arose slowly and brushed himself off . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's safe '' , Prevot had said , `` and it provides cover for our noise '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the details of the elections were settled the change of government had no direct effect on the technical aspects of the elections , and may have been more important as an indication of royal displeasure with the U.N.F.P. (Filtered Words: 0)
Startled him awake . (Filtered Words: 0)
But each step has been broken down into easy stages , utilizing standard materials and simple tools , well within the capabilities of the handyman . (Filtered Words: 0)
On my first Guy Fawkes Day here , I found Catholics as well as non-Catholics celebrating with the traditional fireworks and bonfires , and was told that most Englishmen either do not know or are not concerned with the historical significance of the day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Russia knows this , and that is why there were over 800,000 competing for places as candidates for the Olympic gymnastic team . (Filtered Words: 0)
they had been severed at the wrists . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] spat on the ground . (Filtered Words: 1)
Economically , Martin said , the United States could best help foreign countries by helping them help themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll take you there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Walking was the remedy , they decided , but a deck full of chicken coops and pigpens was hardly suitable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since her bereavement this individual has reported to the writer on numerous occasions about how helpful the class discussions were to her in this adjustment crisis . (Filtered Words: 0)
That any sort of duty was owed by his nation to other nations would have astonished a nineteenth-century statesman . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled all the way to her wise , sad eyes , and drained her own . (Filtered Words: 0)
method of distributing funds (Filtered Words: 0)
So , too , was the insistence on the relativity of the external world , and the ideas that language and things perceived by consciousness were poor substitutes indeed for immediate perception by pure , indwelling spirit : the opposition of pure consciousness to ratiocinating consciousness . (Filtered Words: 0)
What were they to do , then , with these awkward judgments of value ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We must not permit our society to become a slave to the scientific age , as might well happen without the cultural and spiritual restraint that comes from the development of the human mind through wisdom absorbed from the written word . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were disappointed by the physical and emotional hurt of premarital sexual intercourse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since 1949 , the St. Louis club has been below on May 1 just four times . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inevitably this means some compromise . (Filtered Words: 0)
When suitably lighted , what would it look like ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He shrugged noncommittally . (Filtered Words: 0)
After [FILTERED]'s left , we'll dump the kid somewhere near the border where she kin get home . (Filtered Words: 1)
If they are Beach cops on a stake-out , they'll admit it to a reporter . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is a difference between the present volume and the early Low . (Filtered Words: 0)
They advertised harness polish , liniments , Ball's Rubber Boots , Green River Whiskey , [FILTERED]'s Sarsaparilla , patent medicines , shoe blacking , and chewing tobacco . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the contrary , he was pleased that his face showed a neglect of several days . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Except for Shabbat , when they are praying all day '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now a dentist can recommend extraction immediately . (Filtered Words: 0)
O'Banion's reaction was : `` Three hundred dollars ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Some time later the missing part of the relic was found and the complete inscription , together with other new evidence , fully corroborated the ancient priest's information . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked more closely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Death reminds man of his sin , but it reminds him also of his transience . (Filtered Words: 0)
And if we do not aspire to too much , it is also within our capacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
This tendency can be broken either by restoring hypothalamic excitability directly or via cortico-hypothalamic pathways . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] nodded grimly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Respect for the opinions of mankind (Filtered Words: 0)
Two men he did not recognize were sipping coffee and munching sweet rolls . (Filtered Words: 0)
He lifted a screeching war whoop . (Filtered Words: 0)
The train slowed at a road crossing , and the big door slid open ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
To the hills , girls (Filtered Words: 0)
And that's worse than sad . (Filtered Words: 0)
The president or dean reads some of his publications to form the truest possible evaluation of the quality of his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Florican-My Precious ) 2:37 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Some , she knew , looked upon [FILTERED] almost as a saint , but others read in `` The Hound Of Heaven '' what they took to be the confessions of a great sinner , who , like [FILTERED] , had -- as one pious writer later put it -- thrown himself `` on the swelling wave of every passion '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attributes similar to a loss carryover . (Filtered Words: 0)
His goal was to obtain a National League team for this city . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is characterized by the presence of incompletely developed secondary lobules ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was self-appointed to accompany the President to his office every morning . (Filtered Words: 1)
As a result , he never looked for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
New rule no. 4 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
Between the unsafe Towne field and the long roundabout back road haul that was necessary to gain access to Wilson flat , arrangements at the state capital were far from satisfactory . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was bearded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the Rebels got away since they could make better time through the stiff brush than their naked pursuers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of [FILTERED] 2-year-olds have worked from 2:40 to 2:35 . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was the first in the series of `` Concerts for Young People by Young People '' to be sponsored by First Lady [FILTERED] at the White House . (Filtered Words: 1)
The submarine has increased its effectiveness by several orders of magnitude since World War 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
To exonerate the legislature and thereby extricate himself from a sticky situation , Pike took another course and made it appear that the legislature had been bilked . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am a sophomore at Mount Pleasant High School . (Filtered Words: 0)
A restaurant posted a reminder to patrons `` who became excited and left without paying their checks '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of closing the house in first ( as most builders do ) you can now cut your costs by not closing it in until you have to ( see p 121 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
She felt as if some dark , totally unfamiliar shape would clutch at her arm ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In a year she'll like living in Clayton's house too much to come back to me '' , [FILTERED] said flatly . (Filtered Words: 1)
These machines are designed to provide higher operating speeds , larger yarn packages , and greater flexibility of application to different types of yarn . (Filtered Words: 0)
New York -- ( UPI ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This one is a tender chicken , oui ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of us might be inclined to argue , in fact , that an independence of mind and action and an intolerance of regimentation , either mental or physical , are particularly Southern traits . (Filtered Words: 0)
For several weeks we eyed one another almost like sparring partners , and then one day [FILTERED] was slightly indisposed and stayed home ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The honor of the Belgians in this matter is not to be questioned -- only their judgment . (Filtered Words: 0)
An amendment , presumably designed to deal with the problems of newly freed slaves , became a `` laissez-faire '' limitation upon state economic policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
On March 11 the Louisiana legislature voted unanimously to table the petition . (Filtered Words: 0)
and he asked me in perfect innocence , `` Why don't all the Negroes in the South move North '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the circumstances , however , the team considered it would provide the most useful information at this point . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inhibition of the enzyme by very low concentrations of lanthanum ion is probably the strongest known biological effect of rare earth salts . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was simply Poor John . (Filtered Words: 0)
individual differences (Filtered Words: 0)
After three months of research , I can state unequivocally that Los Angeles drivers are considerably more courteous and competent than any other drivers I've ever encountered . (Filtered Words: 0)
never seemed as if it could happen to you ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] , or male principle , was the source of light , heat , and dynamic vitality , associated with the Sun ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Although the fatty protein molecules , carried in the blood and partly composed of cholesterol , are water soluble , cholesterol itself is insoluble , and cannot be destroyed by the body . (Filtered Words: 0)
Coughlin grinned , feeling supremely on top of things . (Filtered Words: 0)
One moment there was a man in the saddle ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Strategic Air Command is the principal element of our long-range nuclear capability . (Filtered Words: 0)
He scowled at her flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
broad red stripes down the trouser leg ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't even ask the cost of this collection . (Filtered Words: 0)
But not any more . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , just sort of everything in general '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , runaway slaves frequently got into serious trouble in New Orleans' dives . (Filtered Words: 0)
Six o'clock ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Forgiveness implies more than a person wanting his past sins covered by God's love . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] traces , in his vast and overpowering saga of Yoknapatawpha County , the gradual changes which seep into the South , building layer upon layer of minute , subtle innovation which eventually tend largely to hide the Old Way . (Filtered Words: 1)
Miss [FILTERED] was a hard woman with a dollar . (Filtered Words: 1)
Unfortunately , Blakey doesn't choose to work much of the time in this vein . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the sweet-smelling cumara nut , which is suited for perfumes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charge lists 3 checks (Filtered Words: 0)
He started to reach for his gun , but apparently thought better of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part 1 , deals with the classification of crystalline substances by space groups and is not a numerical data compilation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pauling looked doubtful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who measures ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Cable confirmation '' , it said translated . (Filtered Words: 0)
What was it to Prokofieff ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A similar amateurish characteristic is revealed in Adams' failure to check the accuracy and authenticity of his informational sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dealing faro ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She had stood at the bottom of the stairs , as usual , when Mrs. [FILTERED] came down , in the same dress that is now in the Smithsonian , to greet her guests . (Filtered Words: 1)
Soap , neutral chip -- fed. Spec. 566 or Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
& synce I did write unto him to dessier him to paie 10 for mee which standeth mee greatly uppon to have paide . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) Af moves away from C and does not intersect it at all for Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] moved into it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Assumption 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Did his mother make him this way ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Keep the belt just tight enough so the pulleys won't slip when pulled by hand ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They're drinking , aren't they '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Two major types of fully distributed cost analysis (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout `` The Making Of A President '' Mr. [FILTERED] shows wonderfully well how the pressures pile up on candidates , how decisions have constantly to be made , how fatigue and illness and nervous strain wear candidates down , how subordinates play key roles . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Those sweet girls ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No , [FILTERED] was out of range . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was in almost as bad shape , but he wouldn't quit . (Filtered Words: 1)
There are plenty of fresh horses halfway at my place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Often these exercises work well for some bodybuilders but less spectacularly for others . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe it deficient in certain particulars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Microorganisms are often responsible for the rapid spoilage of foods . (Filtered Words: 0)
and their members often equate a government career with security and status rather than with sacrifice , self-discipline , and competence . (Filtered Words: 0)
From even a cursory inspection of its many aspects , however , the historian can deduce several fundamental conclusions about the progress of the Aegean world down to 800 B.C. (Filtered Words: 0)
If Af , then Af is divisible by Af and so Af , i.e. , Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is particularly true in site selection . (Filtered Words: 0)
He himself did not know , as he said in 1935 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , as [FILTERED]'s Principles Of Internal Medicine , a standard internist's text , puts it , `` The most common form of malnutrition is caloric excess or obesity '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
We were less than a quarter of a mile from the road , and we could trace its shape from the ribbon of powder smoke and dust that hung over it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Likewise the ivory Chinese female figure known as a `` doctor lady '' ( provenance Honan ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That helped a lot . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In many corners of the globe '' , he said , `` the major source of impressions about this country are in the movies they meet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Say four million . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the next weeks he looked over the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Imagine his son being that good in science ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems to follow that by and large an antagonism exists between the paleo- and the neocortex as far as emotional reactivity is concerned , and that the balance between the two systems determines the emotional responsiveness of the organism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then there was no saying how many times the marine had blown his nose on the handkerchief . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just nothing , she told herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
There had not yet supervened between understanding and expression the new languages of mathematics and scientific formulas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sources of information about children (Filtered Words: 0)
They were eating breakfast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fourth , the two indicators are for the most part widely separated chronologically , with the extensive age gap occurring during childhood for all but one growth center . (Filtered Words: 0)
Long-range state planning (Filtered Words: 0)
I thought it expedient to take off my derby , my glasses , and the beard ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Discussion . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's the One-Leg Lunge in a nutshell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pohl could receive from 1 to 15 years in prison or probation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He regarded her with rising hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has been said of John Stuart Mill that he wrote so clearly that he could be found out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new `` School For Wives '' was interpreted according to a principle that is becoming increasingly common in the playing of classic comedy -- the idea of turning some obviously ludicrous figure into a tragic character . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite the increasing rate of exogamous marriages , the population has been able to sustain , at least to some degree , the consciousness of its intermediate status in society . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not even in writing Latin epigrams , sometimes bawdy ones , or in translating [FILTERED] from Greek into Latin or in defending the study of Greek against the attack of conservative academics , or in attacking the conservative theologians who opposed [FILTERED]'s philological study of the New Testament . (Filtered Words: 2)
And the suspicious , envenomed eyes of Pile of Clouds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , Col. Faget's information on Cuba was too outdated to be useful in `` screening '' [FILTERED] agents ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Both units of government contribute increasingly large sums of money to the several local governments in this state as indicated below : (Filtered Words: 0)
Ideas are the thruway to nowhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is possible with water and other liquids that have a high surface tension . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is rubbing him with snow . (Filtered Words: 1)
It became the sole `` subject '' of `` international law '' ( a term which , it is pertinent to remember , was coined by Bentham ) , a body of legal principle which by and large was made up of what Western nations could do in the world arena . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose I am missing some elementary point but I honestly cannot see how two wrongs can make a right ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
True , ideas are important , perhaps life's most precious treasures . (Filtered Words: 0)
such composers as Monteverdi , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , with the same goal in mind , had developed styles of recitative sensitively attuned to their own languages . (Filtered Words: 2)
While convalescing in his Virginia home he wrote a book recording his prison experiences and escape , entitled : They Shall Not Have Me Published originally in ( Helion's ) English by Dutton & Co. of New York , in 1943 , the book was received by the press as a work of astonishing literary power and one of the most realistic accounts of World War 2 , from the French side . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is something more than the arithmetical sum of individual totals of piety and detachment . (Filtered Words: 0)
She trudged along slowly , both hands clutching a tired teddy bear . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , it is small enough to get into crevices , jacket and crown margins , malposed anteriors , and the back teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he was on his way at a gallop . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of school at 14 (Filtered Words: 0)
But now that all production builders build with drywall and all smart builders build with panels , green lumber is an anachronism you cannot afford . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I stopped to say goodbye , Mrs. [FILTERED] , and to tell you how sorry I was to hear about your baby . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here they built huts and a stockade named Fort Daer after Selkirk's barony in Scotland . (Filtered Words: 0)
Need any help '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They are molded of a special weather-resistant formulation of Tenite butyrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the morning wore on and a blazing West Texas sun wiped the shadows off the Franklin Mountains , police got close enough to the plane to pry into the baggage compartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not this '' , he said , and gestured toward the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
in the distance he saw a band of men who seemed to advance and retreat even as he watched . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are legitimate reasons for differences of opinion among the assessors as a whole and among the public officials in each town . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Service announced that taxpayers making such claims may be called on to furnish a statement from the recipient organization showing the date , purpose , amount and other particulars of the contribution . (Filtered Words: 0)
That means [FILTERED] probably will ride the bench on the seventh anniversary of his record five-home run day against the Giants . (Filtered Words: 1)
Where do I go from here ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This conformity represents a desperate attempt to stabilize a hopelessly unstable environment . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , who danced the `` Nutcracker '' pas de deux , were also seen in the Petipa-Minkus pas de deux from `` Don Quixote '' , another brilliant showpiece that displayed their technical prowess handsomely . (Filtered Words: 2)
Only Co differentiated between the two groups at less than the 5% level ( Af ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their basis seems deeper than mere authority . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie was screaming inside himself : No , damn you , you ain't gonna take my meal ticket away from me ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides those of the thiouracil and resorcinol types , certain antithyroid drugs have been found in naturally occurring foods . (Filtered Words: 0)
It makes the diver feel drunk '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] always particularly enjoyed the last night of each summer at Loon Lake . (Filtered Words: 1)
Drill four No. 19 and four No. 28 holes in the 12'' '' long `` A '' pieces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Assemble the parts in the frame and test the sliding action of the mating pieces . (Filtered Words: 0)
She ended her letter with the assurance that she considered his friendship for her daughter and herself to be an honor , from which she could not part `` without still more pain '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was one more reason she didn't look forward to [FILTERED]'s visit , short or long ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Beyond were industries and factories . (Filtered Words: 0)
We first show that the function is single-valued in some neighborhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't figure her at all , and if he found out a woman it'd be bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leaders of industry (Filtered Words: 0)
ExPe doesn't like anybody mucking up primary evidence '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mural around the wall depicted early settlers in covered wagons , who appeared much more animated than the gamblers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last time I saw [FILTERED] , his self-destruction had not just passed the limits of rationality . (Filtered Words: 1)
More than half the audience departed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The portable record player with a pile of classical records beside it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Authorities hesitate to quote exact figures , however , believing that any sum they come up with is only a surface manifestation -- turned up by their inevitably limited policing -- of the real loot of the medical racketeer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ch. 11 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Atty. Gen. [FILTERED] appeared for the state . (Filtered Words: 1)
With dealer stocks of new equipment averaging about 25% below a year ago , the affects of the rural recovery are being felt almost immediately by the country's farm equipment manufacturers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Above me a dark rider was whipping his pony with a quirt in an attempt to hurdle the bales . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had to get away from here before this demoniac possession swallowed up the liquid of her eyes and sank into the fibers of her brain , depriving her of reason and sight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Big Magnum calibers appeared in the [FILTERED] line for 1961 , with the addition of the and to the list of Model 725's . (Filtered Words: 1)
Leona '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Grosse tucked the gun under the counter . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a resort area , Mackinack Island , Michigan , is the place to visit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reliance is therefore not to be placed upon the archaeological particulars in an oral poem ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All AM stations radiate both skywave and groundwave signals , at all hours ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tooling through Sydney on his way to race in the New Zealand Grand Prix , Britain's balding Ace Driver Stirling Moss , 31 , all but smothered himself in his own exhaust of self-crimination . (Filtered Words: 0)
Listening , I felt cheated and lonely as only an orphan can . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] leaned upon the stone balustrade . (Filtered Words: 1)
Studies conducted in various sections of the United States indicate that many children in elementary schools are maladjusted emotionally , and that many of them are failing to make satisfactory progress in school subjects . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of Poland is a coffin . (Filtered Words: 0)
His grandfather is a Buddhist priest ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The accuracy was deplorable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cubism , in its 1911-1912 phase ( which the French , with justice , call `` hermetic '' ) was on the verge of abstract art . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Would you mind wrapping your onion '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Have a `` Question Box '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
The Kohnstamm-positive subjects seemed to be freer to experience the unusual and seemingly impossible in the external world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , it sometimes gives you a creepy feeling to find a rabbit or a snapping turtle on some strange world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Put your arms around him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] announce the engagement of their daughter , Miss [FILTERED] , to Mr. [FILTERED] , son of Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , of Drexel Hill . (Filtered Words: 4)
But isn't this nice '' (Filtered Words: 0)
They weren't sleeping , of course , but they thought they were doing him a favor by pretending . (Filtered Words: 0)
The legation was generously set back from the building line ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
From the outside it was an ordinary enough house of the gentry . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , a husband who always has been vigorous and assertive may suddenly become passive -- asking , psychologists say , for reassurance that his wife still finds him desirable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Forty-nine hours after an atomic burst the radiation intensity is only about 1 percent of what it was an hour after the explosion . (Filtered Words: 0)
one study in Pittsburgh , however , has illuminated the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
These waves have shown that 1,800 miles below the surface a liquid core begins , and that it , in turn , has a solid inner core . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 , (Filtered Words: 0)
These cases in which light is already visible at the other end of the tunnel are ones which over the next few years will absorb the bulk of our capital assistance . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was a kid I wasn't around '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We want to stimulate ideas from the bottom to the top of the Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
The week at home was not comfortable . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wanna drink '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was too old -- when he passed up and through the corridor of pines that lined the trail he could see ahead , he was passing from life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The process consists in turning the platform manually until the outputs of both accelerometers are zero . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their [FILTERED] is insubstantial . (Filtered Words: 1)
But each step has been broken down into easy stages , utilizing standard materials and simple tools , well within the capabilities of the handyman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their hostess enquired . (Filtered Words: 0)
Terms and rates of interest for motors generally follow those for home appliances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , first question : the bottles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Chinese , North Vietnamese and North Koreans , on the other hand , feel that , militarily , Russia is strong enough to support them in the `` just wars of liberation '' they would like to embark on before long : with China attacking Formosa and the North Koreans and North Vietnamese liberating the southern half of their respective countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Barton half-straightened in surprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
But The Holy Sinner is not simply a retelling of old stories for an old man's entertainment . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is an exotic place , so different from the ordinary that the casual tourist is likely to see at first only the contrast and the ugliness of narrow streets lined with haphazard houses . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not look at them now . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had certain psychic intuitions that this rebellion was not wholly what it appeared on the surface . (Filtered Words: 1)
And it squealed for slop '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A second assistant mopped with two sponges . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fixed monthly allowances are reimbursements for the same purpose except on a non-itemized basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cady stuck his jaw out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The suite has been in the same family since the early 1800's . (Filtered Words: 0)
He walked rapidly along the buildings scanning their facades : one was a club -- that was out ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He is already beginning to box the compass of alternative lines of action , including doing nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional restrictions regarding the use of continuation cards with macro-instructions appear on page 106 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you plan to limit additional holidays to area and/or industrial patterns ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If an evil which is certain and extensive and immediate may rarely be compensated for by a problematic , speculative , future good , by the same token not every present , certain , and immediate good ( or lesser evil ) that may have to be done will be outweighed by a problematic , speculative , and future evil . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , there is a cautious conservatism on the part of those making local skill surveys . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dependence of the arc voltage upon the mass flow velocity of the transpirating gas was investigated for various arc lengths and currents between 100 Amp and 200 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] halted [FILTERED] and kissed him . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Too much fooling around '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
All artistic and mythological representations , therefore , are `` imitations of imitations '' and are completely superseded by the truth value of `` dialectic '' , the proper use of the inquiring intellect . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd shoot at anything if it was the rear end of a horse or his own sentry . (Filtered Words: 0)
The group is superbly trained . (Filtered Words: 0)
and `` Dancers of Bali '' on March 8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was not quite six o'clock when we finished and [FILTERED] said , `` Well , I guess that's it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Don't pretend . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they are Beach cops on a stake-out , they'll admit it to a reporter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just think of old [FILTERED] who pulled the teeth of [FILTERED] ( her real name was Dorcas ) , and because he bungled the job and left two protruding tusks she put such a hex on him that he thought his legs were made of glass . (Filtered Words: 2)
Step Aside ( Direct Rhythm-Wily Widow ) has worked in 2:32 on the half-mile track and shows promise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] has directed a performance that has verve and pace , although he has tolerated obvious business to garner easy laughs where elegance and consistency of style would be preferable . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was small comfort for insomnia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Logically , then , the first principle of the plan must be that it is not rigidly oriented toward any geographical area . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the son of the famous patriot , disagreed . (Filtered Words: 1)
And with passenger weight shifted forward , [FILTERED] levels off for speed under power of a Merc 800 . (Filtered Words: 1)
They were all three bent over a shabby riding boot ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But it had missed the bone and had passed on through . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] supports the idea that the universe both expands and contracts , that in several billion years the expansion will slow up and reverse itself and that the contraction will set in . (Filtered Words: 1)
How far that pedimented and pillared style has shed its influence Mr. [FILTERED] reminds us thus : (Filtered Words: 1)
Conversely , suppose that **ya is in the null space of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
By spring it would be a skeleton . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the site may not contain the features themselves , there are often opportunities to include them as additional interest to the site . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only the dive itself had any meaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
There remain many political and administrative problems to be solved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make all four sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
During this period 7,484,268 members were received , yet the net membership now is only 9,910,741 . (Filtered Words: 0)
and whether intentional or not , the outcome would be disastrous . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were a few blades of lint on the shoulder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , as new nations rise from the former colonial empires , nationalism is one of the hurricane forces loose in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the salubrious effects would not be exclusively political , but at least partially , and perhaps primarily social . (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic market for textiles is growing with the expansion of the population that began 20 years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not Louis 15 , , since even he obeys . (Filtered Words: 0)
The original D minor seems to symbolize blindness , inescapable in spite of all attempts to move away from it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Councilman , who is the Administration floor leader , also criticized [FILTERED] , public works director , for `` halting snow operations '' on Tuesday night after the Sunday storm . (Filtered Words: 1)
The group known as the American Association for Health , , Physical Education , and Recreation ( a division of the National Education Association ) initiated a conference which brought together representatives of the National Rifle Association , SAAMI and the American Fishing Tackle Manufacturers . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' ( Not one drop of blood ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] went back and reminded the kitchen women of the supper preparations . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the other side of the Golden Horn I rode through Eminonu Square , with [FILTERED] , or the New Mosque , which dates from the Seventeenth Century , just across from the entrance to the bridge . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] having different fiscal years are difficult to compare . (Filtered Words: 1)
He died of typhoid in 1921 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our instructions assume you are building this particular frame , which is for a junction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Good Little Girl ( Good Time-Mynah Hanover ) 2:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Vehicle purchase , assignment , and use policies (Filtered Words: 0)
Of current interest is Abilene , Kansas , the birthplace of ex-President [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He thought she gave him that look with the hidden something in it as he let her hand go . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the General Court at Boston ordered the purchasers of Shawomet to appear before them to answer the sachems' claim . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why not '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the testing room , three of the veteran salesmen served as antagonists . (Filtered Words: 0)
To one and all -- Good Days ahead ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
One assessor checked boats only , another trailers and tractors , one mentioned house trailers , and two others referred to trailers without specifying the type . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deadly deadlock . (Filtered Words: 0)
More for nursing homes (Filtered Words: 0)
Yanks were equally adept at figurative expression . (Filtered Words: 0)
one had always felt the need to make a safe world around her . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is coming back , isn't he , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
This leads to the conclusion that `` the fact is inescapable that America does have a say in whether or not apartheid shall continue '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the basis of the findings which led to this conclusion , the Court remanded the case to the District Court to determine the appropriate relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
If adjectival meanings show relatively low retentiveness of stems , as I am confident will prove to be the case in most languages of the world , why should our basic lists include 15 per cent of these unstable forms , but only 8 per cent of animals and plants which replace much more slowly ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Over the weekend , Mrs. [FILTERED] , personnel clerk , was a feted and honored guest of the Atlanta Club , organization of women employes at City Hall . (Filtered Words: 1)
But not in front of Trig . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you find it necessary , [FILTERED] , go ahead '' , she said , turning on the stair . (Filtered Words: 1)
He strode past the now frightened man , entered the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oak Grove ( special ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Presently the well-armed members of the Force Publique -- many of them drawn from savage and even cannibalistic tribes , erupted in mutiny , rioting , raping and looting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the man he saved turned and looked squarely into the truck driver's face , without saying a word . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religious organizations include the groups described below . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tonal novelties consist in the introduction of a few chords used in classical music for centuries . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a relief to shift in his mind to technical problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , my God '' , Ham Richert said , `` a little child shall lead them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a host of dark horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
they are the most valuable of commodities -- and the most salable , for their demand far exceeds supply . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm was not asleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
This means either cars or trucks . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) The patient attained an astonishing efficiency in a new trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was demonstrated , many critics would later point out , in the length of his novels . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most famous ballet of that time was called Ballet Comique De La Reine ( 1581 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
it had been latent , unspecified , semi-conscious and only partly realized -- until she described it to him ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Tap these 3-48 for mounting the electrical contact later on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why didn't that alarm me then ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Big dumb nut . (Filtered Words: 0)
But since the gourmet insisted that it is done that way at the most fashionable dinners , the girl reluctantly agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Everyone knew it , but he sort of acted like he didn't care who knew it -- even after them notes came , even after he'd heard about [FILTERED] , even after he'd been shot at a couple o' times hisself '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
With facts mainly in his mind , he was often acute in the matter of style , and he said , `` The young who have as yet nothing to say will try larks with initial letters and broken lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] exclaimed , with true affection . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was something almost insulting in her tone , but I disregarded it . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this in addition to his usual fear of being among people of high society , his fear of making some inane or inappropriate remark . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though [FILTERED] , by grace of Soviet tanks , may be head man in East Germany , that does not give him any right to usurp the government of East Berlin or to absorb that semi-city into the Soviet zone . (Filtered Words: 1)
This expectation is what really `` sold '' point and figure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Space charge influences will also decrease at increased voltages . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the snobbery that alienates [FILTERED] from [FILTERED] finally gives way before the deeper and stronger force of love , the reunion is marked by an embarrassed handshake at which [FILTERED] exclaims : `` No , don't wipe it off -- for God's sake , give me your blackened hand '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 3)
She had -- he informed her -- kidney trouble , liver trouble , and a severe female disorder . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Named after the ballet . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's when my evening commences '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Members of the committee include Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] 3 , , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] 2 , and Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 16)
There should even be no more bitter surprises in the UN General Assembly as to NATO members' votes , since a new ad hoc NATO committee has been set up so that in the future such topics as Angola will be discussed in advance . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said in a low voice , `` I've got a date with a lady , Mister . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] , did I wake you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
White House legislative aides were still confident the bill would pass intact . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bizarre : He could hear the word . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tribute to midsummer `` bang-sashes '' seems terribly funny , though it would be hard to explain why . (Filtered Words: 0)
He doesn't think that potting them from a deck chair on the south side of the house with a quart glass of beer for sustenance is entirely sporting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Results of irradiation tests with poultry have been quite successful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Letters may be wired to the face of the combined channels , painted on the first surface , or handled in other ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
Same as with the Popes . (Filtered Words: 0)
You will probably want to hire someone to do the plowing , however . (Filtered Words: 0)
Protons and electrons bear opposite electrical charges which make them attract each other , and when they are joined they make up an atom of hydrogen -- the basic building block of matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
He strained his hearing . (Filtered Words: 0)
State briefs : Voters in four counties containing and bordering Denver authorized the imposition of an additional 2% sales tax within that area . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he knew in that moment , with a cold sinking of despair , a dying of old hopes , that [FILTERED] had spread some kind of word there among the neighbors . (Filtered Words: 1)
The ballet originated in Italy about 1450 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , what did that matter when the sun was shining and there were dreams to dream about ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was [FILTERED] , the campmate of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Rural Free , (Filtered Words: 0)
Anybody carrying anything that might hide a rifle ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In a confused , soaked and stumbling shift of bodies and lifting arms , the two men were dragged into the same skiff . (Filtered Words: 0)
The creator trusts his intuition to lead him along a path that has internal validity because it mirrors the reality of his experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
To support his large family [FILTERED] went back to the law after each spell of public service . (Filtered Words: 1)
A week in arrears , and without means to pay , I must go , it is the only right thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence C' is a Af curve on Q . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said : `` You'll feel a lot better after you have a bath . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sailing activity is slowed down by Texas northers , but power cruisers can move freely , poking into the San Jacinto , Trinity and Brazos rivers ( fine tarpon fishing in the Brazos ) or pushing eastward to the pirate country of Barataria . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , congratulations '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
if we take Af above , that will be large enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
His wife had said to him : `` Nellie is in love with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the following paper it is shown that in a certain definite sense , exactly an odd number of squares can be inscribed in every such curve which does not contain an infinite number of inscribed squares . (Filtered Words: 0)
Judges under the jurisdiction of the Chicago board of election commissioners are instructed to do this . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abel ignored the half-expressed bid for confirmation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Greek boys and girls also go for rock-and-roll , and the stations most tuned to are those carrying United States overseas programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He lifted the skirt of Macklin's coat , took his gun from its holster , tossed it onto the desk . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stevie was constantly slipping into the church . (Filtered Words: 0)
This would give the hydrogen atom a slight charge-excess . (Filtered Words: 0)
Score side edges of base ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , I never did see his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stimulates rumen activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jury said it found the court `` has incorporated into its operating procedures the recommendations '' of two previous grand juries , the Atlanta Bar Association and an interim citizens committee . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a shattering , cracking sound as the concrete started to buckle , the air filled with dust and flying debris , and everyone in the room -- men and women hit the floor and used the desks as turtlebacks , as ordered . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the scar seemed to pull hard at the corner of his mouth , and his eyes were hurt and angry . (Filtered Words: 0)
The huge market for changeable signs has spurred a universal demand for individual plastic letters , in all shapes and sizes -- and a number of companies are set up to supply them . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the convulsive quivers of the man's shoulders it was plain he had resumed the weeping . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no directive for it -- the Security Council's resolution had not mentioned political matters , and in any case the United Nations by the terms of its charter may not interfere in the political affairs of any nation , whether to unify it , federalize it or Balkanize it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , you avoid headaches when an employee wants off for his fourth cousin's funeral . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a great spectacle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Esther looked at me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it not characteristic of the greatest art that it confronts us with something we cannot clarify , demanding that the viewer respond to it in his own never-predictable way ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Hirey treats himself a lot better than we do prisoners . (Filtered Words: 0)
What comes after Trujillo is now the puzzle . (Filtered Words: 0)
About the murder '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His nose was tickled . (Filtered Words: 0)
It occurred to me that you might be interested in some thoughts which I expressed privately in recent years , in the hope of clearing up a certain confusion in the public mind about what foreign policy is all about and what it means , and of developing a certain compassion for those who are carrying such responsibilities inside Government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hit (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't hold him like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
The board approved and commended the use of birth-control devices as a part of Christian responsibility in family planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
young chief stared at the wall of his lodge , , listening . (Filtered Words: 0)
The combination proved quite irresistible last night . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sixty-five per cent of the Jewish teen-agers of college age attend institutions of higher learning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , browsing in an old issue of the Gazette Des Beaux-Arts , she found a description of a handsome gilt pier-table purchased in 1817 by President [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Liberals and conservatives in both parties -- Democratic and Republican -- should divorce themselves and form two independent parties , [FILTERED] , nationally known labor-management expert , said here yesterday . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is particularly interesting that those who framed the report should refer to `` the organization which actually owns the university '' : this seems to show an awareness of the fact that there is more to the problem than the ordinary issue of clerical-lay tension . (Filtered Words: 0)
Barney was not really frightening . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty said , `` That's all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Raoul Esnards have exchanged their residence in Southern California for Mexico City . (Filtered Words: 0)
The contract called for overhauling of 102 joints . (Filtered Words: 0)
The story is of a famous strip cartoonist , an arty individual , whose specialty is the American boy and who adopts a 10-year-old to provide him with fresh idea material . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same system , with minor modifications , was developed in Ruanda-Urundi under Belgian administration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Baseball's no cinch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since marginal costs rise when the wage rate rises , the profit-maximizing price also rises when the public-limit price is elevated , and is likely to remain well above the latter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The establishment , by the Holy Father , of a permanent Secretariat for Christian Unity in 1960 was the most dramatic mark of this concern . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's really asking for it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He straightened up , alert now as the buffalo hunter came closer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Farming is confining . (Filtered Words: 0)
We cannot test public opinion until the President and the leaders of the country have gone to the public to explain what is required and have asked them for support for the necessary action . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's where he was when [FILTERED] found him '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The idea seems to threaten profound , barely conscious assumptions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , we are forced to go much farther . (Filtered Words: 0)
In it important elements of Christianity and of the Biblical view of reality in general , which now cause us much difficulty , could be responded to quite naturally and spontaneously . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
They must be induced to establish the necessary tax , fiscal , monetary , and regulatory policies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Traffic frequently has failed to measure up to engineers' rosy estimates . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Lovie , you make me feel naked '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not a substitute for sex but a dynamic expression of the creative impulse in unfettered man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yesterday it offered `` Poised For Violence '' , by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
costs actually vary in much more complex ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suppose it is something right on the planet , native to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The season in San Francisco will open with a special [FILTERED] on November 22 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Frenchman was astonished . (Filtered Words: 0)
Space was provided for short-time guest medical exhibits , and the Museum collected new accessions of microscopes , medical , surgical , and diagnostic instruments , uniform , and similar items of historical medico-military significance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mines are being increasingly oriented against submarine targets . (Filtered Words: 0)
that the amplitude of the variation was considerably less than the amplitude of the variation in the infrared emission as measured by [FILTERED] and Nicholson ( 1930 ) and [FILTERED] ( 1935 ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The approximate equation is Af , where N is the number of Af with electron line-density greater than or equal to Af , and Q is proportional to the mass of the meteorite . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inside , as soon as Mr. [FILTERED] had disclosed -- in a hoarse whisper -- the detective's errand , his family gathered in a huddle , forming a mass of dark flesh on and around a brocaded sofa which stood at one side of a baroque fireplace . (Filtered Words: 1)
It seemed as though she were always auditioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
What a terrible thing , that `` wailing wall '' in Berlin ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Coyotes and hunting wolves sounded like signaling Indian scouts , the whinny of a restless pony made one's skin crawl . (Filtered Words: 0)
They do not destroy physical structures as is true of high explosives . (Filtered Words: 0)
Serum potassium at this time was 3.8 mEq. per liter , and the hemoglobin was 13.9 gm. By Dec. 1 , 1958 , the weakness in the pelvic and quadriceps muscle groups was appreciably worse , and it became difficult for the patient to rise unaided from a sitting or reclining position . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] , nothing is forbidden . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] felt disappointed that [FILTERED] had left ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
`` We'll take the truth to the people , and the people will like the truth and elect their candidate and party in November '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm just finishing breakfast . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sand is fine and pleasant , the cabanas are clean , and the parasols , green , raspberry , and butter yellow , are very gay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since accurate base maps are necessary for any planning program , the first step taken by the planning division to implement the long-range state plan has been to prepare two series of base maps -- one at a scale of 1 inch to a mile , and the second a series of 26 sheets at a scale of 1 inch to 2000 feet , covering the entire state . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , she told [FILTERED] that she saw no reason why he might not see [FILTERED] again , `` now that this frank explanation has been made & no one can misunderstand '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
beyond itself , also , it evokes numerous and distant resonances from the entire body of Mann's work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inflammatory cells were strikingly absent . (Filtered Words: 0)
$80 by 1981 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Church considers this to be the method provided by nature and its divine Author : It involves no frustration of nature's laws , but simply an intelligent and disciplined use of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a rare fit of anger and spite , I `` farmed out '' my own husband to a small and most undistinguished studio to make one picture as a form of punishment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence government must establish greater controls upon corporations so that their activities promote what is deemed essential to the national interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was strictly the deputy's game , but McBride had gone too far to throw in . (Filtered Words: 0)
The greatest source of trouble was rain which had repeatedly flowed from openings above , soaking the surface and leaving streaks of dissolved lime , very conspicuous even after cleaning , particularly in the `` Landing of Columbus '' , `` Oglethorpe and the Indians '' , and `` Yorktown '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A refuse [FILTERED] at the Dumont turned up a florist's box -- a very long box for very long-stemmed flowers . (Filtered Words: 1)
That was the whole question . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's been married and got this half-grown kid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , now she can sleep in the street for all I care '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeds furnish about 40 percent of the total nutrients consumed by all livestock . (Filtered Words: 0)
All things are possible to God , but He chooses -- usually -- to work through people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet it exists and has an objective reality which can be experienced and known . (Filtered Words: 0)
And just as `` Laurie '' Lawrence was first attracted to bright Jo March , who found him immature by her high standards , and then had to content himself with her younger sister Amy , so [FILTERED] , who had also been writing Henrietta before he came to Johns Hopkins , had to content himself with her younger sister , pretty [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
At the opening of the Dusseldorf show , Thompson himself scarcely glanced at the treasures that he was seeing together for the last time . (Filtered Words: 0)
it gives something of dignity even to a bad one '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and frightening , as when a wife tells the police that it is funny , but her husband hasn't been home for two days and nights '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They're buying fun and adventure and family experiences . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then there was [FILTERED]'s engagement to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
I said , `` Wait wait '' to [FILTERED] and he grinned , digging the reference . (Filtered Words: 1)
Our leadership in a wide economic boycott of South Africa would be not only in accord , it seems , with the moral conscience of America , not to be denied because we also as a people have widespread injustice in the relations of the races in our own country , but also in accord with our law , U.S. Code Title 19 , Section 1307 , which forbids the importation of goods made by forced or convict labor . (Filtered Words: 0)
he further reasoned that frequent formulas in epic verse indicate oral composition , and assumed the slightly less likely corollary that oral epic is inclined towards the use of formulas . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] would hear about it . (Filtered Words: 1)
As far as I was concerned , she had already and had dandily shown what she could do . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are other good representations of peasants and people of the court by actors who are finely costumed and magnificently photographed in this last of the Russian films to reach this country in the program of joint cultural exchange . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first program was sponsored by Abraham & Strauss , Hempstead , New York , under the direction of Special Events director [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
So , for all practical purposes , it was an independent nation and by now had its own organized government ( unrecognized outside its own borders ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Comprised of 16 triangular trans-illuminated plastic sections , it makes it possible to combine three different signs in a single unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Christ's College was well represented that year in the ordo , and the name highest on the list from that college was [FILTERED]'s , fourth in the entire university . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I would say depressed , not impressed '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
For God's sake , don't worry . (Filtered Words: 0)
yes , they had let some reporters use their phone , but they would no longer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her legs hung down long and thin as she sat on the high stool . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vapor pressure method . (Filtered Words: 0)
An aggressor would use an agent against which there was a minimal naturally acquired or artificially induced immunity in a target population . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were camped beside a large column-shaped boulder : a man , his lubra , and two children . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] knew that [FILTERED]'s defenses were made of paper . (Filtered Words: 2)
Actually , only two men know what the formula is , Blake and '' -- He stopped and looked at Thor's body . (Filtered Words: 0)
Youth obeyed when commanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
I did notice a twinkle of light from the big house through the woods but as I had left a light on in my own house because of the fog I assumed Mrs. [FILTERED] had done the same before she left for town . (Filtered Words: 1)
note : We've just received an announcement of the 54th Assembly district post-reapportionment organizing convention Wednesday night in South Pasadena's War Memorial Bldg. , which graphically illustrates the CDC's broad appeal . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We bump '' , one said ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If the raw population figures are crucially relevant , then it is idle to think of liberation , as idle as to suppose that Poland might liberate Russia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just me '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Well , now we have two big theaters . (Filtered Words: 0)
We granted certiorari in view of the importance of the questions in the administration of the Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Byron '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
All the king's horses and all the king's men (Filtered Words: 0)
`` His mouth is open '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sixty-seven living units are being added to the 165-unit Harbor View Apartments in the Cherry Hill section . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mass scale used in Table 5-1 was derived on the assumption that the motion of the glowing trail is related to the momentum transfer to the trail by the meteorite , permitting the calculation of the mass if the velocity is known ( [FILTERED] and Whipple , 1958 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'll collar [FILTERED] before night '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
For thirty yards she gained rapidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dinner is sponsored by organized labor and is scheduled for 7 p.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
When she returned to life in the big house she felt shriveled of all emotion save dedication to duty . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] hurried to Sangallo's solitary bachelor room with his sketches , asked the architect to design a stand which would simulate the seated [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
It is reasonably economical for the state to have drivers garage state cars at their homes . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- since , as [FILTERED] says , `` Nobody should play with lives the way we do unless he's motivated by the highest ideals '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Intelligent people will admit that bombs and rockets of destruction are frightening whether they fall on Japan , London or Pearl Harbor . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the same thing , more or less , can be said of the contents of [FILTERED]'s first collage . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the adult world , there are a number of rather general and diffuse sources of ideological diffusion that further compound the adolescent's search for meaning during this particular identity crisis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The specific instance I have in mind is the Afro-Asian version which has gained prominence only in this second half of the twentieth century . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , Eckenfelder increased the efficiency of treatment to between 75 and 85 per cent in the summer months . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Edmund , but not for years . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the middle of September 1918 , there had been fewer than 10,000 deaths from disease in the new army . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so I was really upset the first time I discovered that my boy friend [FILTERED] was seeing Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Washington , Aug. 4 (Filtered Words: 0)
And is the sport really important ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There was , of course , no way for the other planes to get by them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The presiding female functionary , of massive proportions and forbidding appearance , initially did not contribute to the expressions of friendship and welcome by a number of dignified gentlemen representing the arts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many English Catholics are proud of their Catholicism and know that they are in a new ascendancy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or I'll turn you over to the police '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Nineteenth-century virtues , however , seem somehow to have gone out of fashion and the [FILTERED] book has never been particularly popular . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was equally adamant in his opposition to the admission of [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Are your expenses in this area commensurate with the number of employees who benefit from your program ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Was it an omen ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
First : what title , what setup ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The bad early poems are bad [FILTERED] or bad [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
He would tell the Poles , he said , that they had been `` given a fine place to live in , more than three hundred miles each way '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the feed state of the subsequent Af stages which , according to the principle of optimality , must use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to this state . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least one state vehicle was in existence in 1917 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] laid it in the basket . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] was in the shop '' , the Herald Tribune story related , `` but was reluctant to have anybody's picture taken inside , because his business was too ' confidential ' for pictures . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Darling '' -- she said , and the single word mingled love and exasperation in an equal blend . (Filtered Words: 0)
Studies of the intensity data indicate that they may be converted to approximate transition probabilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Issue jury subpoenas (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But surely you have misunderstood Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
For a blood-chilling ring of terror to the very sound of his name was the tool he needed for the job he'd promised to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
He straightened up , alert now as the buffalo hunter came closer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seven years they'd been married . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place work on a flat surface and smooth out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The safest place is the basement corner least exposed to windows and deepest below ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
An area on the coast may have relaxing views of the surf rolling in on a beach . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gave the Juniors the use of the entire ring at the show -- a great advantage to them ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
They curled around the cuff of his nightshirt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can you share medical facilities and staff with neighboring plants ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Pp. 64-66 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But at the coroner's inquest [FILTERED] told a forthright story . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the work of every artist , I suppose , there may be found one or more moments which strike the student as absolutely decisive , ultimately emblematic of what it is all about ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But these comments are hardly printable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first part of the new structure -- that for supporting the basic program of vocational rehabilitation services -- is described in this Section . (Filtered Words: 0)
Time stands still every time Moritz , a 26-year-old Army Signal Corps veteran , goes into the field . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was more than joy . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the fact remains that even the unconscious acceptance of himself as a man of destiny divinely protected must be censored in any man who evades the responsibility for his major decisions , and thus for imposing his will on the people . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are on their way here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and they are dashed , no less , by lack of skill in making selections of men and women for development toward the highest reaches of the mind and spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Housewives are finding literally hundreds of ways of getting the maximum use out of traditional designs , says Mr. [FILTERED] and they are doing it largely because Colonial craftsmen had `` an innate sense of the practical '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then the audience saw a small , dim figure appear at the edge of the Presidential box . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if true , it was the case of which he had dreamed , the case which would throw him into headlines all over America as the hero of a great murder trial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Local embodiment of the whole (Filtered Words: 0)
The historian can only point out those lines which were major enough to find reflection in our limited evidence , and must hope that future excavations will enrich our understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why did he want her to go to church ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
petitioner was not denied due process ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He tends to underestimate -- or perhaps to view charitably -- the brutality and the violence of the age , so that there is an idyllic quality in these pages which hazes over some of its sharp reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the skiff hove into sight , just a dot of light at first against the roiling blackness and crimson streaks of the Coal Sack . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Almagest and The Hypotheses outline Ptolemy's conception of his own task as the provision of computational tables , independent calculating devices for the prediction of future planetary perturbations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contrary to usual organization-position evaluations , the position to which research-staff members report administratively will not necessarily encompass the duties of the research-staff member , therefore , are not necessarily evaluated as highly . (Filtered Words: 0)
And anyway [FILTERED] was not the kind of guy who would be likely to get in trouble even when he was drunk . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` The artist is like a fragment of a mosaic -- no , he is more than that , a virtuoso performer in some vast philharmonic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
We submit that this is a most desirable effect of the law -- and one of its principal aims . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hounds of hell search out their quarry in Apollo's sanctuary as they do in the tent of [FILTERED] 3 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each form represented by the dictionary is looked up in the text-form list . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Aah , go on '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now , I'm not going to pick up those shorts '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Rameau's Six Concerts En Sextuor , recorded by [FILTERED] [FILTERED] ( BAM LD 046 ) , turn out to be harpsichord pieces arranged for strings apparently by the composer himself . (Filtered Words: 2)
During the Sixties we have the prospect of a significant stepping up in the rate of household formations , which should contribute to a rising volume of consumer expenditures and home building . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , under our longstanding allocation rules , on some of these channels no station other than the dominant ( class 1 ) -- A ) station is permitted to operate at night , so that the 1 , -- A station can render service , interference free , wherever it can be received . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rude youngsters (Filtered Words: 0)
A final word . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
Her mouth , which had been so much in my thoughts , was warm and moist and tender . (Filtered Words: 0)
The opening paragraph of the chapter titled The Theory Of Representative Perception , in the book Philosophies Of Science by [FILTERED] says , `` passed on to the brain , and there , by some unexplained process , it causes the mind to have a perception '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Morgan himself had sciatica again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Curt followed , reaching behind him to shut the door and hook it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unions stress fringe benefits , but the individual hourly worker prefers cash every time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nine of them had gone down the gangplank already . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stranger's eyes were large and sad , as if [FILTERED] had hurt his feelings . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Closed doors in city hall (Filtered Words: 0)
Sweat started out on [FILTERED]'s forehead , whether from relief or disquietude he could not tell . (Filtered Words: 1)
We must believe we have the ability to affect our own destinies : otherwise why try anything ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These responses are explicable in terms of characteristics inherent in the crisis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The B vitamins are well represented , especially thiamin and riboflavin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] said he was not critical of city residents for not knowing what to do or where to assemble in case of an air attack . (Filtered Words: 1)
Position these using six intermediate temporary Af spacers and locate the upper 12'' '' bar `` A '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The autofluorescence from the walls of the xylem cells was particularly brilliant . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There was only one power control -- a valve to adjust the fuel flow . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ran for the sick room , found his pistol was broken , and threw it away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only can man project his imagination out into his environment in concrete forms , but even more importantly , he can turn it inward to help create new and better forms of himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
A kerosene shampoo seems a heroic treatment , but it did the job . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus all differences were leveled , and all contrasts erased , in a realm of no distinction , and the harmonious balance of [FILTERED] square could effectively symbolize the world in balanced harmony around a powerful central axis . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'd think that you even more than I would be wondering what they're up to . (Filtered Words: 0)
the continuing threat of inflation , together with the persisting tendency toward fiscal irresponsibility ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
) A sensual man , but very courteous , some would say slick . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can save all that shimming time if you set your windows in one , two , three order -- first the stud on one side , then the window , then the stud on the other side . (Filtered Words: 0)
The adjustment to a uniform and coordinated fiscal period could be accomplished relatively easily for them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Technical assistance in training middle- and upper-level management personnel is still needed in many cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ceremony ended with the laying of a wreath at the crypt of Pike in the House of the Temple . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could tell them his fears of being involved , he could explain what had happened in the old neighborhood and how [FILTERED] had misunderstood and how she had held it over him -- the scene was complete in his mind at the moment , even to his own jerkings and snivelings , and Ferguson's silent patience . (Filtered Words: 1)
Discovery of electromagnetism (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , `` I'm not talking . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` Let's work for peace instead of protection from aggression '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After baptism Jesus came up out of the water at once , and at that moment heaven opened ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She pursed her lips , then clamped them together so tightly that I thought she was angry with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The teacher thought it was so successful that she asks : `` Wouldn't it be helpful to all age groups if they could participate in a similar confessional of their fears and worries '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The door was locked . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took the stack of mail and tossed it into the waste basket . (Filtered Words: 0)
The earlier New Haven development was public housing , so it easily leaped over the problems met in a private venture . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kissed her back . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s words -- in the days of the Spanish Armada's threats ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He seems to use the term alienation in two different ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
The game was resumed . (Filtered Words: 0)
All this will serve to show off the Ory style in fine fashion and is a must for those who want to collect elements of the old-time jazz before it is too late to lay hands on the gems . (Filtered Words: 0)
His mind scurried frantically , seeking an exit . (Filtered Words: 0)
More temperately than in the study of [FILTERED] and despite his Liberal bias , [FILTERED] vividly sketches the England of pre-French Revolution days , portrays the stresses and strains of the revolutionary period in rich colors , and brings developments leading to the Reform Bill into sharp and clear focus . (Filtered Words: 2)
Dance teachers can respond to President [FILTERED]'s request not only through their regular dance work , but also through the kind of basic gymnastic work that makes for strength and flexibility . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Dupont case (Filtered Words: 0)
I think its thirst had never been assuaged before . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor [FILTERED] wrote : `` (Filtered Words: 1)
Now , he could only play the last card in what was probably the world's coldest deck . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the brightness of the F component of the solar corona and the brightness of the zodiacal light , an estimate of the particle sizes , concentrations , and spatial distribution can be derived for regions of space near the ecliptic plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later abstractive and rational processes may indicate errors of judgment in these apprehensions of value , but the apprehensions themselves are the primary stuff of experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Moriarty '' , my driver suddenly exclaimed with something so definite , so final in his tone I once more repeated the absurdity , mustering all my latent powers of hypocrisy to sound convinced . (Filtered Words: 0)
The metal collar gagging his neck ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The notion of philosophy as [FILTERED] may fit well with authoritarian modes of political ideology , but it has been noted that the price of such an imperial notion of philosophy is the frustration and flagellation of the social sciences . (Filtered Words: 1)
Barton caught the lighter man's shoulder and swung him around . (Filtered Words: 0)
he is very close to being a mental case . (Filtered Words: 0)
The huge market for changeable signs has spurred a universal demand for individual plastic letters , in all shapes and sizes -- and a number of companies are set up to supply them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The images themselves , like their counterparts in experience , are not neutral qualities to be surveyed dispassionately ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A pool is no place for a shut trap . (Filtered Words: 0)
Undergraduates (Filtered Words: 0)
only the counter at one end was lighted by a long fluorescent tube suspended directly above it . (Filtered Words: 0)
How did they miss him when they got [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
One of my private patients was being admitted and I went in to see her settled . (Filtered Words: 0)
And a gray-haired man whose glance -- direct , lifelike , and mildly accusing -- was contradicted by the gilt and black frame . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet tension existed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It exhibits much the same descriptive technique and is open to much the same criticisms . (Filtered Words: 0)
A chill wind in the air and the narrow streets packed with snow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic chemistry (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were often carefully written out with a great deal of thought behind them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Snatching the lantern from its peg , he shattered its globe with a blow against a post . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are assisted and advised by members of the Art Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus when yes , I have is the response to have you finished reading the paper ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The point is that many of the most impressive developments in the arts nowadays are aberrant , idiosyncratic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Very few committees ever looked past the first few photos . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My taste is gaudy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The infamous Wansee Conference called by Heydrich in January 1942 , to organize the material and technical means to put to death the eleven million Jews spread throughout the nations of Europe , was attended by representatives of major organs of the German state , including the Reich Minister of the Interior , the State Secretary in charge of the Four Year Plan , the Reich Minister of Justice , the Under Secretary of Foreign Affairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
For outdoor signs and displays , where the problem of weathering resistance is no longer a factor , the choice of plastics is almost unlimited . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , said Tuesday `` there is no present need for far-reaching reforms '' which would basically alter the international financial system . (Filtered Words: 1)
In Ireland's [FILTERED] , near the River Shannon , there is a quiet little suburb by the name of Garryowen , which means `` Garden of Owen '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Enemy reinforcements came pouring down , seeking a soft spot . (Filtered Words: 0)
All that time rifle barrels were pointing unwaveringly at his head and body . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trio who shared the most-valuable honors were introduced by [FILTERED] , sports editor of the Post-Dispatch . (Filtered Words: 1)
I can hardly wait '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We said there that it was necessary `` that a registrant be given an opportunity to rebut ( the Department's ) recommendation when it comes to the Appeal Board , the agency with the ultimate responsibility for classification '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And of course religious life continues to center in the more famous mosques , and commercial life -- very much a social institution -- in the bazaar . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll sleep longer and better , too , awake refreshed and free of hot weather nerves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Old [FILTERED] is my ideal . (Filtered Words: 1)
As I said , they were both painters . (Filtered Words: 0)
We should first recognize our tendency to develop a hierarchy of values , locating brief treatment at the bottom and long-term intensive service at the top , instead of seeing the services as part of a continuum , each important in its own right . (Filtered Words: 0)
The NCTA is well advised to seek funds for this purpose from the present session of Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
You are even uglier than Mr. [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You're staying right here for a while . (Filtered Words: 0)
the purchase of equipment , facilities , machinery , supplies , or materials ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally , [FILTERED] had no wish to remain , but she felt she couldn't leave so soon after her arrival , in all politeness to her host . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ann thrilled to the sight of a delicate butterfly and two strange tropical birds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Garden Fresh , the result of a mating of Better Self and Rosy Fingered , seems to improve with each start and appeared to win the St. Patrick's Day Purse with some speed in reserve . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lieutenant's sparse brown hair was heavily pomaded , and as [FILTERED] raked the comb through it , it stuck together in thatches so that it looked like umbrella ribs clinging to his pink skull . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Ah , did you once see Shelley plain '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
a tiny cake of ice . (Filtered Words: 0)
he knew he should get to [FILTERED] , but he didn't know how . (Filtered Words: 1)
You would be surprised how many fans purposely stayed away from Bears Stadium last year because of the television policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does he care about things that matter to you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Freud probably contributed more than anyone else to the understanding of dreams , enabling us to recognize their equivalents in our wakeful thoughts . (Filtered Words: 0)
See Chapter 38 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s left hand was pressed against the side of his head , red cheeks whitening beneath his fingers . (Filtered Words: 1)
When he charged [FILTERED] was ready . (Filtered Words: 1)
All responses , except comments , were numerically coded to permit use of data-processing equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Worst of all , [FILTERED] had no training for any kind of work . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was talking about him that time , because he had done some bad thing , something she disliked , but `` Afterwards Martin said he was sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine for each State ( except the Virgin Islands , Guam , Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii ) , that percentage which bears the same ration to 40% as the particular State's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was found the day after at the bottom of the cliff . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lower Mississippi . (Filtered Words: 0)
May we have a word with you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When the algae began to build up again , the effluent BOD rose . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , I thought you'd probably be up . (Filtered Words: 0)
One might pretend never to have seen one before , or , to more purpose , that there would never be another like it . (Filtered Words: 0)
They could not guess that from their concepts of liberty and freedom would some day be born a new nation that for years would be the symbol of hope to the oppressed countries of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some cases in evidence of the use of roleplaying for analysis may help explain the procedure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine was alone , for they were impatient people and by now would have vied to knock him from the tree . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was standing there , he thought , in Virginia , in the thickening dusk , in a costly greatcoat that had belonged to another Jew . (Filtered Words: 0)
This stain often disrupts the normal cell activity or else colors only the outside . (Filtered Words: 0)
He slammed the door and listened as his servants ran up , alarmed at the sound of the shots . (Filtered Words: 0)
With multiple member districts the still fragmentary local party organizations could have operated more effectively and parties might have been encouraged to state their positions more clearly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a somewhat goggle-eyed expression . (Filtered Words: 0)
He winced . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leaving his rifle in the wagon , Tilghman walked up to the door and hammered on it . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
His interest in the formal study of religion waned when he was sixteen and he substituted for it an interest in Asian affairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are standard sliding glass windows in wood or aluminum frames for those panels requiring them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The work program , as it was originally proposed , was to take five years to complete . (Filtered Words: 0)
As an aid in reducing bacterial diarrhea and preventing foot rot , feed not less than 0.1 milligram per pound of body weight daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
it must play a game in which there never is a winner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pleasure , fame and fortune , drowning your troubles with a drink , and `` living it up '' with the gang are like candy bars when you're hungry : they may ease your hunger temporarily , but they'll never take the place of a satisfying , mouth-watering steak . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Earthmen made camp outside the spaceship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tappets and locking bars (Filtered Words: 0)
She found she could cope with all kinds of problems for which she was once considered too helpless . (Filtered Words: 0)
How long should I wait '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
All he cares about is his whisky and that dry crack in his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a mound of bleached human bones and skulls at the base of the big wooden derrick . (Filtered Words: 0)
My camp-made leather wallet , bulky with twisted , raised stitches around the edges , I stuffed with money I had been saving . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Southern Illinois , the new federal program of help to economically depressed areas ought to provide some stimulus to growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing in the Title shall be construed as the assumption of any liability by the United States for the payment or satisfaction , in whole or in part , of any claim on behalf of any national of the United States against any foreign government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , however , this turns out to be only part of the picture . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost immediately they began to sizzle . (Filtered Words: 0)
For almost one-sixth of the national population discrimination in the free selection of residence casts a considerable shadow upon these values assumed as self-evident by most Americans . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bingles and bobbles : (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a well-known relationship between probability and entropy which states that Af , where **zq is the probability that state ( i.e. , volume for an ideal gas ) could be reached by chance alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bill which passed the Assembly last May and is now pending in the Senate should be given careful scrutiny . (Filtered Words: 0)
we are stronger and more self-confident -- and Low cannot so easily put us to rights . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm angry '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again it was used as the title for the hoss wrangler , and when the order was given to go out and `` rustle the hosses '' , it meant for 'im to go out and herd 'em in . (Filtered Words: 0)
The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war . (Filtered Words: 0)
I belong to Master [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But , so far as its territorial objectives were concerned , the campaign was successful . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the case of taxpaying corporate stockholders , the measure would be the lesser of the fair market value of the shares or Du Pont's tax basis for them , which is approximately $2.09 per share . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somebody had scrawled American Express , Piazza di Spagna ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Experience of this time diffusion ranges from a sense of utter apathy to a feeling of desperate urgency to act immediately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Benson said , and Ramey wondered how close their thoughts might have been . (Filtered Words: 0)
The music arrived , taking him its rhythm . (Filtered Words: 0)
And if you bore each other then , heaven help you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inspiring -- yes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He sighed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the ninth , [FILTERED] led off with his second double of the night , a blast off the fence 375 feet deep into left . (Filtered Words: 1)
The jotted Lyon : This mad world dept. : [FILTERED] and the Kremlin crowd are confident all right . (Filtered Words: 1)
Voegelin has analyzed this experience in the case of the stable , healthy community . (Filtered Words: 0)
His worries harried him up out of bed , and he lighted a cigarette and went to the window . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why the teacher should study the individual pupil (Filtered Words: 0)
For expository purposes , this is best treated as a model which spells out the conditions under which an important industry affected with the public interest would find it profitable to raise wages even in the absence of union pressures for higher wages . (Filtered Words: 0)
and talks on how their Christian faith can guide them in learning about and fighting Communism during high school and college days , by [FILTERED] , director of Greater Miami Youth for Christ , and [FILTERED] , director of Campus Crusade for Christ . (Filtered Words: 2)
they will trust only their physical sensations , the wisdom of the body , the holy promptings of the unconscious . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , in 1693 the Philadelphia Yearly Meeting of Friends declared that its members should emancipate their slaves and in 1776 it determined to exclude from membership all who did not comply . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s principal influence lay in the communication of an attitude -- that of the now extinct British romantic school of the New Apocalypse -- Henry Treece , [FILTERED] , and others -- all of whom were quite conventional poets . (Filtered Words: 2)
The great seal of the United States was obviously inspired by the Christian faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rousseau is so persuasive that Voltaire is almost convinced that he should burn his books , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
He listed among the values of fiscal uniformity : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He pushed his jaw forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was puzzled by the remark , then I recalled the voice of mild Professor [FILTERED] three years ago in a university lecture on primitive societies . (Filtered Words: 1)
Looking the setup over , [FILTERED] started coolly for the rear of the place . (Filtered Words: 1)
Tell your guys not to block the plate '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Seems like we're never going to see eye to eye , Lieutenant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today the recreational boating scene is awash with heartening statistics which prove the enormous growth of that sport . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cautioned that `` the greater danger in this recovery may be excessive stimulation by government which could bring moderate inflation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jess painfully got to his feet as someone rattled the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
the rewards prompt and juicy in modern big-business America . (Filtered Words: 0)
he had found his fowl . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a response to the conflict between political pressure and the moral intuition which resulted in attempts at prediction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next day I visited International Christian College which has developed since the war under the leadership of people who were interned and who know Japan well . (Filtered Words: 0)
They did not complain at the inhuman hour of starting ( seven in the morning ) , nor of the tariff , which was reasonable since it covered everything but the tobacco . (Filtered Words: 0)
I followed a shrubbery-lined gravel path alongside the house to the pool . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beaten with fear and sound and wet and chill , they crawled to the hurricane deck and looked out haggardly at a world of water that reached clear to the surrounding hills . (Filtered Words: 0)
It also happened with the Inauguration , which was not re-run at all during the evening hours , and I wrote to the TV editor of the Times . (Filtered Words: 0)
She jumped as the little man now appeared at the window and , reaching through the opening , offered her a bottle of coke . (Filtered Words: 0)
Section 7 is designed to arrest in its incipiency not only the substantial lessening of competition from the acquisition by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation , but also to arrest in their incipiency restraints or monopolies in a relevant market which , as a reasonable probability , appear at the time of suit likely to result from the acquisition by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
What Lincoln could not concede was that the states rather than the people were sovereign in the Union . (Filtered Words: 0)
She remembered little of her previous journey there with [FILTERED] , and she could but hope that her dedication to her mission would enable her to accomplish it . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , whose fame has rested in recent years on his skills as a night club monologist , proved himself very much at home in musical comedy . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is an experience of a new depth of community derived from an awareness of the corporate indwelling of Christ in His people . (Filtered Words: 0)
The debate led to a decision that Chicago needed neither a big name nor an experienced academic administrator , but rather , as Trustee Chairman [FILTERED] put it , `` a top scholar in his own right '' -- a bright light to lure other top scholars to Chicago . (Filtered Words: 1)
Bedtime is late , for the balmy evenings are delightful and everyone wants to linger under the stars . (Filtered Words: 0)
All I could remember was Billie Dove pasted over the ceiling of my big brother's room . (Filtered Words: 0)
The child dies with his mourning mother at his bedside . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were stocky men , well fed and clean-shaven , with neat uniforms and sturdy boots . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was afraid to look for fear the evil might still be going on . (Filtered Words: 0)
With intelligence . (Filtered Words: 0)
These programs emphasize the acceptance of biracial classrooms peacefully . (Filtered Words: 0)
they see it as a potpourri of charming , moral legends and patriotic anecdotes , with a superstition or remedy thrown in here and there . (Filtered Words: 0)
They have model kitchens , a sick room with a model patient in bed , and a nursery with a life-like doll . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is [FILTERED] reads the news emotionally , dominant stress may or may not be on the adjunct emotionally . (Filtered Words: 1)
A gray fox with a patch on one eye -- confidence man , city slicker , lebensraum specialist -- tries to take over [FILTERED] in this third relaxed allegory from Mr. [FILTERED]'s refreshing Louisiana animal community . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Drink your beer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and many are engineers who have been advanced from the divisions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oak Park , Aug. 8 (Filtered Words: 0)
This is known as conformational entropy . (Filtered Words: 0)
A friend of my father's came to dinner . (Filtered Words: 0)
This could never happen in my native Chicago . (Filtered Words: 0)
And `` Bravo , [FILTERED] , continue '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Just me '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Handle for creamer is a strip of clay 1/2'' '' wide and 3-1/2'' '' long . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cholesterol , the cornerstone of Dr. [FILTERED]'s theory , is a mysterious yellowish , waxy substance , chemically a crystalline alcohol . (Filtered Words: 1)
Supplementing the actual art are memorabilia -- correspondence , diaries , books from the artist's library , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
He completed his training in pharmacy also , taking his degree with high honors in 1797 , and in 1799 was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy along with a prize for an essay in medicine . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 12 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There should even be no more bitter surprises in the UN General Assembly as to NATO members' votes , since a new ad hoc NATO committee has been set up so that in the future such topics as Angola will be discussed in advance . (Filtered Words: 0)
And they couldn't have entrusted Henri to better hands because `` le professeur '' knows his muscles from the sterno-cleido mastoideus of the neck right down to the tibialis anticus of the leg and better still , he knows just what exercises work best for them and what [FILTERED] principles to combine them with for fast , fast muscle growth . (Filtered Words: 1)
The queen afterward keeps incubating and guarding her eggs like a mother hen , taking a sip from time to time from the rather liquid honey in her honey pots . (Filtered Words: 0)
His grand-daughter sighed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Tough '' , [FILTERED] said , `` Listen , we're having a stag dinner over at the Pagan Room on Friday . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cartoons were drawn full size , after sketches had been made to satisfy all the authorities . (Filtered Words: 0)
In designing his home fallout shelter there is nothing to prevent a man from planning to shelter that home's occupants , `` plus-one '' -- so he will be able to take in a stranger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] said he believed there are a number of qualified city residents who would be willing to take the full-time CD job . (Filtered Words: 1)
Wagner replied , `` Can't you just see the headline : ' City Hooked for $172,000 ' '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This covered , wooden bridge is so closely identified with the first action in the early morning of June 3 , 1861 , and with subsequent troop movements of both armies in the Philippi area that it has become a part and parcel of the war story . (Filtered Words: 0)
Third , it could threaten at all times , and destroy when possible , the enemy communications . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , he didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus Trevelyan repeats the story which pictured [FILTERED] as refusing to abandon the famous Statuto at the insistence of General Radetzky . (Filtered Words: 1)
He held the razor well out to one side . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where did you pick him up '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What's your name , anyway ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] led the birthcontrol league , Mrs. [FILTERED] was arthritis , and way in the distance could be seen the slate roof of [FILTERED] house , a roof that signified gout . (Filtered Words: 3)
Just because she had a part on the stage in the old country , she thought she could carry her head higher than ours '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , there lies your answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was convicted last year of having aided North Celebes rebels by flying bombing missions . (Filtered Words: 1)
Because I'm looking for the son of a bitch that killed that old man , and I'm going to get him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone somehow manages to overlook completely the fact that , as far as we know , there were exactly two people in and about the house at the time of both murders : [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
this issue that you are reading marks my 15th anniversary . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they all said , `` No , your time will come . (Filtered Words: 0)
in addition to the miscellaneous pamphlets and other printed matter which it issues , the College maintains regular publications , as follows : (Filtered Words: 0)
Such items recall the California journalist who reported an accident involving a movie star : `` The area in which Miss N -- was injured is spectacularly scenic '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is true , of course , the uncertainties of life being what they are , that as now and then the Christian killed the lion , homecoming days have been ruined by a visiting team . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was angry , sickened . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the Turks conquered the city in 1453 they converted it to a mosque , adding the stubby minarets . (Filtered Words: 0)
He doubted if a man could wade as far as the desolate , dry hills that rimmed the valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the Czarship had not affected my own sense of social values , but Mother had attained a reflected glory through it , which had opened the doors of Los Angeles-Pasadena Society to her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stuart had been laid off at the produce company and had to go back to sitting in his father's office , taking what salary his father could hand out to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last he noticed a return of the inwardness of pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Du Pont would be denied the right to acquire any additional General Motors stock except through General Motors' distributions of stock or subscription rights to its stockholders . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy came around behind me , dragging the stake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over-achievers were at least one standard deviation above the regression line in their school system . (Filtered Words: 0)
To provide as many choices of service to as many listeners as possible ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You are likely to be nearer the truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll know when you've made the greatest stretch because your shoulder blades will touch ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Very slowly he maneuvered his rawboned bay gelding , edging closer , watching for a chance to throw , but ready to spin and run , rope whining about his head , horse edging tensely under him , but the gelding was obedient and responded and was not paralyzed by the close proximity of the lion . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made the mistake of answering in an offhand way , and instantly realized that his skepticism must have showed in his face or voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was twelve he took to reading St. Augustine and Aquinas , then Lao-tse , [FILTERED] , Mencius , [FILTERED] , Hindu tomes by endless Krishnaists and numerous socio-archaeological papers . (Filtered Words: 2)
Shea and his wife , [FILTERED] , make their home at Sands Point , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The place had been cheap -- just the little he had left after [FILTERED]'s burial -- and it would serve its purpose . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] replied : (Filtered Words: 1)
Many of his fellow officers refused to speak to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's fun , and it's easy -- so easy that there is time left after cooking , and tent keeping , for the women to get out and enjoy outdoor fun with their families . (Filtered Words: 0)
Command has achieved the ideal amount of reverberation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He moaned and pulled the hand away . (Filtered Words: 0)
The radio stations did run `` transcripts '' ( I thought ) during the evening hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
He heard their chattering , and then the sounds of hacking as they dismembered the snake right on the porch with wood axes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The figure leapt from the box , almost lost its balance , the flag draped there tore in the air , the figure landed on its left leg , fell on its hands , and pressed itself up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proof lack charged (Filtered Words: 0)
Orders of the day began to specify the standard map for the movement . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the famous [FILTERED] case , a suit was brought against the union by the Loewe Company for monopolistic practices , e.g. , trying to persuade consumers not to purchase the product of the struck manufacturer . (Filtered Words: 1)
until used they were stored for as long as 2 weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
In doing so [FILTERED] and Byrnes were `` asking for the ratification of a grim lesson in the facts of international life '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A train hooted . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The Gov. [FILTERED] administration appears to face a difficult year in 1961 , with the governor's theme of peace and harmony subjected to severe stresses . (Filtered Words: 1)
But none of this has prevented scientists , philosophers , and even historians of science , from speaking of the Ptolemaic system , in contrast to the Copernican . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tolley's going is my fault . (Filtered Words: 0)
They met next morning and all the mornings thereafter . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , together with a derby hat and horn-rim eyeglasses , gave me the appearance of a Russian nihilist . (Filtered Words: 0)
By accepted definition , a 1-ton conditioner will provide 12,000 BTU of cooling in one hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
During this period , 7,827 teaching sets were distributed on loan . (Filtered Words: 0)
She sidled along the booths one step at a time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Tell him I made a pass at you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Artists simply do not talk to each other in that fashion ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Their presence fouled the elegance of that room . (Filtered Words: 0)
The school has always maintained a farm to supply the needs of the school . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , thank you . (Filtered Words: 0)
a following volley of shots shattered glass , ripped the ceiling , and sent him lurching heavily from the table . (Filtered Words: 0)
As things now stand , there is a grievous disparity between the unity in Christ which we profess in ecumenical meetings and the complacent separateness of most congregations on any Main Street in the nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The original formula goes thus : (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a virtue of which we have great need in a society where there seems to be an increasing lack of communication -- or even desire for communication -- between differing schools of thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh . (Filtered Words: 0)
He apologized so sweetly , I couldn't keep being annoyed with him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The Pirates showed they could outclass the field last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
By now [FILTERED] was seeing clearly again . (Filtered Words: 1)
But when I saw that it was already ten past seven , I began to wonder if something had gone wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three bogies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The victim Darnell Somerville , Negro , 1 , was pronounced dead on arrival at Anne Arundel General Hospital in Annapolis . (Filtered Words: 0)
If action is indicated , what kind of action is relevant to the problem ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , I take classes with different people '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact that [FILTERED] was an extrovert , concerned primarily with what he saw , adds greatly to the value of his art as a human chronicle . (Filtered Words: 1)
The metal collar gagging his neck ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
they had nothing to give to each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
It contracts with outside repair garages for much of the latter work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Factors responsible for the spoilage of foods (Filtered Words: 0)
These arrangements would have been impossible if the business community was truly interested in the welfare of its employes . (Filtered Words: 0)
You don't believe that I'm going back to medical school and finish , do you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Martin called for patience on the part of Americans . (Filtered Words: 0)
Isn't that so '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
butter ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Contact (Filtered Words: 0)
Its windows glowed with lamplight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon he was in trouble there , for defending a woman who was accused of smiling in church . (Filtered Words: 0)
A favorite is [FILTERED] , however . (Filtered Words: 1)
How's about mosaic tile , ceramics or similar arts and crafts ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Without such uncertainty we are left with a set of dogmas and myths . (Filtered Words: 0)
He burst from the hot confinement of the room into the cold night air . (Filtered Words: 0)
Solder this second `` B '' to `` A '' at right angles . (Filtered Words: 0)
but he has not worked out by lexicostatistics one comprehensively complete classification of even a single family other than Salish . (Filtered Words: 0)
The plan is admirably fulfilled for the period up to 1832 . (Filtered Words: 0)
We'll drop Mr. [FILTERED] off in Ardmore '' , Julia said , and for the merest second [FILTERED] was reminded of her father's tone with servants . (Filtered Words: 2)
It is conceived that one of the means to attain this social distance is that of physical and social isolation . (Filtered Words: 0)
And after I brought them sandwiches and coffee I had to go back to my place in the kitchen and wait . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nearness to markets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the number of people flowing in and out of our metropolitan areas each day has increased tremendously since World War 2 , , total annual rail commutation dropped 124 million for 1947 to 1957 . (Filtered Words: 0)
What ought to be , what is his potential role as a force for constructive social change ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We have now a quiet city , fewer automobiles , less congestion , and fewer retail customers shopping in center city . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our Patterson Moos Research Division has made further very encouraging progress in development of fuel cells . (Filtered Words: 0)
At once he started to glance toward the instrument panel . (Filtered Words: 0)
I remember being told it would happen so fast people would think it took place overnight . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seemed as if they were all under a spell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then again , there's always that lovely old pastime of hooking or braiding rugs . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Widow , nice sort of woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was giving the parked cars the once-over . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the boat had touched , the weaker ones and the two wounded men had been lifted out and carried away by the soldiers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I ain't hid nothing in the crib '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That it had found a planet on which human beings could live and which was already inhabited by sentient beings '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And they sat down and began their little coffee party . (Filtered Words: 0)
His answers to the classification questionnaire reflected that he was a minister of [FILTERED]'s Witnesses , employed at night by a sugar producer . (Filtered Words: 1)
He stood on the rock , a skinny , dignified boy surrounded by the ocean . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fairmount Park Commission (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet adequate compensation -- and particularly merely adequate compensation is no substitute for those intangibles which cause a man to sacrifice part of his earning potential by taking up college teaching in the first place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lake Michigan offers swimming and pictures which combine cityscapes with beaches . (Filtered Words: 0)
The states and the Nation's Capital all have some desegregation , in fact some dating back to 1954 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This ain't your brand , maybe '' , Lord suggested . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Corn Palace at [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]. , `` the world's corniest building '' , has a carnival through Sept. 23 headlining the Three Stooges and Pee Wee Hunt . (Filtered Words: 2)
In contrast , a metal coupon Af in size would have a magnitude from 100,000 to a million less . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wheaton stated that the public law was essentially `` limited to the civilized and Christian peoples of Europe or to those of European origin '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although it is constantly made to look foolish ( too simple to come in out of the rain , people say , who have found in the innocent an impediment ) , it does not mind looking foolish because it is not concerned with how it looks . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think we were very tired , for we awoke at the same moment , deeply rested , surprised to see the late morning sun on the windows , which were wet where the rime had melted . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Hoag had not stayed on the front steps when Griffith disappeared into the building . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Roman Catholic Church , however , sanctions a much more liberal policy on family planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cutting , of course , takes place automatically in the creation of a film . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet [FILTERED] plowed ahead , mouthing the inconsequential words as if they possessed real meaning , and gradually his listeners warmed to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` Right around the corner '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A friend of [FILTERED]'s named [FILTERED] had just muscled into the Portwatchers' Union . (Filtered Words: 2)
He said sharply . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last , sitting there , in the familiar surroundings , the truth began to sink in . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't think so '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor will the hack , the [FILTERED]-of-all-trades , still found in some of the smaller art schools , suffice . (Filtered Words: 1)
Booth had delivered his line . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You know , that's very interesting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Further proof ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't touched her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The strange creature , housed in wire , made him shudder . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bond issue will go to the state courts for a friendly test suit to test the validity of the act , and then the sales will begin and contracts let for repair work on some of Georgia's most heavily traveled highways . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having a boat financed through a local bank is done much the same way as an automobile loan is extended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seven million families would total 30 million Americans or more . (Filtered Words: 0)
to refine and extend his own techniques for studying individual children ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If within one year you can make a success out of the American , you can practically name your own salary thereafter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously I'm stuck on the line between the two countries '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are other basic rules . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's your profit margin ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What is now called Christian fellowship is often little more than the social chumminess of having a gracious time with the kind of people one likes . (Filtered Words: 0)
But his heavenward glances and his pious speeches are not merely perfunctory ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We have just observed that we can write Af where D is diagonalizable and N is nilpotent , and where D and N not only commute but are polynomials in T . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was her work to go among her neighbors and collect their checks . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I like the tradition '' , a girl said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Uncertainty overcoming itself is the precondition of the quest for new and more precise information about the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Church considers this to be the method provided by nature and its divine Author : It involves no frustration of nature's laws , but simply an intelligent and disciplined use of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] would curse . (Filtered Words: 1)
How long should I wait '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the official procurer for King Farouk , now in exile . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was nearly thirty at the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some have seen revivalism and the search for Christian perfection as the fountain-head of the American hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As you know , General [FILTERED] has been occupying Beverly . (Filtered Words: 1)
For one thing , there is a natural belt of rock across the river bed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet [FILTERED] impressed him as a poet capable of `` sustained power , passion , or beauty '' , and he cited specific passages to illustrate not only these qualities but [FILTERED]'s command of imagery as well . (Filtered Words: 2)
An enemy might choose an acutely debilitating microorganism , a chronic disease producer or one causing a high rate of lethality . (Filtered Words: 0)
In two cases , airplanes only were indicated . (Filtered Words: 0)
They emerged as interchangeable cogs in a faulty but formidable machine : shaved nearly naked , hair queued , greatcoated , jackbooted , and best of all -- in the opinion of the British professional , Major [FILTERED] -- `` their minds are not estranged from the paths of obedience by those smatterings of knowledge which only serve to lead to insubordination and mutiny '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] , eager to have him allied with the family , wanted advice beyond the confines of his field , and [FILTERED] set out on a serious study of the situation , including trips to Wisconsin and Washington . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] would have to wait , she knew . (Filtered Words: 1)
And last week at the Masters Palmer and Player did . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was getting light . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Scared the hell out of him '' , Kahler grinned . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , now , I don't know about that much '' , said Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
When she picked up the receiver , her mother's cheerful voice was there . (Filtered Words: 0)
She never hid the fact that she liked to play . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be such a relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
hollyhock blossoms that , turned upside down , make pink-petticoated ladies ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The PM might show he drowned instead , but that's what the once-over-lightly gives us . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1952 , the European Coal and Steel Community was launched , placing the coal and steel production of France , West Germany , Italy and Benelux under a supranational High Authority . (Filtered Words: 0)
An impoverished home that may discourage one child may constitute the motivation causing another to work harder for successful achievement in school . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Fran and he had met about two years after she had arrived in Manhattan from Nebraska , or was it Wyoming ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They have fine FN actions and a better-than-average finish on both the metal and the stock wood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pass In Review practically guarantees enjoyment , and is a dramatic demonstration of the potentialities of any stereo music system . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] then allowed him to come . (Filtered Words: 1)
Outside of combat , he couldn't have landed in a tougher spot . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bus was burned outside Anniston . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although no national norms exist for the social development of children , the teacher can find a great deal of information concerning types of social behavior normally displayed by children at various age levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
There have been many extremely competent men who have been converted into very incompetent managers or submerged in paper work , to their own and the public's dissatisfaction and loss . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he emphasized that the agency must train people within its own employ to fulfill what Field handles , and he said he personally `` regrets very much that the agency has not done this in the past '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] interrupted furiously . (Filtered Words: 1)
He might say or do something foolish . (Filtered Words: 0)
To save time , some clarification seemed necessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
( I watched it on television late one night last week and it `` stands up '' remarkably well , even twenty years later . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Felix '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I used to love this country and believe that someday we'd win our battle for equality . (Filtered Words: 0)
and I know that I , myself , was nauseated with apprehension and fear and that my hands were soaking wet where they held my gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
He caught up with the old man in the living room . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But there never is any need . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of his brain injury and the extreme damage suffered to his sight , the patient had to train himself for a new line of work , that of a portfolio-maker , an occupation requiring a great deal of precision in the making of measurements and a fairly well-developed sense of form and contour . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Factors in the cost of treatment are the length of time involved and the skill and education of the practitioner '' , says Dr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Though there is obviously great need for continued experimentation with various types of short-term intervention to further efforts in developing an operational definition of prevention at the secondary -- or perhaps , in some instances , primary -- level , the place of short-term intervention has already been documented by a number of investigators in a wide variety of settings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cut a piece of clay for base and two for sides each about Af ( long enough for three impressions of mold ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The blooms of [FILTERED] and of the willow and sloe are the places where large numbers of our early insects will assemble : honeybees , bumblebees , and other wild bees , and also various kinds of flies . (Filtered Words: 1)
But the parallel is significant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indonesia Court Upholds [FILTERED]'s [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
It is obvious that such an influence can only be expected in the final stage of an image intensifier at rather high output levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stumbled over the root of a tree that protruded maliciously above the earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s all right '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Climbing the steps steadily , they reached the top and headed for the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a thousand things to see to . (Filtered Words: 0)
) days at least from instant retaliation -- will defy the Party . (Filtered Words: 0)
or it may involve more subtle distinctions : the sway may be gradually minimized or enlarged , its rhythmic emphasis may be slightly modified , or it may be transferred to become a movement of only the arms or the head . (Filtered Words: 0)
he despised parsimony , and particularly of words . (Filtered Words: 0)
The party is usually in a room small enough so that all guests are within sight and hearing of one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether the Fathers , who died before Christ was born of the Virgin Mary , were justified and saved only by the blood which he shed , and the death which he suffered after his incarnation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of this lifelike quality results from Mussorgsky's care in basing his vocal line on natural speech inflections . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] went and lived in the slums as a sidewalk derelict for ten days . (Filtered Words: 1)
At a reception for new members of Congress , Oregon Democrat [FILTERED] , taking the Senate seat held by her husband [FILTERED] until his death last March , got a brotherly buss from Democratic Elder Statesman [FILTERED] , U.S. Ambassador-designate to the U.N. . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` The Tyranny Of Trivia '' suggests arbitrary alphabetical associations to induce slumber . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kitti could have married a score of men . (Filtered Words: 0)
but he defended the doctrine in The Art Of Happiness , and what indeed could be said against the Epicurean virtues , health , frugality , privacy , culture and friendship ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And there would be no chance of signaling them -- without the [FILTERED] generator [FILTERED] could not send a call powerful enough to get through all the static , and by the time he could rebuild his fusion power the skiff would be gone . (Filtered Words: 2)
Behind Ramey feet scraped beneath sharp questioning whispers . (Filtered Words: 0)
otherwise , the cork dries and air enters to spoil it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He refused to bring [FILTERED] to it even as an occasional visitor , claiming that his every move was watched by spies of the Milbankes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Captain [FILTERED] did not communicate with any strange vessels because of the possibility of war between the United States and Britain . (Filtered Words: 1)
Where then is the sound planning and cooperation between agencies within the community that you have called for in other editorials ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED]'s words recalled [FILTERED] to his lack of fitness for courting . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was three o'clock before I figured it was all right to go . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead he brought with him the names of some people he had never met and of whom the medium knew nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
11 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And it's all the more tragic because it's so little deserved '' , said Mr. [FILTERED] , a Belgian official of the United Nations Educational , Scientific , and Cultural Organization . (Filtered Words: 1)
He put the bottle down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stock designs are excellent for use with scopes . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was all he had , everything he had , everything he wanted . (Filtered Words: 0)
He swayed like a drunkard , his arms milling in slow circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
We stopped first at the amphitheater that lies at the foot of the height crowned by the Parthenon . (Filtered Words: 0)
They either walked or were driven . (Filtered Words: 0)
A reporter who consulted a Middle East Information officer for routine vital statistics got nowhere until the State Department man produced from his bottom desk drawer a brochure published by the Arabian-American Oil Company . (Filtered Words: 0)
They rarely spoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had heard about it the night before at her hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We got fired '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` With my trial coming up in Federal Court next week I wouldn't want that picture published '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At Yokosuka he was restricted to the confines of the Base because [FILTERED] , being thoughtful , knew that Doc might have to draw some medical supplies from the hospital or the Supply Base . (Filtered Words: 1)
But more important , and the thing which the casual traveler and the blind sojourner often do not see , is that these places and activities are often the settings in which Persians exercise their extraordinary aesthetic sensibilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , the 1952 study collected comparable data from 4,585 students at ten other colleges and universities scattered across the country : Dartmouth , Harvard , Yale , Wesleyan , North Carolina , Fisk , Texas , University of California at Los Angeles , [FILTERED] , and Michigan . (Filtered Words: 1)
A dark bathroom can be pretty scary , and he'd creep back to bed , proud of himself , thinking : Tomorrow , for sure , I'll go down to the rock and keep my promise to Dad . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
His interpretation of the beginning on the basis of the end prompts him to draw these parallels between [FILTERED] and the Virgin Mary . (Filtered Words: 1)
The number of successes on each shot is a value of a random variable that has values 0 or 1 , and there are 5 such random variables here . (Filtered Words: 0)
To be different is to invite shame and doubt ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mickie laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A particularly galling phrase was `` O.K. , Panyotis , we have time at our disposal '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Properties : (Filtered Words: 0)
Austin , Texas (Filtered Words: 0)
While obliged to concede governments in East Europe allied with the Soviet Union instead of opposed to it , we thought we had preserved our social and economic system in East Europe . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is no dextrous-fingered college boy but rather a dedicated , humble , and bashful apostle of this instrument . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without it she would have been drab and limp . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any other point of intersection between C and Af will be called a tangent point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five of the tests were conducted with a polyethylene cover to simulate an ice cover . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked up and down the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hoag turned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Backbends (Filtered Words: 0)
Send your return to the Director of Internal Revenue for the district in which you have your legal residence or principal place of business . (Filtered Words: 0)
this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] exclaimed . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s [FILTERED] association brought him into contact with [FILTERED] , whose `` Snowball '' [FILTERED] relyriced as `` Lazybones '' , in which form it became a hit and marked the real beginning of [FILTERED]'s song-writing career . (Filtered Words: 4)
And with this point about the passions , we encounter [FILTERED]'s dualism . (Filtered Words: 1)
He'll get a fair trial . (Filtered Words: 0)
The effect of radiation is cumulative over the years -- and on to succeeding generations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet long before the scheduled time for return , [FILTERED] would be watching for every speck in the sky . (Filtered Words: 1)
Emerson the previous day . (Filtered Words: 0)
The seventh principle of the plan is self-evident ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
philosophic analysis of the assumptions and presumptions of the social sciences ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Something was needed to revive interest ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Whenever he laughed it was all he was doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Shh '' , Felix implored . (Filtered Words: 0)
Source program format (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Housed in the new McCormick Place theater , this should prove to be an exciting evening '' , adds Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Waddell muttered something about taking a look around and climbed up to the flying bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was plain as the nose on your face that they're laughing about it , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A second explanation is suggested by the material described in Rowlands' paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
But except for a vague adherence to the basic storyline -- i.e. , that [FILTERED] remained with [FILTERED] and finally wound up with Boaz -- the film version has little to do with the Bible . (Filtered Words: 2)
His official term expired last summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
for example , [FILTERED] ( 1948 ) derived a scale of 0.15 g for a Af , zero-magnitude meteorite . (Filtered Words: 1)
That always relaxes me . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was always the same unqualified success now . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few drops of rain just before midnight , when [FILTERED] was in the midst of her first number , scattered the more timid members of the audience briefly , but at this hour and with [FILTERED] on the stand , most of the listeners didn't care whether they got wet . (Filtered Words: 2)
Pets in apartments (Filtered Words: 0)
He trailed Ludie to the baseball game in the lot on Kingston Street near the Dutch Reformed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rector's next stop was at the schoolroom , where [FILTERED] was monitoring a test . (Filtered Words: 1)
The columns of the Parthenon are fluted [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Money-saving tips . (Filtered Words: 0)
Canned cocktail frankfurters (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was at the church with Edythe . (Filtered Words: 1)
Forty-seven states assign or provide vehicles for employees on state business . (Filtered Words: 0)
( E. G. Erdos , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ) biophysical studies on modified fibrous proteins (Filtered Words: 2)
There are the boards over the window , of course , but they're not painted and too rough to take prints . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cases have allowed transfer of claims if beneficial ownership is not changed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then lay a three-inch-wide strip of cloth along the keel line from the transom to the point of the stem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soviets said to fear resurgence of German militarism (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If we left one we'd have to wipe it for fingerprints . (Filtered Words: 0)
Practical management problems and their suggested solutions are dealt with in a series of SBA publications . (Filtered Words: 0)
The proper correlation of the art with the academic can be achieved only if this standard is observed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Steam baths (Filtered Words: 0)
They're glued and screwed to the inner member of the keelson . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not move . (Filtered Words: 0)
His face was flushed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The transom frame is made first with the joints lapped , glued and fastened with one-inch , No. 12 Stronghold nails . (Filtered Words: 0)
I dug around and found a mix , and was able to surprise them with a devil's-food cake with chocolate icing . (Filtered Words: 0)
countered a twenty year old law student , `` you travel around the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- hush . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inmates might even demand the 34-hour week , all holidays off and fringe benefits including state contributions toward lawyers' fees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Being based on so few events , these results are of dubious validity . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the war , [FILTERED] had wanted [FILTERED] at least to visit her home with her . (Filtered Words: 2)
Without warning , without giving her a chance to prepare for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Equal proportions of children in each city were drawn from upper-lower and lower-middle class neighborhoods . (Filtered Words: 0)
He concluded that selective service would not only prevent the disorganization of essential war industries but would avoid the undesirable moral effects of the British reliance on enlistment only -- `` where the feeling of the people was whipped into a frenzy by girls pinning white feathers on reluctant young men , orators preaching hate of the Germans , and newspapers exaggerating enemy outrages to make men enlist out of motives of revenge and retaliation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the pope , head of the universal Church , to the duke of [FILTERED] , taking full advantage of his position on the borders of France and of the Empire , or to Othon , who found it quite natural that he should do homage to [FILTERED] for Tipperary and to the count of Savoy for Grandson , [FILTERED]'s outspoken nationalism was completely incomprehensible . (Filtered Words: 3)
I want you here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't forget , I am an old member of the club , a former delegate . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] scorn for the `` jargon '' of psychical research was altered somewhat when he wondered `` how , or why , had I been shown an unreleased roll of my life film '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
How did it happen , for example , that the state university , that great symbol of American democracy , failed to flourish in New England as it did in other parts of the country ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The ability to think seems to increase consistently with age . (Filtered Words: 0)
Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
They've got no official standing on this side of the Bay . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] are less plush than the Florida type but service is good and Creole cooking better . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I don't know what I'm going to do with you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You probably would not remember , since you never seemed to remember even the same moments as I , much less their intensity , one sunny midday on Fifth Avenue when you had set out with me for some final shopping less than a week before the wedding you staged for me with such reluctance at the Farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cost of a license now is $2 , with an annual renewal fee of $1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In general , however , the timetable of travel lags considerably behind that of the student at Harvard or Smith . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Still , they may not want to rent it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] entered his room , the doctor was already preparing a nest in the straw case , six eggs ready for the hen's attentions . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rather large differences were still found between reaction cells from different manifold fillings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Savory sauerkraut : add several tablespoons of brown sugar to a can of sauerkraut . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's old '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something I had simply never thought of . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were even , Anne and George , probably thinking themselves very considerate in not hinting that she really should cut out `` one or two countries '' and come home in August to get Cousin Emma's house ready before the teachers came to Tuxapoka in September . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't want to touch him and I hoped Ma would do it but she kept looking at the kid's clothes piled on the floor and the pool of water by them and didn't make any move to . (Filtered Words: 0)
it spoke for many in the clergy , I suspect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such was not the case in Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Quotations follow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only an occasional tip turned out to be a phony , and , like the police , [FILTERED] had made a point of running down all such suggestions and he did not hesitate this time . (Filtered Words: 1)
During these years the company's product line followed the basic tenets laid down by Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A state of parasympathetic `` tuning '' of the hypothalamus induced experimentally causes not only an increase in the parsympathetic reactivity of this structure to direct and reflexly induced stimuli , but leads also to an autonomic reversal : a stimulus acting sympathetically under control conditions elicits in this state of tuning a parasympathetic response ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Your personal guard ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Why should I go over at midnight to check on Francie , when her parents didn't care enough to leave a party ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Exterminatin' cow thieves is just a business proposition with me '' , he'd blandly announce . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , when the accelerometer output is zero , the entire system remains stationary , and the platform is , by definition , leveled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , are you going to take me or am I supposed to walk '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
However , in the next visit that the researcher made to the medium , he did not receive a personal reading . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Slice o' mutton , bhoy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As the robbers leave the looted train , the film suddenly cuts back to the station , where the telegrapher's little daughter arrives with her father's dinner pail only to find him bound on the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
She found this immensely comforting , even though [FILTERED] did not make much sense out of it . (Filtered Words: 1)
In some instances , the trade name is shown in parentheses following the chemical name . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can you visualize being stranded with him on a desert island for years and years and still find him fascinating ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the more primitive areas , where the capacity to absorb and utilize external assistance is limited , some activities may be of such obvious priority that we may decide to support them before a well worked out program is available . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was full of heavy family reminiscence . (Filtered Words: 0)
While many companies have done fine work in developing sales personnel , much of it has been product rather than sales training . (Filtered Words: 0)
My [FILTERED] and I were not too close socially because of the difference in our ages . (Filtered Words: 1)
Because of the means of publication -- science-fiction magazines and cheap paperbacks -- and because dystopian science fiction is still appearing in quantity the full range and extent of this phenomenon can hardly be known , though one fact is evident : the science-fiction imagination has been immensely fertile in its extrapolations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Salads are served at least once a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
When alienation is used as an objective and diagnostic category , for example , it becomes clear that Fromm would have to say that awareness of alienation goes far toward conquering it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , pianist , on Feb. 23 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
These sages include poet [FILTERED] , statesman [FILTERED] and sculptor [FILTERED] , in Volume One , and playwright [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , philosopher [FILTERED] and the late [FILTERED] in the second set . (Filtered Words: 7)
He made the mistake of answering in an offhand way , and instantly realized that his skepticism must have showed in his face or voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Meet the Artist '' is the invitation issued by members of the Greater Philadelphia Section of the National Council of Jewish Women as they arrange for an annual exhibit and sale of paintings and sculpture at the Philmont Country Club on April 8 and 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Anniston manager looked at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
We want to study the probability function of this random variable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The First Lady appointed a Fine Arts Advisory Committee for the White House , to locate authentic pieces as well as to arrange ways to acquire them . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the kitchen Mama was wiping the cupboards . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the Rafter Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come on '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
It gave [FILTERED] time to stagger to his feet . (Filtered Words: 1)
This was historic in its way , for it marked the first time an American Presidential aspirant had advertised his own virtues in his own string of newspapers spanning the land . (Filtered Words: 0)
These subjects implied that they too could prevent their arms from rising if they tried . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leaders of industry (Filtered Words: 0)
With Britain looking inward , overseas problems were neglected and the baton was passed on to the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
**yc is defined by the geometry of the knife ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Exchange was also observed in these cells , which had chlorine present at Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The international theme will be continued with the Balkan strings playing for a dinner the [FILTERED] will give in the Racquet club after the tea . (Filtered Words: 1)
In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker's relation to the deceased must be to qualify . (Filtered Words: 0)
Third , the significance of the vocational courses is that those enrolled are keenly interested in the work ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
God allowed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
His tone is the weakest part of his equipment ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , [FILTERED] threw herself backwards and wiggled in a way that was just wonderful . (Filtered Words: 1)
More and more , these days , she'd been driving that pretty little mare that looked like her , over to Tillie's and Nick's -- his own old square frame box on posts , chickens and cats and pups under the house , everybody friendly inside , making a to-do over the babies dressed like dollies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can't hold her little white han' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
These my grandmother left in their places ( they are still there , more persistent and longer-lived than the generations of man ) and planted others like them , that flourished without careful tending . (Filtered Words: 0)
there is none who understands ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She had been snared here by a vile sensuality that writhed around her throat in ever-tightening circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reply : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay '' , I said to the attendant , `` I'll let you know if I close the deal on the office in this building '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This help is offered to applicants who ordinarily would not undertake the exploration under present conditions or circumstances at their sole expense and who are unable to obtain funds from commercial sources on reasonable terms . (Filtered Words: 0)
His stick ceased to be a thing to rest his chin on and became a pointer for emphasizing the finer aspects of his text . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fiat officials say they have had no strikes for more than six years . (Filtered Words: 0)
We would write to one another and make a definite plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mapping of important physical features such as slopes and types of soil and the collection of all available information pertaining to public utility service areas are being conducted as staff projects and , like the other two inventory projects , are scheduled for completion July 1 , 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
certainly the awakened alarm over the comic books and the continuous concern over prurient literature indicate some peripheral aspects of this influence . (Filtered Words: 0)
he had to find some way to close this impossible conversation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Passage of the sales tax measure would also give [FILTERED] the means to effect a transition . (Filtered Words: 1)
Tomorrow [FILTERED] opens officially . (Filtered Words: 1)
How many women had longed for the privilege that was hers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her neighbors in the expensive Houston apartment building told reporters that the ash-blonde beauty had talked at times about her past as `` the Golden Girl of the [FILTERED] trial '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cattle which died from them winter storms were referred to as the `` winter kill '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These striking , modernistic buildings on the East River are open to the public and every weekday guided tours are available . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad announced yesterday it would reduce the total amount of its payroll by 10 per cent through salary cuts and lay-offs effective at 12:01 A.M. next Saturday . (Filtered Words: 0)
' I've found errors and I want you to look them over . (Filtered Words: 0)
We've always been so close '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Captain [FILTERED] of Salem had visited Burma in 1793 his ship , the Astra , had been promptly commandeered and taken by her captors up the Irrawaddy River . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hal waited : Macneff paced some more , frowning . (Filtered Words: 0)
She exclaimed , smiling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Closed molding generally resulted in parts weighing more ( because of higher density ) than parts fabricated from free-blown foams . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) The kinetic effects are negligible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since Parts 1 , and 2 , were prepared independently , the abbreviation schemes and the chemical symbols used differ in the two parts . (Filtered Words: 0)
and about a mile to the west a cluster of at least fifty Militia were making their way in our direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] '' , [FILTERED] replied as he left , `` if you ever get a telegram from me asking you to do anything , you can put the telegram down as a forgery '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
He flounders and lets music sprawl . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no evidence , either of a positive or negative type , of the actions of a Divine Being in this world ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` we've got Father and Mother and each other '' said [FILTERED] on the first page of [FILTERED] Little Women ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Figure the cost of providing water to the use areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a nice place , not filled with smoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
They're buying fun and adventure and family experiences . (Filtered Words: 0)
to encourage the practice of attending the theater ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The task force might make a start in Washington with Republican congressional leaders . (Filtered Words: 0)
She greeted her husband's colleagues with smiling politeness , offering nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Going through a door into another small court , I had the Throne Room directly in front . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' , he explained , `` s'posin' you was a nester swingin' the long rope ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You don't seem to know much about reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , when specifically permitted , the operand of a given line on the Autocoder coding sheet may be continued in the operand of from one to four additional lines which immediately follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Platoons of Hearst agents were traveling from state to state in a surprisingly successful search for delegates at the coming convention , and there were charges that money was doing a large part of the persuading . (Filtered Words: 0)
time required to reach maturity ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One type has a small univalent anion of the thiocyanate-perchlorate-fluoro type . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Thank you '' , I told her . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is sex that obsesses them , sex that is at the basis of their aesthetic creed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The few survivors grudgingly turned away . (Filtered Words: 0)
You had grown up at a time when the most distinguishing mark of a lady was the noli me tangere writ plain across her face . (Filtered Words: 0)
The prediction was correct . (Filtered Words: 0)
This could be told chiefly from a sort of head-tossing and prancing , a horselike balkiness of demeanor . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s latest contribution to the field is the Model 500 ( from $73.50 ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Then he began to have epileptic fits . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elaine nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had had all the patronage he cared for -- he had prospered , but he could not retire from horsedom . (Filtered Words: 1)
That's how it should be . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were a few blades of lint on the shoulder . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a few innings the Anniston team couldn't figure him out . (Filtered Words: 0)
beyond itself , also , it evokes numerous and distant resonances from the entire body of Mann's work . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know how gossip of that sort spreads through an apartment building '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Very well '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are [FILTERED] of Queens and [FILTERED] of Massachusetts . (Filtered Words: 2)
The president of the firm , calculating expenses alone , felt his costs had dropped one-half while success in selection had improved over one hundred per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He is wrong to inject [FILTERED] into this campaign '' , he said , `` because the primary is being waged on state issues and I will not be forced into re-arguing an old national campaign '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then [FILTERED] was simply grand as [FILTERED] , the distraught Republican Party district chieftain . (Filtered Words: 2)
On other matters , the jury recommended that : ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Along this avenue which saw marching soldiers from the War Between the States returning in 1865 is the National Archives building where hundreds of thousands of this country's most valuable records are kept . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wemmick reveals his self-satisfaction by regularly rubbing his hands together . (Filtered Words: 0)
My hair is what he's nuts about . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I ain't going back there on account of one lousy kid '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , the SBA uses such criteria as number of employees and dollar volume of the business . (Filtered Words: 0)
Britain announced that it is asking the Soviet Union to agree tomorrow to an immediate cease-fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
What happened with you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But if any realism and feeling for truth remain in the General Assembly , it is time for men of courage to measure the magnitude of the failure and urge some new approach . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes I guessed it was because the rain squall had changed direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both of these systems are essential for the production , development , and use of the National Forests . (Filtered Words: 0)
The baby can have an early nap . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first trial an inert substance was disseminated from a boat travelling some ten miles off shore under appropriately selected meteorological conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Styka nodded and sniffed and blew his nose vociferously . (Filtered Words: 0)
By leaving me everything he wouldn't be doing me a favor , my father told him , and he didn't want to see his daughter involved in a lawsuit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , [FILTERED]'s pursuit of Compeyson , his archenemy and betrayer , begins by his holding him in a vicelike grip on the river flats to frustrate his escape and culminates in his `` laying his hand on his cloak to identify him '' , thus precipitating the death-locked struggle in the water during which Compeyson drowns . (Filtered Words: 1)
I just wish to congratulate Inspector [FILTERED] and his efficient police troops in cleaning the city of those horrible automobiles . (Filtered Words: 1)
When the sea was visible ahead of them , the relief was as great as if the sun had come out . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw her emerge suddenly , coming in her unhesitant fashion , her back stiff , her head erect , facing with contempt the night and whatever she would encounter , as if in her extreme disdain and indifference she would pass by all the outraged looks of those whom she might approach . (Filtered Words: 0)
One day when he attended a war memorial ceremony in [FILTERED] his view was obstructed by a stout man on his left , his attention turned to the irregular pattern of the rough slab flooring and someone , clasping him by the arm , whispered , `` I want a word with you , please '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
At intervals an alumni directory is issued . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked a red-haired girl named Ceecee Witter . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Thank you '' , the German had said courteously . (Filtered Words: 0)
The career of [FILTERED] , is obviously very similar to that of Napoleon . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the student drops out of high school , the break with the school is even more complete . (Filtered Words: 0)
My instructions were that Mr. [FILTERED] would meet me at the hotel , but instead he and three others were at the station with a very warm welcome . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I've just been talking to Dr. [FILTERED] '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 1)
the outer life of congregations -- the suitability of the environment to their survival -- will be propitious so long as the people in the area are of the same social and economic level as the membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got a red pill and a beer and then , on impulse , transferred the rest of his salami to her side of the refrigerator and scrawled `` Be my guest '' on the wrapping . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll foil them in droves , along with their pal humidity , by having and using a kitchen range exhaust fan , a bathroom ventilator for when you shower , and an outside vent for the clothes drier . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My name's Gisele '' , the blonde said after she ordered a Scotch . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Anniston catcher did not reply with words . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shrugs met that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Knowing specifically what the many feed additives can do and how and when to feed them can make a highly competitive business more profitable for beef , dairy , and sheep men . (Filtered Words: 0)
Along this avenue which saw marching soldiers from the War Between the States returning in 1865 is the National Archives building where hundreds of thousands of this country's most valuable records are kept . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even now I am appalled at how little anyone knows of what they really are . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shall we therefore oppose the plan ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone else was running . (Filtered Words: 0)
Currently , marina is used to indicate a municipal or commercially operated facility where a pleasure boat may dock and find some or all of the following available : gasoline , fresh water , electricity , telephone service , ice , repair facilities , restaurants , sleeping accommodations , a general store , and a grocery store . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who join the Church need to be instructed in the faith and the meaning of Christian discipleship before they take the sacred vows . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , howsomever , maybe you wouldn't either . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the darkness thinned , and there was light again , and then bright sunlight . (Filtered Words: 0)
The church certainly would not be removed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Golden Calf was dimly lit with shaded neon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he heard it , like a muffled thud , felt a subtle change in air pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , the `` private eye '' can have no more appeal for Patchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clayton freed himself from the embrace and stepped back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , take [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` And don't either of you forget that I'm not any man's property . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when we consider the tenuous hold tradition has on existence , any weakening of that hold constitutes a crisis of existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the time came when I was no longer innocent and therefore no longer helpless . (Filtered Words: 0)
The remainder of the cast fulfilled its assignments no more than satisfactorily just as the old production and limited stage direction proved only serviceable . (Filtered Words: 0)
But not in front of Trig . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sandman said : `` The announcement that Sen. [FILTERED] , has decided to spend all his available time campaigning for Mr. [FILTERED] is a dead giveaway . (Filtered Words: 2)
The Roman Catholic Church , however , sanctions a much more liberal policy on family planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
The poll was taken at the Center's annual builders' intentions conference . (Filtered Words: 0)
After drying the sections under the fan , fixing in acetone , and drying at 37-degrees as in the indirect method , the sections were treated with conjugated Af or Af ( undiluted unless mentioned otherwise ) for 5 - 30 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] writes : `` There is danger in trying to make admission to the Church so easy and painless that people will scarcely know that anything has happened '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The values and talents which made the tile and the dome , the rug , the poem and the miniature , continue in certain social institutions which rise above the ordinary life of this city , as the great buildings rise above blank walls and dirty lanes . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had known him for some years , when I was a delegate and before , and this manner had never been his '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now , see here '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , in deciding on the content and method of his teaching , does he favor a curriculum which will make his students stronger competitors in the race for higher economic status , or does he favor a curriculum which strengthens students in other ways ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He borrows the insights of psychology to improve his impaired vision but cannot bring to his work the distinctive vision that should be a novelist's own . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] [FILTERED] Body comes immediately to mind in this connection , as does [FILTERED] The Grapes Of Wrath and [FILTERED]'s The People , Yes . (Filtered Words: 4)
The discrepancy between what we commonly profess and what we practice or tolerate is great , and it does not escape the notice of others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Refugees poured in , signing the Confession and rules in order to remain , and then disregarding them . (Filtered Words: 0)
( E ) (Filtered Words: 0)
An examination of some forty catalogs of schools offering courses in interior design , for the most part schools accredited by membership in the National Association of Schools of Art , and a further `` on the spot '' inspection of a number of schools , show their courses adhere pretty closely to the recommendations . (Filtered Words: 0)
He then sold her some capsules that he asserted would take care of the tumors and cysts until she could collect the money for buying his machine . (Filtered Words: 0)
The programs do not take sides on the issue itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
) has amounted to about one third of those total revenue requirements which the carload freight business is supposed to be called upon to meet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sheer plumpness , he knew , is not a vital part of the body and has no procreative functions . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's no sense in being reminded of times that were . (Filtered Words: 0)
By virtue of the legal responsibilities of the Department of Employment in the farm placement program , we necessarily found ourselves in the middle between these two forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am very pleased to have the doubt of suspicion removed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five of the tests were conducted with a polyethylene cover to simulate an ice cover . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only within the framework of a mature relationship characterized by honest appraisals of performance can we provide telling assistance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Combine first 9 ingredients in skillet . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the same old routine . (Filtered Words: 0)
The contemporary painter tends to depict not the concrete objects of his experience but their essences as revealed in abstractions of their lines , colors , masses , and energies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Doesn't it you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Other pigments were mostly raw umber , some burnt umber , and a little yellow ochre . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , a [FILTERED] trap version of the Superposed over/under , the Broadway ( from $350 up , depending on grade ) , differs from standard models in that it is equipped with a full beavertail fore end , a cushion recoil pad and a barrel-wide ventilated rib for fast sighting . (Filtered Words: 1)
She opened the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among individual dealers questioned in nearly a score of states , two out of three report their sales since August 1 show sizable gains from a year earlier , with the increases ranging from 5% to 50% . (Filtered Words: 0)
hence , these figures apply immediately above the Earth's atmosphere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor did looking at Anne ease the tension as it usually did . (Filtered Words: 0)
People come to me with confidence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Union policies and collective bargaining issues (Filtered Words: 0)
Ontario's foliage is most vivid from about Sept. 23 to Oct. 10 , with both [FILTERED] ( 100 miles north of Toronto ) and [FILTERED] ( 125 miles northwest of Toronto ) holding color cavalcades starting Sept. 23 . (Filtered Words: 2)
Adverbial second complements , however , are likely not to have dominant stress when they terminate sentences . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't fail to shorten cooking time by the use of aluminum foil cut slightly larger than the surface of steaks and chops . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new mate was [FILTERED] , talented but inexperienced . (Filtered Words: 1)
To see this vision in perspective , we need first of all a clear idea of the magnitude of this new power from the atom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Believe me ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It could have been [FILTERED] or [FILTERED] for the way it smelled . (Filtered Words: 2)
Rev's face was suddenly a little fixed and questioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
You just haven't got the heart for pro-ball , and that's it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Axioms required to make the theoretical machinery operate are set out tersely and powerfully , so that all permissible operations within the theory can be traced rigorously back to these axioms , rules , and primitive notions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now and again he murmured something that ended in a giggle . (Filtered Words: 0)
That helped a lot . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , locking the room or stateroom door gives privacy of location , but it is equally important to be sure there is time enough for an utterly unhurried fulfillment . (Filtered Words: 0)
That helped a lot . (Filtered Words: 0)
He peered closely at Hoag in the gathering darkness . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gave him an affectionate smile . (Filtered Words: 1)
I take the central meaning here to be the contrast between the drab empty quality of life without literature and a life enriched by it . (Filtered Words: 0)
She understood completely . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
In talks with Mr. [FILTERED] last week in Washington , the Mayor apparently received the Bronx leader's assent to dropping Controller [FILTERED] , who lives in the Bronx , from this year's ticket . (Filtered Words: 2)
Proceeding from [FILTERED]'s conclusions and adopting one of his schemata , [FILTERED] , Jr. , argues that Beowulf likewise was created from a legacy of oral formulas inherited and extended by bards of successive generations , and the thesis is striking and compelling . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` What's this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
-- and you fall for a pass by his own nephew ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I cannot imagine a single scene that isn't done in a far naughtier manner on TV every week . (Filtered Words: 0)
She told herself rebelliously , and with pride , I am an American ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' , I replied , `` some of my colleagues on the paper regard me as a rank reactionary '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Richardson glanced to sea and started slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Curt followed , reaching behind him to shut the door and hook it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I never saw men '' , [FILTERED] declared in regard to the riflemen , `` so merry , so spirited , and so desirous to go on to the enemy , whatever force they might have , as that small party in this fight '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He burst from the hot confinement of the room into the cold night air . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were tracks of cattle all over his six hundred and forty acres . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such sections showed bright yellow-green specific fluorescence in the cells of the pseudophloem tissue ( Lee and Black , 1955 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
What remained lacked the original verve but it was at least dignified , as befitting the tragic circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] thought . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the dignity , the influence , and the power of the legislative branch of our Government -- it is a privilege for us to do honor to this great man who represents not alone his own district but all the people of our country . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have good times '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
About 45 percent of the loss in growth was attributable to disease , 20 percent to insects , 17 percent to fire , and 18 percent to weather , animals , and various other causes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Materials for this shelter would cost about $700 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Center-punch and drill the No. 31 hole 7/16'' '' from one end of the bar . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no necessity , I suppose , to assert that Mr. [FILTERED] is Southern . (Filtered Words: 1)
apparently it is not . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not a question of truth or falsity ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Observations have also been made at 1.5 mm using optical techniques ( Sinton , 1955 , 1956 , ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Uh huh . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sam , no one around here wears such heavy soles . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eating while angry had given her a slight indigestion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The problem grows in intensity each year as man's knowledge , and his capacity to translate such knowledge to the written word , continue to expand . (Filtered Words: 0)
The shutter consists of two parts : a fast-opening part and a fast-closing part . (Filtered Words: 0)
When changing from one color to another , whether working on right or wrong side , pick up the new strand from underneath dropped strand . (Filtered Words: 0)
A part-time farmer and his family can use their spare time profitably . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Blanche had been honest , she would have yelled , slammed at least a couple of doors , and thrown a few little , valueless things . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instinctively he exhaled through his nose then sucked in the air from the hose . (Filtered Words: 0)
The King should expect no profit , and an advance of only 20 per cent above the cost in France , which would cover the expense of transportation and handling , was all he charged the traders . (Filtered Words: 0)
these figures constitute the best estimate for the flux in interplanetary space near the Earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted to take the mother to headquarters at once and start her on the mug file . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only day they `` have a chance to compete with large supermarkets is on Sunday '' , the council's resolution said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was ugly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , you no doubt regard the preceding as pap ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , the automobile and its friend the truck have cost the central city some of its industrial dominance . (Filtered Words: 0)
A smile pulled at the lower strip of adhesive tape . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Kremlin's goal is the isolation and capture , not of Ghana , but of the United States -- and this purpose may be served very well by countries that masquerade under a `` neutralist '' mask , yet in fact are dependable auxiliaries of the Soviet Foreign Office . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drove in low gear to the fork in the road and swung as close as possible to the entrance to the abandoned mine . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the contrary , through the past six weeks violence has been piled upon violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Intercede for our separated brethren , that with us in the one true fold they may be united to the chief [FILTERED] , the vicar of thy Son . (Filtered Words: 1)
Once many significant phrases are found in theory or in recurrent practice to provide for prosodic necessity , they are not to be defended for their semantic properties in isolated contexts . (Filtered Words: 0)
So is the time of the novel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scenic effects (Filtered Words: 0)
She clearly agreed that this had been the case . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was boosting them up when the policeman came by . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I know we'd be pretty crowded . (Filtered Words: 0)
The audience was fond of [FILTERED] , he was a dear , in or out of character , but he was not particularly funny . (Filtered Words: 1)
You can ignore Him . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is not so well known , however , and what is quite important for understanding the issues of this early quarrel , is the kind of attack on literature that [FILTERED] was answering . (Filtered Words: 1)
Finally , [FILTERED] did manage to follow B'dikkat to the door of the cabin . (Filtered Words: 1)
But companies continued to spring up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our understanding will very probably require both these commentaries . (Filtered Words: 0)
data on the boa constrictor about match this . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are still in wide use today , particularly in semi-rigid formulations , for such applications as cores for sandwich-type structural panels , foamed-in-place insulation , automotive safety padding , arm rests , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reasons for stressing self-help (Filtered Words: 0)
and finally , that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the knowledge that the kingdom comes by obedience to the moral law in our relations with all people , we have a firm intellectual grasp on both the means and the ends of our lives . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think all this could apply to Parker just as well , although , because of the nature of music , it is not demonstrable -- at least not conclusively . (Filtered Words: 0)
The three fats have similar caloric values ( about 265 calories per oz. ) , but each exerts a radically different influence on blood cholesterol . (Filtered Words: 0)
His interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a while we were perhaps less surprised , but still puzzled , when a friendly discussion would suddenly jump the track into the most irrelevant and illogical comparisons . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the public minus the `` public '' leaves the so-called `` sophisticated '' element -- the element on the other end of the `` public's '' transactions . (Filtered Words: 0)
A good feeling prevailed on the SMU coaching staff Monday , but attention quickly turned from Saturday's victory to next week's problem : Rice University . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] went back and reminded the kitchen women of the supper preparations . (Filtered Words: 1)
Richmond , Va. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] case looked to the past , not to the future . (Filtered Words: 1)
That the perfect continuity was composed from the joblot of memory impressions in the professor's brain , or 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the frame are two sets of bars which interact with each other to prevent the operator from making dangerous moves . (Filtered Words: 0)
In to tell him , of course , to is normally unstressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
an explosive laugh which always carried everything before it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Across the way from the apartment building is a ruined house , shot to hell that day in 1849 , and left that way as a memorial . (Filtered Words: 0)
the sky-reaching peaks of the Northwest mountains ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
An agreement allowing convicts to pass on type of locks used on prison doors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meeting in Moscow (Filtered Words: 0)
All checks and money orders should be made payable to Internal Revenue Service . (Filtered Words: 0)
He nodded triumphantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The common codes , for religious action as such and in their ethical aspects for everyday moral behavior , bind the devotees together . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even on the fictional level , however , the contradictions which give rise to the mystery story are not fully resolved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another cure for hydrophobia was to suck the wounds , then cauterize them with a hot knife or poker . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Stay here in the parlor where it's cool '' , she said , trying to be calm . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the child raises his seat into the air , the teacher takes hold under both sides of the pelvis ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Never , he'd once told [FILTERED] , had he encountered any man or situation that called for a gun . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
I would like very much , on behalf of my husband and myself , to send our eternal thanks to all the wonderful people responsible for the Gabrielle Fund . (Filtered Words: 0)
The color and shape of seeds have long made them attractive for ornaments and decorations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twice he left everything to his entourage , and fled to make the Santa Cruz tour under [FILTERED]'s guidance . (Filtered Words: 1)
The minister was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] turned away . (Filtered Words: 1)
Conversely , if he gives a heavy rating to his own reading , and finds more accurate facts in it than in the others , a point is chalked up for the intrinsic , objective meaningfulness of this type of mediumistic material . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said the work President [FILTERED] , advisers , and members of his staff were doing on the address involved composition and wording , rather than last minute decisions on administration plans to meet the latest Berlin crisis precipitated by Russia's demands and proposals for the city . (Filtered Words: 2)
Instinctively aware of the charged atmosphere , Poet raised his head slowly , looking first at Elaine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like Philadelphia's late Dr. [FILTERED] who kept his own great collection closed to the general public ( Time , Jan. 2 ) , [FILTERED] , at 61 , is something of a legend in his own lifetime . (Filtered Words: 2)
Most now admit that [FILTERED] , Gildas , Nennius and The Anglo-Saxon Chronicles cannot be the infallible guides to early English history that Guest , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] thought them to be . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` Excuse me '' , the European said . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had one that increased from 19-1/2 inches to 5 feet 3 inches in five years , and [FILTERED] records a growth of from less than 4 feet to nearly 10 in about six years . (Filtered Words: 2)
The first involves a simple shift of interests in the society . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too often , unless he hails them , they pass him by . (Filtered Words: 0)
Given the conceptual context within which ancient thought thrived , how could anyone have questioned this principle ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But I can't take you to Earth yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside it was already hot at 7:30 A.M. , and it was getting hot in the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over in [FILTERED] the streets had been deep in swirling water , and bridges were crumpled and gone . (Filtered Words: 1)
I said quietly , gaining nerve , ready to ask any question at all , no matter how intimate , ready to be rebuffed , `` Then why did she leave Israel ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As for me , I am holding in reserve two huge puzzles ( I love puzzles ) to put together when time hangs heavy on my hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
and maximum length , with confirmation or amplification of [FILTERED]'s figures . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Industrial Division published , in 1960 , a new , attractive industrial brochure , `` Rhode Island -- Right For Industry '' , and prepared copy for a new edition of the Directory Of Manufacturers ( to be printed shortly ) , and for a new space catalogue . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Committeemen , hold your fire ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is opposed in his re-election bid by [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
[FILTERED] listened . (Filtered Words: 1)
Because he interprets the primitive state of man as one of mere potentiality or capacity and believes that Adam and Eve were created as children , Irenaeus often seems inclined to extenuate their disobedience as being `` due , no doubt , to carelessness , but still wicked '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meager and shabby by-products linger to haunt our memories of a once mighty protagonist ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't done it this time and he would never again hit anyone so hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could conceivably have wished to make sure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh you're joking . (Filtered Words: 0)
In designing his home fallout shelter there is nothing to prevent a man from planning to shelter that home's occupants , `` plus-one '' -- so he will be able to take in a stranger . (Filtered Words: 0)
We talked after I hailed his Jeep marked with the U.N. flag . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sprinkel strongly refuted the current neo-stagnationist thesis that we are facing a future of limited and slow growth , declaring that this pessimism `` is based on very limited and questionable evidence '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To have someday that love returned was what he had lived for . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was a look about her mouth as though she were tasting lemons . (Filtered Words: 0)
Avoid doubling up on the same item . (Filtered Words: 0)
They emerged as interchangeable cogs in a faulty but formidable machine : shaved nearly naked , hair queued , greatcoated , jackbooted , and best of all -- in the opinion of the British professional , Major [FILTERED] -- `` their minds are not estranged from the paths of obedience by those smatterings of knowledge which only serve to lead to insubordination and mutiny '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Standard years -- eighty-four years , seven months , three days , two hours , eleven and one half minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
the hostess in her took over . (Filtered Words: 0)
The commission , meeting for the first time with both of its newly-appointed commissioners , [FILTERED] , of Hood River , and Dr. [FILTERED] , of North Bend , approved a year's contract for a consultant in the data processing department who has been the center of considerable controversy in the past . (Filtered Words: 2)
She wouldn't have , even if he'd asked her . (Filtered Words: 0)
With our company of soldiers , we made one long column of reddish dust . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't forget to buy a plastic pastry brush for basting with sauces . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President of the United States proclaimed the first Sunday in November as `` National Grandmothers' Day '' and urged America to say it with flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
School principals and guidance workers made ratings of the various neighborhoods and the research team made independent observations of houses and dwelling areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Primary feelings of the world come neither as a collection of clearly known objects ( houses , trees , implements , etc. ) nor a collection of isolated and neutral sensory qualities . (Filtered Words: 0)
The night was cold but the crowd kept one warm . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wouldn't want to ask for a postponement -- it's really just a routine thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a lordly and generous gesture , the discoverer stood up and beckoned to the closest of his fellows . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the academic world there is seldom anything so dramatic as a strike or a boycott : all that happens is that the better qualified teacher declines to gamble two or three years of his life on the chance that conditions at the Catholic institution will be as good as those elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ice baths , electric shocks , lashings , wild dogs , testicle crushers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can he be trusted '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Insurance (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You share a refrigerator '' , Mrs. [FILTERED] had said , and somehow , at midnight , after the long drive from New York in pelting rain , that had sounded reasonable . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' For the last half hour [FILTERED] had criss-crossed half the length of the Gardens and , at last , come upon her knight . (Filtered Words: 1)
TSEM tubes have been constructed showing high gain and resolution . (Filtered Words: 0)
In clothes , [FILTERED] simply did not project . (Filtered Words: 1)
I exclaimed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Chicago And All That Jazz '' may have wound up satisfying neither the confirmed fan nor the inquisitive newcomer . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
He raged . (Filtered Words: 0)
She's a whiz . (Filtered Words: 0)
Disagreement on the amount of productivity increase exacerbates the problem of agreeing how an increase in profit margins related to a productivity increase should be shared . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those little children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan himself had sciatica again . (Filtered Words: 0)
The aborigine is not deceived ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He took the stack of mail and tossed it into the waste basket . (Filtered Words: 0)
You certainly can't expect the infield to do any better than it did last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
The children can do chores adapted to their age and ability . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since 1949 , the St. Louis club has been below on May 1 just four times . (Filtered Words: 0)
He and [FILTERED] watched it carefully . (Filtered Words: 1)
I didn't like it one bit . (Filtered Words: 0)
In I know one thing dominant stress will usually be on the complement one thing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He never smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a natural outgrowth of this approach it was often suggested that the doctor should complete the preparation for painless intercourse by dilating the vagina . (Filtered Words: 0)
In assessing the outlook for interest rates in 1961 , the question , as always , is the prospect for general business activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Left in their previous atom-like smallness , they would have cut away too abruptly into depth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Poems Of The Past And The Present and Time's Laughing Stocks , both published while Hardy was at work on The Dynasts , draw heavily on poems written before 1900 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of course '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I realize , in taking this stand , just what it means to me and mine '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miraculously , the bottle was still in my hand , foam still geysering over my ( luckily ) waterproof watch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their amplitude sometimes is as little as two feet from trough to crest . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it was fun those first days , kidding about the trail of garments he left littered across the rug . (Filtered Words: 0)
The virus antigen was concentrated in the pseudophloem tissue . (Filtered Words: 0)
his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wrote : (Filtered Words: 0)
While I worked , Nadine sat and cried . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Skeletal Age curve in the lower portion of Figure 2 shows that slowing may have occurred for her during the prepubescent period . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was more a matter of tact , and also it was none of [FILTERED]'s goddam business . (Filtered Words: 1)
These frescos have had no care for eighty years . (Filtered Words: 0)
The United States must plan to absorb the exported goods of the country , at what he termed a `` social cost '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The name thyroid-stimulating hormone ( TSH ) has been given to a substance found in the anterior pituitary gland of all species of animal so tested for its presence . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is particularly the artist ( [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , Leverkuhn ) who suffers from it . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] from the deep South who were plagued with diarrhoea after transfer to the Virginia front often informed their families that they were suffering from the `` the Virginia quickstep '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was not within the jurisdiction of anybody or anything , including Providence and Massachusetts . (Filtered Words: 0)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
To assemble : (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , if it is not repealed by the Congress at its present session , I shall have no alternative thereafter but to direct the Secretary of Defense to disregard the section unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a matter of months the War Department built thirty-two camps , each one accommodating fifty thousand men -- sixteen were under canvas in the South and sixteen with frame structures in the North . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then you can do the finishing touches at your leisure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The school has not used cold prepared cereals for years , though at one time that was all they ever served . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] practically grew up with the sound of jazz and the blues in his ears . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fran flaunted her independence by rebelling against the Catatonia uniform of [FILTERED] shorts and knee-length socks by wearing [FILTERED] shorts and knee-length socks in colors ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Occasionally if I pushed him too far he'd give me a look out of narrowed eyes and the hard cruel bony skull would show through that smooth face of his . (Filtered Words: 0)
They actually bristled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The truth is that any revival of traditional and indigenous religion will serve to promote that sense of identity and Volksgeist which these young nations very much need . (Filtered Words: 0)
The approval did not arise from an expectation of far-reaching agreements at Vienna . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man leaned against a tree and wiped a sleeve across his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I bought my first dress from him when I was still a struggling young actress '' , she reminisces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its climactic role was to pursue and demoralize a defeated enemy but this chance never came in the Atlanta campaign . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whereas a high percentage of the regular students can be expected to read other texts which more or less plow the same ground in a little different direction , the married students chose whole books on specific areas and went into much greater detail in their areas of interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` U.S. pressure on Britain to foster war hysteria over the status of West Berlin has reached its apogee . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not speak . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its enforcement was enjoined by a federal trial court . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ludie inquired every evening , pretending that he did not care . (Filtered Words: 0)
Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department of Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will , to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements , be available to advance the purposes of this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where in Europe was he going now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
-- An extensive series of measurements was made on a high-density polyethylene in a torsion pendulum instrument using forced sinusoidal oscillation , free vibration , and creep measurements over the temperature range of Af to 80-degrees-C . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dentist last night , for instance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet whistled softly as he looked at the gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place pattern inside holder ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Look at those bastards '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
As the messages from Himmler , Heydrich , and [FILTERED] came in through [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]'s fountainhead spouted . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` I reached into that funny little pocket that is high up on my dress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where were they now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Vagabonds are `` on the road '' again . (Filtered Words: 0)
If your child works for you , you may deduct reasonable wages you paid to him for services he rendered in your business . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although much of the Industrial Division's promotional effort is devoted to securing new locations and expansions by major industries , small business is also afforded considerable attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
His investigations made him the Paul Revere of accidental war , and safety procedures were enormously increased . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just then [FILTERED] yelled , `` Hey , [FILTERED] '' , from the quarry road which ran behind the [FILTERED] house , and [FILTERED] grabbed the lunch from the table and darted out the kitchen door , yelling `` Good-bye , Mom '' over his shoulder . (Filtered Words: 4)
It was an answer that Styka understood . (Filtered Words: 0)
View takes in five counties , two bedrooms '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gavin paused wearily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Please ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
To Tilghman the incident was just one of a long list of hair-raising , smash-'em-down adventures on the side of the law which started in 1872 when he was only eighteen years old , and did not end till fifty years later when he was shot dead after warning a drunk to be quiet . (Filtered Words: 0)
O'Banion's reaction was : `` Three hundred dollars ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's a long time , waiting '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
All panel board comes in standard Af foot size . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although Pearson disbelieved almost everything [FILTERED] said , and read a sinister purpose into almost everything she did , he happily accepted her statement about [FILTERED] as the whole truth . (Filtered Words: 2)
If you're lyin' out in the hammock at night , and it gets kinda cool -- you know -- you just take these sides with the fringe on -- see -- and wrap 'em right over you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some plants go overboard on one type of fringe -- say a liberal retirement plan -- and find themselves vulnerable elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't be smart . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rescue squad is to be praised immensely for the fine work they do in all kinds of weather . (Filtered Words: 0)
As their interpreter and guide , he had broken with Tuskegee and become a spokesman of the coloured people of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
He prefers to have his soloist performing and thus we get only brief glimpses of what his ensemble work is like . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without careful qualification this can be misleading . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most Juniors who were entered in the Finals are seasoned campaigners and not only show and win in Junior Classes but score in the Breed Classes as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
I nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
A white wine , already at cool cellar temperature , may be adequately chilled in a bucket of ice and water or the freezing compartment of a refrigerator ( the former is far preferable ) in about fifteen minutes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Congolese were clamoring for their independence , even though most were unsure what it meant ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Dimensions in inches , and fractions of inches will give the displacement in cubic inches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Considering the governor's act a personal rebuff , he aired his feelings in The [FILTERED] on August 26 , 1834 : : (Filtered Words: 1)
True terminal bronchioles comprise the most frequent form taken by the distal airways in types 1 and 3 , although small numbers of poorly developed respiratory bronchioles are present . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bulk of the press corps was covering Rheinholdt's conference . (Filtered Words: 0)
or the Love For Three Oranges ( gay as it is ) with the wonderful , imaginative , colorful , and subtle tenderness of the magnificent ballet , The Stone Flower . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once [FILTERED] went along . (Filtered Words: 1)
He concluded that in the southern species , which are rapidly growing types , females mate at the age of two and a half and bear the first young when they are three . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was a juicy one . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was indeed a near thing , but somehow the inherent decency of New England ( which we inherit ) did triumph . (Filtered Words: 0)
We divided the country into five regions plus Hawaii and Alaska and in each is included a general description of the area plus specific recommendations of places and events to cover . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had plunged into the dark woods beyond . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Those are the things I can do , now that I'm set up '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Funds may be readily donated for some purposes but not others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Millie would have to understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the coming fiscal year additional quantities of Atlas , Titan , and Polaris missiles also will be procured . (Filtered Words: 0)
The body was that of a well-developed , somewhat debilitated white man weighing 108 lb. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's wrong '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I resented them . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is only one escape left , a tragic one , and too many people are taking it : suicide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feeds and speeds (Filtered Words: 0)
It is no common thing for a listener ( critical or otherwise ) to hear a singer `` live '' for the first time only after he has died . (Filtered Words: 0)
He held the knife aloft an instant -- an instant enough to press the stud . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 1961 feed grain program , which the secretary sponsored , has been declared a billion dollar fiasco . (Filtered Words: 0)
of whom shall I be afraid '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I was thinking of the heat and of water that morning when I was plowing the stubble field far across the hill from the farm buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 17th day of May , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rest of the crew offsaddled their mounts and turned them into the remuda . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abruptly he reached into his pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seven battle flags and fourteen officers' swords were sent to [FILTERED]' headquarters . (Filtered Words: 1)
The importance of this 5 can largely be explained by the natural mathematical properties of the middle number and its special relationship to all the rest of the numbers -- quite apart from any numerological considerations , which is to say , any symbolic meaning arbitrarily assigned to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
For many reasons , the demand to buy shares in the Dallas-headquartered company was tremendous . (Filtered Words: 0)
She cackled with mirth , showing the stumps of betel-stained teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Madden settled back to read the will . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor do I think that alienation is nothing more than a projection of the malaise of the intellectual . (Filtered Words: 0)
Double threat : (Filtered Words: 0)
2 tablespoons dry mustard Water 1/2 cup heavy cream , whipped [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
The sampling program was instituted before the principles of probability sampling were widely recognized in population studies . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the return of our soldiers , it soon became apparent that the belief was not shared by the great majority of citizens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Information beyond nearest neighbor is carried second- , third- , and fourth-hand as a distortable rumor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Welch wanted to know why . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Oslo , the ministers have met in a climate of candor , and made a genuine attempt to get information and understanding one another's problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyone for musical Ping-pong ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sure '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were two rubbing sticks for making fire , two stones shaped roughly like knives , a woven-root container which held a few pounds of dried worms and the dead body of some rodent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our take-up machines and our twister-coners are undergoing important pilot plant testing for application with new high polymer yarns , in several fiber producing plants . (Filtered Words: 0)
almost everyone , on first hearing one of his own sessions on tape , expressed some desire to take the whole thing over again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't worry too much about rocky or sloping terrain ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If one wishes to discuss a literary figure who uses folklore in his work , the first thing he must realize is that the literary figure is probably part of this ignorant American public . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even as he became widely known as a professional killer , nearly every cowboy and rancher in Wyoming seemed proud to call him a friend . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our man stopped dead and glowered at Felix . (Filtered Words: 0)
his eyes were black and deep-set , and expressionless . (Filtered Words: 0)
You look like a tweedy Englishman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Erected on the site of pagan temples and three previous St. Sophias , the first of which was begun by [FILTERED] , this fourth church was started by Justinian in 532 and completed twenty years later . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Chicago Press club will fete [FILTERED] , president of the United States Lawn Tennis association , at a cocktail party and buffet supper beginning at 5:30 p.m. tomorrow . (Filtered Words: 1)
Prestige is a measure of how other people think of you , well or ill . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Kruger's men keep them off balance , and they don't trust me . (Filtered Words: 0)
For lawyers , reflecting perhaps their parochial preferences , there has been a special fascination since then in the role played by the Supreme Court in that transformation -- the manner in which its decisions altered in `` the switch in time that saved nine '' , President [FILTERED]'s ill-starred but in effect victorious `` Court-packing plan '' , the imprimatur of judicial approval that was finally placed upon social legislation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Apart from the aged care plan the President's most ambitious and costly proposals were for federal scholarships , and grants to build or enlarge medical and dental schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
I decided I hated the Pedersen kid too , dying in our kitchen while I was away where I couldn't watch , dying just to entertain [FILTERED] and making me go up snapping steps and down a drafty hall , Pa lumped under the covers at the end like dung covered with snow , snoring and whistling . (Filtered Words: 1)
Conceding that several cities to the north were in worse shape than Baltimore after the last storm , Mr. [FILTERED] listed several improvements he said should be made in the snow plan here . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] nodded . (Filtered Words: 1)
A spectator picked up the ball and handed it to a small boy , who dropped this suddenly hot potato in a very playable lie . (Filtered Words: 0)
The child is kept on call , and the orthodontist watches the growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was cold all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Get Happy , junior '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In other areas , Congressional action last week included : (Filtered Words: 0)
The article proceeded to give an inaccurate account of a Catholic plot to kill King James 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He set out on his 700-mile return journey with five families of discontented and disappointed Swiss who turned their eyes toward the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I won't do it '' , I said flatly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Few of the native Jews who had lived in Lublin were still in the ghetto . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Said she had a breaking-out on her face -- some sort of allergy -- and none of her old pictures was good enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elena , you'll get mud all over your dress '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Are you my partner '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Strange '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
It should be admitted , too , that there is a good percentage of lapsed or nonchurchgoing Catholics ( one paper writes 50 per cent ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one saw Stacy leave . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Moore and Longfellow didn't have the fate that faces us '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
They looked at the ruins of the old Roman wall on the lower [FILTERED] , then they went to the Farnese Gardens . (Filtered Words: 1)
In their first two years in high school , Jewish boys in this town make strenuous exertions to win positions on the school teams . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we can't raise the capital , we're through . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another spot with an image-provoking name is the Black Hills where you can visit the old frontier mining town of Deadwood . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] prisoner strike was motivated by a reasonable purpose , a fair break from parole boards . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s hands throughout the novel serve to travesty greed and hypocritical self-aggrandizement . (Filtered Words: 1)
( C ) Decisions of a general kind are made by the central command . (Filtered Words: 0)
They played crack the whip a few minutes without mishap . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the end , I did the same old picture , the naked girl and the guy in the doorway , only I put a Lord Byron shirt on the guy , gave him a sword instead of a pistol , and painted in furniture from the stills of a costume movie . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was foolish of him to keep them , whatever they were . (Filtered Words: 0)
We know that the Saxon Shore was a phenonenon of late Roman defensive policy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bonaventure was quivering and lurching like an old spavined mare . (Filtered Words: 0)
View takes in five counties , two bedrooms '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is a spectacle absolutely painful , an epiphany of the suffering flesh unredeemed by spirit , untouched by any spirit other than abasement and humiliation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thank you , Quint '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was laid out in 196 for chariot races and other public games . (Filtered Words: 0)
After their supper , the evening turned into a regular `` Hoe-Down '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President noted that Congress last year passed a law providing grants to states to help pay medical bills of the needy aged . (Filtered Words: 0)
The figures range as high as 15 million families . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] counted 1804 different lines repeated exactly in the two Homeric poems , and by increasing this figure so as to include lines repeated with very slight modifications he counted 2118 different lines used a total of 5612 times . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her glance swung past the trailer where the two drivers were standing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Unfortunately , there is still little demand for broccoli and cauliflower '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
the three-front war (Filtered Words: 0)
if he missed it , never again . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was silent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fat showed in loose rolls beneath the shirt . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had come prepared to worship at the feet of this classic , and he turned out to be a rather bitter old man who smelled of dead cigars . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rate a week ago was 2.295% . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the polarity is correct , the platform will turn until the heading error angle is zero . (Filtered Words: 0)
Byrnes says that invariably thereafter the Soviets used the same security argument to justify their course in Poland . (Filtered Words: 0)
To settle this slight , O'Banion went down to the La Salle Theatre in the Loop , where , he had learned , [FILTERED] was attending the opening of a musical comedy . (Filtered Words: 1)
I have done all this for the freedom of the individuals concerned and also for the states which have been threatened by Communist domination . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They were wearing nothing but their scratches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Use of nomenclature , symbols , units , physical constants : (Filtered Words: 0)
By studying the track-signal diagrams you'll note several other details . (Filtered Words: 0)
8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He narrowed the shape down to two : either a Zero or a U. S. Navy type aircraft . (Filtered Words: 0)
She collapsed against me , as if everything inside her snapped . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even in these cases we should promote self-help by making it clear that our supporting assistance is subject to reduction and ultimately to termination . (Filtered Words: 0)
The source is known so there is no necessity to remove insecticide residues . (Filtered Words: 0)
Up until that time it had been possible to make cutters for making gear teeth , but they were good for only one sharpening . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] challenged him to name one and he was silent . (Filtered Words: 1)
The slave is owner , And ever was . (Filtered Words: 0)
That after all his years of effort to become a composer , he should now , now when he was still stoutly replying to the critics of his Discourse on the Arts and Sciences , be so close to a success in music and have to reject it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like [FILTERED] , he can distinguish an attitude toward a Russian leader he may share with a host of Americans from the responsibilities diplomatic convention may impose upon him . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was so hungry my stomach felt all lines of communication had been severed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Narrative time and film time (Filtered Words: 0)
Ierulli , 29 , has been practicing in Portland since November , 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most beautiful buildings in Istanbul , it was constructed in the early years of the Seventeenth Century , with a huge central dome , two half domes that seem to cascade down from it , and smaller full domes around the gallery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fragment A has been obtained in crystalline form as a dioxalate salt and free base . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is chairman of publicity for the country fair and Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] , of posters . (Filtered Words: 3)
[FILTERED] , singing with comically plaintive earnestness , carries most of the burden and is responsible for the high spots in [FILTERED] score . (Filtered Words: 2)
A Bay State supporter said , `` Mr. [FILTERED]'s fight has been helped along greatly by the starting of his paper in Boston '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
This explanation of tone difficulties , however , does not apply in all languages . (Filtered Words: 0)
I pointed to the splintered , upright stake . (Filtered Words: 0)
As autumn starts its annual sweep , few Americans and Canadians realize how fortunate they are in having the world's finest fall coloring . (Filtered Words: 0)
He supported his mother and his brother , who afterwards committed suicide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then in 2 we show that any line involution with the properties that ( A ) It has no complex of invariant lines , and ( B ) Its singular lines form a complex consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve , is necessarily of the type discussed in 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sprinkel told conferees that the recent improvement in economic activity was not a `` temporary flash in the pan '' but the beginning of a substantial cyclical expansion that will carry the economy back to full employment levels and witness a renewal of our traditional growth pattern . (Filtered Words: 0)
, (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Macklin balked again , not wanting to unlock and open the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
The shadow vanished . (Filtered Words: 0)
The blade came out with a snick ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She was moving through a screen of hemlocks , in among the white birch and maples . (Filtered Words: 0)
This would show that somebody , even a foreigner living in Rome , cared . (Filtered Words: 0)
but they obviously mean by this , not a Negro personality , but a Negro type . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , I went to the city , And there I did bitterly cry , Men out of touch with the earth , And with never a glance at the sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said he almost burst into tears , he was so disappointed and put out . (Filtered Words: 1)
It's an eighteenth-century negative , man ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought : Where the hell could he have gone ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
At Sturbridge Village , Massachusetts , you'll find a completely-restored New England town . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But what is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He doesn't want her to look frowningly at him , or speak to him angrily . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay . (Filtered Words: 0)
the rough surface of the earth itself seemed to resist every attempt on his part to relax . (Filtered Words: 0)
To be eligible to borrow from a Bank for Cooperatives , a cooperative must be an association in which farmers act together in processing and marketing farm products , purchasing farm supplies , or furnishing farm business services , and must meet the requirements set forth in the Farm Credit Act of 1933 , as amended . (Filtered Words: 0)
They , and the two large fans which I could dimly see as daylight filtered through their vents , down at the far end of the hall , could be turned on by a master switch situated inside the office . (Filtered Words: 0)
they were steepest on the shores facing the direction of the seaquake from which the waves had come . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was occupying herself in an attempt to write an article about the variety of houses that they had rented abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
As faulty as has been our leadership clearly the United States must be relied upon to lead . (Filtered Words: 0)
California Democrats this weekend will take the wraps off a 1962 model statewide campaign vehicle which they have been quietly assembling in a thousand district headquarters , party clubrooms and workers' backyards . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] heard again ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Layout and equipment were modernized and improved to obtain increased production on an efficient basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a rule , part-time farmers hire little help . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though [FILTERED] was vexed at the number of French officers streaming to the Turkish standard , there were several under her own , such as the Prince De Nassau ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Go out of the furrow , snake , I said , but it did not move at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is here that the local and ecumenical must meet . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he collapsed and died instantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Very well '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This item may be a symbolic name or an actual one-digit or two-digit index word address in the range 3 - 94 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had Vermouth , sitting in front of a cafe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scores of [FILTERED] children will be remembered . (Filtered Words: 1)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
He had not felt that during the afternoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Initial claims for jobless benefits were said to have dropped by 8,100 in the week ending March 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] deposed Juet and cut his pay . (Filtered Words: 1)
The judgment must therefore be reversed and the cause remanded to the District Court for a determination , after further hearing , of the equitable relief necessary and appropriate in the public interest to eliminate the effects of the acquisition offensive to the statute . (Filtered Words: 0)
He , and Mrs. [FILTERED] , too , had never permitted themselves the luxury of joys that dug into the bone marrow of the spirit . (Filtered Words: 1)
I remember him pointing out of the window and saying that he wished he could live to see another spring but that he wouldn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither was seated on the jury . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wine : `` Then you were typing poems this afternoon '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The greater the depth of the water , the greater is the speed of the wave ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Three Union guards appeared , carrying their rifles at ready . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have plenty of odd moments when I could be doing something '' , Maggie said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adams firmly contended that the historian must never underrate the impact of the geographical environment on history . (Filtered Words: 0)
What '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever the reasons , not in 30 years has a single season produced such thunderous assaults upon the bureau of baseball records , home-run division . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s life was an open book , so to speak , from his birth in Jackson , Mississippi , through his basketball-playing days at L.S.U. and his attainment of a B.A. degree , which had presumably prepared him for his career as district sales manager for Peerless Business Machines . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` How can a man with any degree of common decency charge this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl nodded understandingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indicating the way in which he has turned his back on his 1910 philosophy , Mr. [FILTERED] said : `` A Socialist is a person who believes in dividing everything he does not own '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each failed catastrophically in an invasion of Russia and each brought ruin on the country that worshipped him . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are a number of ways this could happen , the churchmen pointed out , and here is an example : (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the highest-paid workers in the world are U.S. coal miners . (Filtered Words: 0)
only a fool would think otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Physical chemistry of washing (Filtered Words: 0)
And when the singing began , it was the Gouldings who sang the old Irish songs the best . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the rest of the summer my scholarly mania for making plaster casts and spatter prints of Catskill flowers and leaves was all but surpassed by the constantly renewed impressions of Jessica that my mind served up to me for contemplation and delight . (Filtered Words: 0)
A faint crease appeared between the man's eyebrows . (Filtered Words: 0)
The positive Kohnstamm reactivity in Condition 1 ( ( the naive state ) is not adequately explained by such a concept as suggestibility ( if suggestibility is defined as the influence on behavior by verbal cues ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude went on . (Filtered Words: 0)
By now she was sure she was going to have a baby , deciding it would be born in India or Burma that November . (Filtered Words: 0)
Membership in the echelons fluctuates too . (Filtered Words: 0)
The north-bound entrance to the Expressway at 14th Street will be closed during the afternoon rush traffic hours this week . (Filtered Words: 0)
trace elements in tektites , meteorites , and related materials (Filtered Words: 0)
With [FILTERED]'s Vineyard on one side and the open sea on the other , it makes an excellent trip of about three hours . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was Papa's chosen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On ships at sea , on railroad trains , in summer hotels with mountain views , they always said , `` I've never done this before '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You mustn't take a fall , or publicly back away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then in 2 we show that any line involution with the properties that ( A ) It has no complex of invariant lines , and ( B ) Its singular lines form a complex consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve , is necessarily of the type discussed in 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
When she said that she didn't have the money , he said that she could come in for treatment with his office model until she was ready to buy one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wait and see , Dad '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am a carpet salesman . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we would like your permission to do -- that is , to go further if it proves necessary '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
however , for slow learners and prospective dropouts these courses ought to begin earlier . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's [FILTERED] who is our newest Mr. [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
So escalation proceeds , ad infinitum or , more accurately , until the contestants begin dropping them on each other instead of on their respective proving grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was giving the parked cars the once-over . (Filtered Words: 0)
I will make him distributor for all of Florida -- a big market . (Filtered Words: 0)
You drive on and circle back and pull up beside them parked there . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked , striving to appear unimpressed . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You're leading Dad down the garden path '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was doing thirty years , and the Navy would take care of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Viola had been urged to attend , by telephone , and not knowing the host or the character of the party , she had gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The shades tend to be a little softer in the forests that blanket so much of Maine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately both the Republicans and America's chief Western allies now are joined behind the neutral Laos aim of the President . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] couldn't help but be touched . (Filtered Words: 1)
What he means when he saith , wee worship the starre of our God Remphan , Chion , Moloch '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he noticed the clouds racing upon them -- heavy , ominous , leaden clouds that formed even as they sliced over the crests of the surrounding hills . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately , few of the artists ( writers , movie producers , dramatists and musicians ) who have used American folklore since 1900 have known enough to distinguish between the two streams even in the most general of ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
Keeping conditioners quiet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Word of his arrival spread through the crowd like a brushfire . (Filtered Words: 0)
To what extent did it mould the morals and the social , economic , and political life and institutions of the country ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This schedule became too strenuous , even for the energetic and conscientious Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
but the letter went on : she had cried , she had implored , she had been miserable at his refusal , and finally he had relented -- and now how happy she was , how expectant ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A quiet but sturdy theme , somewhat folklike in character , appears whenever the old monk speaks of the history he is recording or of his own past life : (Filtered Words: 0)
It is their job to think about the unthinkable . (Filtered Words: 0)
She admired him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Atomic energy (Filtered Words: 0)
Three-part analysis of the costs of an electric utility business (Filtered Words: 0)
She topped the sextet brilliantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
We walked miles and saw various shrines and gardens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the 1946 disaster there have been 15 tsunami in the Pacific , but only one was of any consequence . (Filtered Words: 0)
and that over-all , amazing control of large washes which is the Mason stylemark . (Filtered Words: 0)
This machine was demonstrated in two textile machinery exhibitions last year and was well received by the industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , there was increased reason for a quick meeting lest the Soviet leader , as a result of those episodes , come to a dangerously erroneous conclusion about the West's ability and determination to resist Communist pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the lower portion of each Chart , the Skeletal Age ( Hand ) of boy 34 and girl 2 may be similarly classified . (Filtered Words: 0)
An early hope that irradiation might be the ultimate answer to practically all food preservation problems was soon dispelled . (Filtered Words: 0)
His face was bloated with drugging , redder than normal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sticks fell like a shower around her and she felt them sting her flesh and send tiny points of pain along her thighs . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was going to be dangerous . (Filtered Words: 0)
I stared at her , almost speechless . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Better make up your mind , son '' , Sabella said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Generally , they go to school with a girl named [FILTERED] , who lives down the block , and has a car . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] could still feel a cold sweat on his slightly gray temples as he remembered what a near thing chemistry had been for him at Hanford . (Filtered Words: 1)
But there was no need for [FILTERED] to go on , since all she wanted in life was to make a home for [FILTERED] and ( blushing ) raise his children . (Filtered Words: 2)
I no longer knew how deep I was , somewhere under 230 feet , getting drunker , happier and more contented by the second . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] may fly in from the West Coast for the editorial staff meetings . (Filtered Words: 1)
The big , paunchy man named Geely was on that side , half-turned in the seat toward his hatchet-faced companion so that his back partially rested against the closed door . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , the new authority of $3,825 million proposed for missile procurement ( excluding research and construction ) in 1961 is $581 million higher than for 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The study of the St. Louis area's economic prospects prepared for the Construction Industry Joint Conference confirms and reinforces both the findings of the Metropolitan St. Louis Survey of 1957 and the easily observed picture of the Missouri-Illinois countryside . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parkway courtesy (Filtered Words: 0)
The expression was his trade-mark , his open sesame to good luck , and his prayer that pilot and plane would always return . (Filtered Words: 0)
Back at the Factory-to-You with the other old maids , back there she was the youngest clerk and she was thirty-four , which made her young enough to resent the usual ideal working conditions , like the unventilated toilet with the door you had to hold shut while you sat down . (Filtered Words: 0)
The effect was as depressing as a gravestone , the applause irresolute and short-lived . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dallas , Tex. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no conclusive evidence yet that either of the proteases has been prepared in highly purified form nor is their specificity known . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 1962 General Assembly has important business to consider . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , take flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
All those dumb 8-Balls croaked . (Filtered Words: 0)
In so far as this goal is achieved , the society becomes more fluid , artificial barriers to social mobility are reduced , and people at the lower end of the social hierarchy share more fully in the material and cultural goods of society . (Filtered Words: 0)
anxiety and deep insecurity are the characteristic responses evoked by the crisis in tradition . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has been estimated that for applications on a megawatt scale costs might reach values in the neighborhood of 10 cents per kwhr for large-scale accelerators or for gamma radiation generated in a reactor core . (Filtered Words: 0)
The modern student , who knows what was to come next , is likely to place first the factors of change which are visible in the eighth century . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's a house of prostitution for white men with white girls as inmates . (Filtered Words: 0)
A number of C clamps hold the pieces together on the jig until the glue sets . (Filtered Words: 0)
An oversize unit will cool off your house quickly , then shut down for a long period . (Filtered Words: 0)
A rush of panic caught [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Actually , I shouldn't complain , I told myself in the shaving mirror . (Filtered Words: 0)
I set the hour of our meeting for seven . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] doesn't call a special session in 1961 , it will be the first year in the last decade that the Legislature has not met in regular or special session . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` [FILTERED]' '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
`` How old is he '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Ruling would not , however , apply to an acquisition of assets for cash . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not the noblest performance we have heard him play , or the most spacious , or even the most eloquent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The flat-bottomed boat swung slowly to the pull of the current . (Filtered Words: 0)
It dawns on you that instead of a lump to fill the seat across the bridge table from you , he was a man , and that because [FILTERED] was making you miserable , you were passing it down to him , to [FILTERED]'s substitute , that other guy . (Filtered Words: 2)
Despite extensive attempts to obtain highly pure reagents , serious difficulty was experienced in obtaining reproducible rates of reaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a [FILTERED]'s wife who agonizes about tobacco ash on the living room rug and he is a forgetful genius who goes boating with the town baker when dignitaries from the local university have come to call . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of another colleague , [FILTERED] , he could write : `` The great event in my life recently has been the reading of Santayana's book . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] slurped his way to the bottom of the soup bowl . (Filtered Words: 1)
All for $14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was stirred by the announcement of Volta's discovery of chemical electricity and he immediately applied the voltaic pile to experiments with acids and alkalis . (Filtered Words: 0)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chauncey Depew , one-time runner-up for the Republican Presidential nomination , was attending a convention at Saratoga , where he was scheduled to nominate Colonel [FILTERED] for Governor of New York when he noticed that the temporary chairman was a man he had never met . (Filtered Words: 1)
The resulting , indescribable torment affects every Southern mind and is the basis of the Southern hysteria . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question of epidemic disease merits some discussion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Regulative norms governing subgroups and roles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strategic forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus [FILTERED]'s `` My love is like a red , red rose '' and Hopkins' `` The thunder-purple sea-beach , plumed purple of Thunder '' although clearly intelligible in content , hardly present ideas of the sort with which we are here concerned . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Sure '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The corpse was on a table , covered by a sheet . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thyroid-stimulating hormone (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm sure all girls feel this way about men until they live with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they feel that we are taking a long-term view of their problems and are prepared to enter into reasonably long-term association with them in their development activities , they will be much more likely to undertake the difficult tasks required . (Filtered Words: 0)
He belonged to a social club , a civic group , little theater , swimming team , and had been president of the student forum as well as treasurer of the science club . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a 34 foot Wheeler with Chief [FILTERED]'s in big gold letters on its stern also tied up at the dock . (Filtered Words: 1)
He served as president of the Continental Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
they weigh around nine pounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had hoped to be alone in the bombproof , but the soldier had followed him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note , however , that it is six inches shorter at the forward end . (Filtered Words: 0)
The figure five is important in insurance . (Filtered Words: 0)
She begged . (Filtered Words: 0)
BMEWS intelligence is simultaneously flashed to NORAD ( North American Air Defense Command ) in Colorado Springs , Colorado , for interpretation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He hoped he was free of self-deception . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Tar Heel-Lotus Hanover ) and [FILTERED] ( Tar Heel-Miracle Byrd ) in 2:34 . (Filtered Words: 2)
) if we are born of god we practice righteousness . (Filtered Words: 0)
God's mercy and patience will last forever . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was small comfort for insomnia . (Filtered Words: 0)
But over and beyond the compelling need for a binding precedent decision , I am convinced that the decisions of the Superior Courts which in effect nullify the Secretary's Regulation are not a correct interpretation of the Secretary's power under the Federal law . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , all three representations must be squeezed comfortably into little more than the length Brumidi allowed for each one of his . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was evident that a second transfer had to be effected , and that it had to take place between the time the fille finished the doctor's room and the time she began Alex's . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clerk paid them no attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
The resolution limitations for a single stage are given by the inherent resolution of the electron optical system as well as the resolution capabilities of the cathodoluminescent viewing screen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked the lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
Piepsam is not , certainly , religious in any conventional sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Panels with outdated copy are returned to the sign shop so a new message can be applied . (Filtered Words: 0)
One member of the panel -- not Mr. [FILTERED] -- indicated he had been a member of the KKK at one time . (Filtered Words: 1)
The [FILTERED] roared twice and two men dropped , writhing . (Filtered Words: 1)
A gaggle of gabbling mothers , backs to the pool , is no safeguard . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems quite obvious that all the really difficult tasks of human beings arise from the fact that man is not one , but many . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we are born of God we do not practice sin as a habit . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Failing this , he would pull alongside at the first opportunity and shake his fist threateningly . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is strange ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether in prose or poetry , all of Heidenstam's later work was concerned with Sweden . (Filtered Words: 0)
The increase in mechanical harvesting of cotton makes cleaning and drying equipment a must for modern gin operation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet there was some precedent for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
a pesticides co-ordination act ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Was the topic for a round-table discussion at the Bayerische Rundfunk in Munich . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In August our dealers sold 13% more farm machinery than a year earlier and in September retail sales were 14% higher than last year '' , says [FILTERED] , farm equipment vice president of International Harvester Co. . (Filtered Words: 1)
Come home or I'll come find you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , oh why , doesn't he stick to preaching the [FILTERED] , instead of meddling in civic affairs , politics , economics , and social issues that are no concern of the Church '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
From all this we can now see that two streams of development run through the history of twentieth-century American folklore . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the vertex at Af , these values will be denoted by Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The habitants were to be encouraged to trade and were to dispose of their pelts to the concessionaires . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went to Key West every fall and winter and was the only man in town who did not know that his title of `` Commodore '' was never used without irony . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet long before the scheduled time for return , [FILTERED] would be watching for every speck in the sky . (Filtered Words: 1)
He could remember the feel of his father's big hands , the thump of his father's heart sending out signals -- regular , like radar . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had none here . (Filtered Words: 0)
The creative urge , for example , transcends the body and the self . (Filtered Words: 0)
He raised his voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cleared his throat and wet his lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
The addition of endurance training later , when the body is mature enough to benefit from it without danger of injury , provides that final quality that makes the top athlete , soldier or citizen . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a group they should be favorable to a concept of gradual Germanic infiltration although the specialist nature of much of their work , e.g. [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , tends to obscure their sympathies . (Filtered Words: 3)
) 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
at best the annual increase appears to be a matter of inches rather than feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before he made that retreat , he telephoned [FILTERED] in Kansas City and asked him to come to Europe with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
While no larger than Dutch Springs , this mining supply town had the appearance of being far busier and more prosperous . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ceiling stayed solid above them at about eight hundred feet , and at times the sheer cliffs seemed about to close in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though he struggled with philosophy all his life , he never got much beyond the pessimism of his twenties ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Still there is a way for those who want to see some of the back country of Europe by car . (Filtered Words: 0)
Locust gum is added to pulp slurries to break up the lumps of fibers in making paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or what was it that , before Via , Sonny , Walter and all , I began almost to dance with shuddering and cry out , `` I knew she'd do it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
With the expansion of family formation in the Sixties , a continued substantial rise in expenditures by state and local government units seems to be indicated . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I should explain : there's more here for me than advocating my little dream , there's you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her first actual flight , for she and her kind had made mock flights on dummy panels since she was eight , showed her complete mastery of the techniques of her profession . (Filtered Words: 0)
There had been reading at table , especially from two books , Pope Gregory The Great's account of St. Scholastica in his [FILTERED] and my own The World Of Washington Irving . (Filtered Words: 1)
A sweetheart arrangement can come about as often by employers doing the corrupting as by unscrupulous labor leaders demanding tribute . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tooling through Sydney on his way to race in the New Zealand Grand Prix , Britain's balding Ace Driver Stirling Moss , 31 , all but smothered himself in his own exhaust of self-crimination . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are slums in the country as well as in the city . (Filtered Words: 0)
The breach created by the Selden patent doomed his proposal , but [FILTERED] did not abandon his scheme . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , the Princess [FILTERED] of Friday's performance , would be a change for the better anywhere , at any time , no matter who had had the role before . (Filtered Words: 2)
They were in a fight , outweighed in both numbers and money . (Filtered Words: 0)
This anomalous status of the educator cannot fail to lower his standing in the eyes of the students . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , I get it '' , [FILTERED] said , still on the ladder . (Filtered Words: 1)
Marcellus , the hero , is beset from all sides by the problems of approaching manhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
The University of Georgia has long claimed that it does not discriminate against any applicant on the basis of race or color . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone knows that private detectives in real life are not like [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , but the real and the imaginary musician are closely linked . (Filtered Words: 2)
Many changes involved minor editing and clarification ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] , with its Latin hesitation bounce , is just this side of the pale ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Six o'clock ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Flash is allowed , subject to above restrictions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The state presently owns 389 passenger vehicles in comparison to approximately 200 in 1940 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The story is of a famous strip cartoonist , an arty individual , whose specialty is the American boy and who adopts a 10-year-old to provide him with fresh idea material . (Filtered Words: 0)
The area available at Heywood is approximately three times the size of the former Rochdale and [FILTERED] locations . (Filtered Words: 1)
To do this we must first show that every line which meets **zg in a point P meets its image at P . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , an admirable Georgian whose delightful correspondence is preserved in the Georgia Department of Archives and History , liked to tease his wife in his letters . (Filtered Words: 1)
Whether considered alone or in relation to other editions , COLH 40 is a document of prime importance . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had come . (Filtered Words: 2)
Sometimes she can -- to a large extent -- help him overcome them . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 1 ) The regular sections do not allow freshmen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's ride '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Stimulating '' was the word for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is more than that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Providing these means are about ninety companies which manufactured the estimated 1,800,000 boat trailers now in use . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had the unspoken support of President-elect [FILTERED] , whose own legislative program was menaced by the Rules Committee bottleneck . (Filtered Words: 1)
It took a piece of bad luck to show [FILTERED] that the boy was devoted to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
I pushed at his shoulder , calling his name . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus cortico-fugal discharges induced by topical application of strychnine to a minute area in the neocortex summate with spikes present in the hypothalamus and cause increased convulsive discharges . (Filtered Words: 0)
The presidents of Cornell , Wisconsin , C.C.N.Y. , Bowdoin , Vermont , Brown , Columbia , [FILTERED] , Yale , and Harvard and the presidents emeritus of Harvard and Michigan were there . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rev said , `` Come in , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then he smiled shyly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their jams and jellies had not suffered . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can't you guess '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Markets should become more competitive as consumers become more selective . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were not yet prepared to accept it as irremediable . (Filtered Words: 0)
the purpose was less immediate . (Filtered Words: 0)
but on further investigation , the thing proved to be a sweater , of the long-hair variety that sheds onto men's jackets -- pale , pale pink and , according to the label , size thirty-four . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presumably the tabulated data are best available values . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , he became one of the central spirits of the Army Language Program and the language school of Washington's Foreign Service Institute . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beside him was Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Recently I was struck anew by the divergent approaches , when in the course of one afternoon and evening I listened to no fewer than ten different performances . (Filtered Words: 0)
According to one major producer , materials for a typical plastic sign are approximately 25% less costly than for a comparable neon unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
These institutions which Mr. [FILTERED] names `` agreeable autocracies '' -- where did they come from ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
It concerns a small-town minister who staged an impressive object lesson by confining a lion and a lamb together in the same cage outside his church door . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wouldn't hear from him for a couple of weeks , then he'd come around with the completed lyric '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ultracentrifugation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Food treated in this manner and protected from recontamination by aseptic methods of packaging and containment presumably could be stored for long periods without refrigeration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since two of these could be trustees of the college , actually it would be necessary to have the consent of only one elected official to impose a levy of millions of dollars of tax revenue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , the ' functions ' Af span the space of solutions of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
An inquest was held , and after a good deal of testimony about the anonymous notes , the county coroner estimated that the shooting had been done from a distance of 300 yards . (Filtered Words: 0)
This reviewer read the book when it was first brought out in England with a sense of discovery and excitement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The public . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the excitement of caresses and sexual stimulation the vagina relaxes and dilates and the local moisture greatly increases , providing an excellent lubricant to help achieve an easier penetration . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was Brenner's idea '' , [FILTERED] mumbled , dabbing at his nose . (Filtered Words: 1)
Every pitch in the game brought forth a howl from the enraptured audience and every fly ball the visitors dropped ( and because their right fielder was still a little fuzzy from drink , they dropped many ) called forth yelps of derision . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Company maintained a store at which products of England could be purchased and brought in goods for the new merchants on the understanding that they refrain from trading in furs . (Filtered Words: 0)
They all prayed now that the North would realize that peace must come , for Virginia had defended her land victoriously . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it's goin' to go on like this year after year until the white people take over this land '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One solution is the aquisition of degrees in education but it is a poor substitute . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll go , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The simple passage of an additional eleven months' time makes the second 3% boost more acceptable . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No -- really '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mouth frequently breaks into a disarming smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
It generally took well into the autumn for the firm to recover from the summer's help . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , the silence was complete . (Filtered Words: 0)
A philosophy which attempts to supply ultimate answers in an ultimate way reveals its acquiescence in the shortcomings of men , an impatience with partial , tentative solutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was uninjured . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` By God '' , [FILTERED] said , `` we don't want to upset the boy at this time of all times . (Filtered Words: 1)
Temperature symposium . (Filtered Words: 0)
Choose carefully between contributory or non-contributory pension plans . (Filtered Words: 0)
to some degree they are being supplanted by a concept of national responsibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last program of this festival , which during two weeks had sampled most compositional categories , brought the Cologne Rundfunk-Sinfonie-Orchester and Rundfunkchor to Bonn's gold-filled hall for a performance of the Missa Solemnis . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled , and the teeth gleamed in her beautifully modeled olive face . (Filtered Words: 0)
West Germany , with its industrial and military might , reaffirmed its democracy and remains firm with the free nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
that he moved with his parents to West Boxford when he was sixteen years old ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Note that it prohibits referrals under either condition ( 1 ) or condition ( 2 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] took to heart the advice given him by his legal mentor , [FILTERED] , to `` pursue the study of the law , rather than the gain of it '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
He was naked except for a clout . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
Honest , kitten , that's all it is -- I don't even like Lucille much '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A river , wide as the Missouri , where it ran by his place . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the time Barco reached the count of three , the situation seemed to [FILTERED] almost too good to be true . (Filtered Words: 1)
With such a dream arising , at least in part , from the Protestant heritage of the United States and built into the foundations of the nation , it is not surprising that many efforts were made to give it concrete expression . (Filtered Words: 0)
Health , excellent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Noted artist (Filtered Words: 0)
As the trap is sprung . (Filtered Words: 0)
And you've got to be ready to cut to ribbons anybody who wants to take your way of life away from you '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Some 80 reaction tubes from 13 manifold fillings were illuminated in the temperature range from 40 to 85-degrees in a further endeavor to determine the cause of the irreproducibility and to obtain information on the activation energy and the effect of light intensity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gilborn wondered whether Kitti had lain in that same bed with Who ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s son was rejected . (Filtered Words: 1)
To summarize : (Filtered Words: 0)
The polyether glycols are claimed to give flexible urethanes a spring-back action which is much desired in cushioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am getting deaf , I must admit it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why not ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the detective must save his own skin by informing on the girl he loves , who is also the real murderer . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was only one possible answer , but [FILTERED]'s horrified mind refused to believe it until he had fed the radar plots of the skiff's course into the computer . (Filtered Words: 1)
the kingdom of Heaven is theirs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But at the touch of Hume and Voltaire the noble or hideous visitations which had haunted the mind since [FILTERED]'s blood cried out for vengeance , disappeared altogether or took tawdry refuge among the gaslights of melodrama . (Filtered Words: 1)
As they waited for supper they sat by the fire , glasses in hand , while Byron philosophized as much for his own entertainment as hers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Which are you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The appeal is going to be to the pocketbook and may be very convincing to those who do not see its relation to political and legal , as well as economic , self-rule . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the field of political values , it is certainly true that students are not radical , not rebels against their parents or their peers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I stopped '' , responded the man , `` several times to look at beautiful sceneries '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aristotle's method in the Poetics , then , does suggest that we should isolate the work . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked more closely . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
I suspected why he brought it along . (Filtered Words: 0)
To prepare the latter , silver chloride was precipitated from a solution containing Af obtained from the Oak Ridge National Laboratory . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought as warm , drizzling rain touched her face . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a fingerprint specialist . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
This was the big man with the proprietory air and the beetling , shaggy eyebrows . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the problems associated with the expressway stems from the basic idea . (Filtered Words: 0)
He brushed past the clergyman and walked into the center of the camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
in the second place , it doesn't look authentic ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Such was not the case in Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sits there remembering the tense moment before the ball was snapped ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Constitutions of and by themselves mean little ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Repeated polls have disclosed that most married couples are now using contraceptives in the practice of birth control . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
He returned to Germany for the first time in 1953 , where he has since conducted in Cologne , Frankfurt , and Berlin . (Filtered Words: 0)
the scope and adequacy of State mine-safety laws applicable to such mines and the enforcement of such laws . (Filtered Words: 0)
This negative explanation of courtesy on the freeways , however , does an injustice to Southern California drivers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Peacocks strutted across their path , preening . (Filtered Words: 0)
A primary function is the operation of a Government Bid Center , which receives bids daily from the Federal Government's principal purchasing agencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bellman ( 1957 ) has annunciated in the following terms : (Filtered Words: 0)
Not bulky laborers , but sinewy men . (Filtered Words: 0)
The old man was almost too possessive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Facilitatory processes take place between neocortex and hypothalamus via ascending and descending pathways . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Any difference in the rate '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , I was watching you on that little seventeen-inch screen when you rang my bell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spectacular displays of this sort are relatively rare in the entire land surface of the earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
You've been riding on a pink ticket for six years , you know that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once he said , `` Why'n hell didn't you look in the back seat of the car before you drove off ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the other objectives were subordinated to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The authors insist , however , that these abnormalities in the sense of touch were due absolutely to no organic disorders in that sense faculty but rather to the injuries which the patient had sustained to the sense of sight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eyes that were clear , but also bright with a strange intensity , a sort of cold fire burning behind them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are we not late , especially those of us who call ourselves Friends , in doing enough about this lack of understanding ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
At least we'll eat , I thought grimly as I put all the food away . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems to me that N.C. , in his editorial `` Confrontation '' ( SR , Mar. 25 ) , has hit upon the real problem that bothers all of us in a complex world : how do we retain our personal relationship with those who suffer ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have to get back to Jarrodsville '' , he went on . (Filtered Words: 0)
must and should do . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is significant , too , that the older teen-agers I interviewed believed , unlike the younger ones , that Jewish students tend to do better academically than their gentile counterparts . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got her dozens of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was shouting and breathing hard and closing his fist on the pillow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Social invention did not have to await social theory any more than use of the warmth of a fire had to await Lavoisier or the buoyant protection of a boat the formulations of Archimedes . (Filtered Words: 0)
information concerning patents , copyrights and trade marks , availability of technical reports , and other subjects of interest to small business . (Filtered Words: 0)
She jerked the coat back on and squeezed it around her again , but not soon enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
As I slid in beside him he said , `` Some heap , hey ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
How could they not ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Now go '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Her subject was large -- a copy of the Last Supper -- and her canvas , small -- the head of a tiny screw . (Filtered Words: 0)
From this point , I paint in as direct a manner as possible , by flowing on the washes with as pure a color mixture as I can manage . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In my place , you'd follow such advice as you give me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us prepare for peace , instead of for a war which would mean the end of civilization . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ambiguity of a non-repetitious kind describes the dilemma one girl found herself in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Line sides of mold with paper pattern Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
this level will be increased by condensed steam . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pope [FILTERED] , on the 13th day of December 1898 , granted the following indulgences : `` An indulgence of three hundred days is granted to all the Faithful who read the Holy Gospels at least a quarter of an hour . (Filtered Words: 1)
Remarks of Hon. [FILTERED] of Illinois (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] came by train from Birmingham and looked the city over ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Nothing was found . (Filtered Words: 0)
While there may still be many Faulknerian Lucas Beauchamps scattered through the rural South , such men appear to be a vanishing breed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the law of the land is not irrevocable ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Very nice for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
She would weep in private , he was sure , for she loved him in her frigid way , though in public she would be dry-eyed . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I meant what I said about that fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Treat lambs with 12 grams per head for lambs weighing up to 50 pounds ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , there is freshness not only in the individual movements of the dance but in the shape of their continuity as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
This voyage was the first successful crossing of the Atlantic under steam propulsion . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has felt terrible about all this . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You cheap , no good , two-timing bitch ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If I could make myself feel the same way (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm in a room over the Golden Club on San Pedro , you just ask for me there , you want see me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suppose Af crosses C when Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` race '' music , folk songs and melodies , and gospel programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] Ring Of Bright Water has widened to enchant the world . (Filtered Words: 1)
As I said , they were both painters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey saw sunlight touch the curly blonde hairs on the brown skin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jubal's conversations coming and going -- Jubal's words troubled him most ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now come , [FILTERED] , we must go quickly . (Filtered Words: 1)
And that is the way I first saw her when my [FILTERED] brought her into his antique store . (Filtered Words: 1)
The man opened his mouth wider . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is there anything a frustrated individual can do about Communism's growing threat on our doorstep and around the world ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Oso reached up , jerked the buck from the bale and snapped his neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's what they all say . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] himself took two flights , with Todman leading the second , to patrol and look for targets of opportunities around [FILTERED] on the east coast of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
Thermal conductivity is directly traceable to the material's porous , air-cell construction which effectively traps air or a gas in the maze of minute bubbles which form its composition . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] enjoyed seeing him start out ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Hard physical labor and undesirable hours are a part of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything was in an exciting turmoil -- full of anticipation and fun . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simple hole drilling operations (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] couldn't see [FILTERED] offering any hand lotion . (Filtered Words: 2)
This saleslady was a failure in the dress department and was transferred to the shoe department . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last essential to the beginner's gymnastic program is the somersault , or forward roll . (Filtered Words: 0)
He never in his life took a hand to a woman or '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Experiment without a fixed number of trials . (Filtered Words: 0)
His brothers' anger caused Palfrey genuine concern , for he had imposed a dual mission upon himself : to free his slaves , and to keep the family from falling apart over the issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
The registration figures given in Table 2 must be interpreted with caution since the estimate for eligible electors were made without the benefit of a reliable census . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was critical of what he feels is President [FILTERED]'s tendency to be too conciliatory . (Filtered Words: 1)
He took Madden into the room he used as an office . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , too much does not happen too suddenly , nor does very little take long . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the contrary it is my duty to make my own decision as between the two '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Best time to date is 2:34-:34 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are as many rates as there are countries and models of cars available . (Filtered Words: 0)
This day [FILTERED] had started first . (Filtered Words: 1)
Great thought has been given to making life easier for the growing boating population of the country ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Compulsory retirement at sixty-five looms on our horizon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some , she knew , looked upon [FILTERED] almost as a saint , but others read in `` The Hound Of Heaven '' what they took to be the confessions of a great sinner , who , like [FILTERED] , had -- as one pious writer later put it -- thrown himself `` on the swelling wave of every passion '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
This is being done so that Georgia Tech can complete the final phase of a traffic survey on the North Expressway . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] : (Filtered Words: 1)
red-bellied snake ( Storeria ) , two years ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Their amplitude sometimes is as little as two feet from trough to crest . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored newcomers , then the `` open house '' system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed connective points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gilborn stood there for a long time . (Filtered Words: 0)
He traveled alternately with Mr. [FILTERED] and with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
To those raised on Marcel's Homo Viator and [FILTERED]'s das [FILTERED] , this may seem a modest role for philosophy . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` These recent steps do not offer the possibility of extension to the great number of senior engineers who have displayed technical competence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually questions from the floor were directed to the non-Catholic speaker or discussion leader . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concept remains subjective . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the Bonaventure seemed to disintegrate with a roar of live steam , geysers of sparks and flames , and a dense cloud of black-and-orange smoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
The estimates vary widely on the strength of the Chinese army . (Filtered Words: 0)
She never could fit into a crowd which had known , which still knew and admired [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He would never have believed , without seeing it , that the bizarre little vessel could go so fast . (Filtered Words: 0)
he rose at half-past six every morning , made himself some French coffee , had his corn flakes and more coffee , smoked four cigarettes while reading last Sunday's Herald Tribune and yesterday's Pittsburgh Gazette , then put on his high-topped farmer's shoes and walked under a vine bower to his workshop . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm not going to be one of your guinea pigs . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
The ontological status of society thus is constituted by the psychological status of society's members . (Filtered Words: 0)
For many readers [FILTERED] comes closer than anyone else in sight . (Filtered Words: 1)
How and when should the Peace Corps be launched ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These are personality factors ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] held my briefcase ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Instead one partner or the other dominates the sexual relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kinda like a zombie ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the continuing threat of inflation , together with the persisting tendency toward fiscal irresponsibility ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They'd cut their mothers' belly open . (Filtered Words: 0)
The illustration ( fig. 11 ) shows this shelter with the roof at ground level and mounded over . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had failed to realize that the Burmese were not really treating him as the important visitor he considered himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
And how right she was . (Filtered Words: 0)
Being less encumbered by material embodiments they partake more of what is divine . (Filtered Words: 0)
353 U. S. , at 606 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The voice is light in timbre , with a rough edge that corresponds to his visage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her veil was caught to a crown , and she carried gardenias and stephanotis . (Filtered Words: 0)
For grant to the Government of India under subsection ( E ) of Section 104 of the Act , the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may from time to time be mutually agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In painting a fresco , the handling of wet mortar compels one always to move from top to bottom and from left to right , not to spoil yesterday's work with today's plastering . (Filtered Words: 0)
Come inside now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] lifted him gently into the saddle , like a child . (Filtered Words: 1)
He liked to savor his meat before he tasted it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jobs for Cavanagh (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] now has poems as well as ballads written for her . (Filtered Words: 1)
The fin on his foot caught on the moulding , throwing him off balance . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it becomes clear why in general we cannot take the initiative against the Left . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a war reputation , but this was the kind of man women like even without medals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then let the whole lot be hanged in a public mass execution on July 4 , 1963 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A modern cotton gin plant costs in the neighborhood of $250,000 , and it's a safe assumption that a large percentage of new gins in the U.S. and foreign countries contain machinery made in this area . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even two decades ago in Go Down , Moses [FILTERED] was looking to the more urban future with a glimmer of hope that through its youth and its new way of life the South might be reborn and the curse of slavery erased from its soil . (Filtered Words: 1)
One might well wonder why the `` public is always wrong '' and the question raised is about as awkward as the one concerned with the chicken and the egg . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , after concentration using negative pressure dialysis , agglutinin activity could sometimes be detected in the region designated 2a ( donors [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]. 1 ) . (Filtered Words: 4)
He has his own system of shorthand , devised by abbreviations : `` humility '' will be `` humly '' , `` with '' will be `` w '' , and `` that '' will be `` tt '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet suddenly he was wide-awake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] continues : `` (Filtered Words: 1)
Solemnly he walked me back to Alfred's house without a word passing between us . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll wake up the whole building . (Filtered Words: 0)
This means an added burden to innumerable postmen , who already are complaining of heavy loads and low pay , and it presumably means an increased postal deficit , but , our correspondent writes , think of the additional junk mail each citizen will now be privileged to receive on a regular basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is particularly vulnerable to diabetes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Net income may reach $12.7 billion , up $1 billion from 1960 and the highest since 1953 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dependable [FILTERED] engine was never stopped on these trips . (Filtered Words: 1)
His neighbors celebrated his return , even if it was only temporary , and [FILTERED] was especially gratified by the quaint expression of an elderly friend , [FILTERED] , who told him , `` A man that has so often left all that is dear to him , as thou hast , to serve thy country , must create a sympathetic feeling in every patriotic heart '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
As usual , the press photographers were on hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They are just asking too much '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not like us fellas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Set aside to dry thoroughly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither do I , but the Tjokorda Agoeng was good enough to translate , and I'll do as much for you . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may lose your life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington (Filtered Words: 0)
Plans are on pages 22 and 23 . (Filtered Words: 0)
knowing that its ageless mass would always dwarf the short span of time allotted to any man . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of the elders except three voted for death , but a majority of the deputies refused to sanction the sentence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here is truly a `` Great Recording of the Century '' , and its greatness is by no means diminished by the fact that it is not quite perfect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thought I'd bake it out in the sun '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] might not be the most intelligent woman , but she was one of the most determined . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sheeting cast from this material reportedly weighs only one-third as much as glass , is impervious to all kinds of weather , and will not yellow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , the Theatre Guild kept that play , and kept it , and finally in December they turned it down . (Filtered Words: 0)
They made the tests and came to Fred ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Although it looked like a routine technical snapback to Wall Streeters it was accompanied by some good news . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spread everything out . (Filtered Words: 0)
On my way out I told her , `` If you should eh just happen to see your husband , get him to give himself up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Believing devoutly as they did in Anglo-Saxon institutions , it was important to both [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] that the Poles should have them . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` What about me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The younger son told police his brother had run from the house after the shootings and had driven away in their mother's car . (Filtered Words: 0)
backstitch pieces together close to edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or an `` I want to go home '' , or whatever -- but a nonverbal one which reveals itself , gradually , as the condensed expression of more than one latent meaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the outskirts of the rabble the [FILTERED] brothers and [FILTERED] shook their fists . (Filtered Words: 2)
Adams firmly contended that the historian must never underrate the impact of the geographical environment on history . (Filtered Words: 0)
But by the time the first crackling of spring came around , we both knew we were hopelessly in love . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the subtleties of the dialogue are most helpfully conveyed . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was where the pegboard would go on which he would hang his hand tools . (Filtered Words: 0)
West Berlin morale is low and , in age distribution , the situation is unfavorable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Active groups sponsored by the organization include the Saddle Club , Orchesis , Golf Club , Tennis Club , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
and among works of dystopian science fiction , not all provide intelligent criticism and very few have much merit as literature -- but then real quality has always been scarce in science fiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
His subjective experience may be a remarkably concretistic one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Emory is affiliated with the Methodist Church . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Miss [FILTERED] had stood up , rustling and rustling , and gone upstairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
We are , as we know , utterly dependent on the quality of advice we get ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I submit that this is the key problem of international relations , that it always has been , that it always will be . (Filtered Words: 0)
British common sense is proverbial . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't you see the difference now '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She stood sipping and chewing and watching . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hypostatization of the secret nonetheless guarantees that the division of analytical and synthetic philosophies shall not be overcome by even the most persuasive argument ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If we are born of God we love the brethren . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result says Jolliffe : `` The child gains the feeling that food is the purpose of life '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tables were all spinning , the dice rattling , the bar crowded . (Filtered Words: 0)
They aren't `` frigid '' and they aren't homosexual ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as it has its [FILTERED] , though nobody'd ever bothered to tell me that . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Hear me out , please '' , [FILTERED] begged . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rexroth may sometimes achieve an effective juxtaposition , but he rarely makes any effort to capture any jazz `` feeling '' in the text of his poems , relying on his very competent musicians to supply this feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Organization : (Filtered Words: 0)
Stranger , [FILTERED] began riding home nights with a jug strapped to his saddle , drunkenly singing `` Old Dan Tucker '' at the top of his voice . (Filtered Words: 1)
( Along the way there , about one hundred yards on your right , you pass a simple restaurant , [FILTERED] , where you can have the best pizza in Rome . (Filtered Words: 1)
Three examples follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
To some extent the system can be considered a Gemeinschaft in which `` social-role occupancies are determined by birth , by attributes such as sex or caste , which are biologically or socially immutable '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] writes : `` People are leaving ( West Berlin ) because they think it is dying . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We found some owls had built a nest in the chimney , milord , but I promise you you'll never have trouble of that sort again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sherman proved that a railway base could be movable and the most brilliant feature of the Atlanta campaign was the rapid repair of the tracks . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the villages people lined up to give us flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Victor had led an adventurous life . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Lookit that come down , willya '' , said the man , scratching himself , yawning . (Filtered Words: 0)
That development , in turn , formed the foundation of still more significant expansions in later years -- in gear cutting , in circular graduating , in index drilling , and in many other fields where accuracy was a paramount requirement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not so , he answers , it is not the architect but the temple that is immortal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The flux of micrometeorites in the neighborhood of the Earth can be estimated by extrapolation from radar and visual meteor data . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fromm seems unaware of these developments . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the realm of physical sensations , sex reigns supreme . (Filtered Words: 0)
and core - Negro marriages are proscribed for core members '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
All told , they offered a highly confused picture . (Filtered Words: 0)
They roll at night in ashes to keep warm and their second skin has a light dusty cast to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could feel his own feet , iron-shod , striking repeatedly until the body was limp . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wires whined as a cold November blast rocked the silver wings , but the engine roar was reassuring to the pilot bundled in the open cockpit . (Filtered Words: 0)
This carbine ( under $140 , about $15 more for a deluxe grade ) has an 18-1/2-inch barrel and was obviously inspired by the popularity of last year's Model 760 pump with a short-barrel . (Filtered Words: 0)
National leaders will have to display the highest skills of statesmanship to guide their people through times of uncertainty and confusion which destroy men's sense of identity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The viewers of the `` Deep Peep Show '' at 15th and M Streets NW have an added attraction -- the view of a fossilized cypress swamp . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nice '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But he has shown a sixth-sense ability to spot , recruit and excite able researchers , and has developed unexpected talents in fund raising and speech-making . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirty-three (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever the merits of its intent , Utopian communism is far too naive , far too crude , to suit any modern socialist or communist . (Filtered Words: 0)
An injury forced [FILTERED] to quit after the 1948 season . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here's an idea for a child's room that is easy to execute and is completely charming , using puppets for lamp bases . (Filtered Words: 0)
To consolidate what her Navy had won , the Czarina was fortunate that , for the first time in Russian history , her land forces enjoyed absolute unity of command under her favorite Giaour . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said : `` I have some antiseptic salve with me , but it's too late for that '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Orders not written down had to be transmitted to the local provincial government . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if you keep a calendar of events , as we do , you noticed a conflict . (Filtered Words: 0)
Paint continuous lane stripes and install overhead directional lights as on our bridges . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vocational training which holds no hope that the skill developed will be in fact a marketable skill becomes just another school `` chore '' for those whose interest in their studies has begun to falter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Decisions are made (Filtered Words: 0)
What size conditioner ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's your headache . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are eight states in which the largest urban vote can be the balance of power in any close election . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was almost positive it was not Assyrian nor Cassite , and imagined it must have been German or English . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I wrote [FILTERED] in my last letter to forget that I had told him that I didn't mean to reconsider my decision not to change my mind -- and he seems to have misunderstood me '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
World production of coffee broke all previous records in 1959 and 1960 at more than 5 million tons . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told Hanford his son had participated in numerous high-school activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Watching her , he felt like a spectator at a tennis game , with the ball being bounced back and forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
You should see to it that the trap , the dirt-catcher in front of the filter , is always clean . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mudwagon had caught fire also . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pilot plant operations (Filtered Words: 0)
He set his bundle down . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ogled a long redhead with green eyes , but she was a shill with her money in front of her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The giant electric signs and marquees were lit up for the first time since blackout regulations had been instituted , and the atmosphere was alive with the feeling that victory was just around the corner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once out of the gate they had charged straight up the narrow lane . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus we see that Af and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
But more than one conscientious researcher has been inhibited from completely frank discussion of the available evidence by the less excusable fact that fallout has been made a political issue as well as a scientific problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
at last , alarm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone held his or her breath . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
One man dropped to his knee for better aim . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe I should withdraw my advice -- no '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
rather , it underpins and reinforces that literalness , re-creates it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no great prejudice against shills ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
instructive -- maybe ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Bead tree seeds are the necklaces of South Pacific islanders and the eyes of Buddha dolls in Cuba . (Filtered Words: 0)
but a Jewish heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a reception at The Mayfair , the newlyweds left for a wedding trip to New Orleans , La. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Surprise addition (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] have concentrated on writing a new poetry for reading with jazz that is very closely related to both the musical forms of jazz , and the vocabulary of the musician . (Filtered Words: 2)
Remarks of Hon. [FILTERED] of Connecticut (Filtered Words: 1)
The low compulsive child was one who appeared relatively unconcerned about such matters . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is why the Bible commands you to `` Taste and see that the Lord is good : blessed ( happy ) is the man that trusteth in Him '' ( Psalm 34 : 8 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , just as all the buildings have not fallen and flowed back to their original mud , so the values which wanted them and saw that they were built have not all disappeared . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` Ring '' cycles are July 26 , 27 , 28 and 30 , and Aug. 21 , 22 , 23 and 25 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Going , he saw as often before some queer , hideous yellow face over his head , shining and weird like the old images which had invested him at other times like those that appear sometimes near the eyeballs when they are perhaps pressed by the thumbs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had written out the license number of his car but had transposed the last two figures , an old dodge which is still good . (Filtered Words: 0)
To what extent and in what ways did Christianity affect the United States of America in the nineteenth century ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Like certain expensive restaurants , just sitting there gave you the illusion of being wealthy yourself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wilson made up his mind that he must receive at least $2,500 , but when he mentioned this to the Deacons they said nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
I swear it , sir '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until internal combustion became cheap , he had to be near a railroad siding and a trolley line or an existing large community of lower-class homes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I imagine the old girl hasn't missed us much '' , [FILTERED] added , his eyes on the road . (Filtered Words: 1)
The front line of advance is where witnessing and worshiping congregations of different traditions exist side by side . (Filtered Words: 0)
I feel compelled to write this because I am greatly concerned with the problem of community growth rate and the relation between types of growth in a town such as East Greenwich . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] told the Rotary Club of Providence at its luncheon at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel that about half of the people in the country want the `` welfare '' type of government and the other half want a free enterprise system . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Comment '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Still another segment of the student population consists of those who seek , in what they regard as religion , intellectual clarity , rational belief , and ethical guidance and reinforcement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Volume 2 , , in three parts , in 1956 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had brought food and we'd decided on no drinks . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now , more than five years later , I cannot in any realistic sense be called a trained soldier . (Filtered Words: 0)
She would be among the elite of her kind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shadow looked surprised , wailed , and trotted after her . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not that such questions are not asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
A formulaic element need not be held meaningless merely because it was selected with little conscious reflection . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be a scorcher by afternoon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is an inwardness and a luster to old furniture ( look at that mahogany highboy behind you ) which has a provocative emanation , if I may say so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interlocking signals are normally at stop or `` red '' position , and a lever must be pulled to `` clear '' the signal . (Filtered Words: 0)
He , McBride , would be cited as in the wrong , and he , Lord , would go scot-free , an officer who had only done his duty , though perhaps too energetically . (Filtered Words: 0)
the courage to meet every challenge ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Gaining her second straight victory , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , Jr.'s Garden Fresh , a 3-year-old filly , downed promising colts in the $4,500 St. Patrick's Day Purse , featured seventh race here today , and paid $7.20 straight . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was all gravy , and [FILTERED] didn't need much to live on ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
One of the hardest chores a detective has is hanging around on a city street , trying to make himself inconspicuous , keeping an eye on the entrance of an office building and waiting . (Filtered Words: 0)
only one box car in eight has the wide doors needed for unit loads ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One finds , for example , that a terse and stereotyped verbal expression , seeming at first to be a mere hollow convention , reveals itself over the months of therapy as the vehicle for expressing the most varied and intense feelings , and the most unconventional of meanings . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rhinos would panic , screaming help ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He wants me to go with him tomorrow '' , she told [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
