They were running from something . (Filtered Words: 0)
Momentarily the Reds were back in the ball game , trailing only 6-3 , but the drive fizzled when [FILTERED] fouled out with men on second and third and two out . (Filtered Words: 1)
she got out of the coffee shop before the incident could be repeated . (Filtered Words: 0)
We'll woo the consumer with a product , not bludgeon him with chromed excess length and weight . (Filtered Words: 0)
The German's words worked on the newspaperman like a reprieve from an odious duty . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned over impatiently and pulled the sheet over his head against the treacherous encroachment of the dawn . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we let them go , they won't stay away , they'll find men to ride with them and they'll be back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taking Hamrick with him , [FILTERED] went to Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Now dammit , I don't want to go into any more explanations . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a capacity ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But without waiting for them to try it , she scattered the dogs and shot down the Reef and out across the plain . (Filtered Words: 0)
but now it's the most lost and tortured place in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the boys , there is very little bravado about drinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
He recognized the gesture . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] materials are available from Glass Plastic Supply Co. , 1605 [FILTERED]. , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
The present attempts of the politicians to contaminate ordinary [FILTERED] shows that this British common sense is unwilling to pull somebody else's chestnuts out of the fire by new military adventures '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
that is , that if wages , for example , is the only issue in a labor dispute , and no workers have left their jobs because of the dispute , we may continue to make referrals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ludie could be hateful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although a somewhat technical subject , it has important political implications as the above discussion of the voting system indicated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lieutenant was not entirely wrong in the belief . (Filtered Words: 0)
and now ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The theme of glorious summer coming after a long winter of discontent and repression was , he has told us , congenial to his artistic sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Britain in the nineteenth century is a textbook designed `` to give the sense of continuous growth , to show how economic led to social , and social to political change , how the political events reacted on the economic and social , and how new thoughts and new ideals accompanied or directed the whole complicated process '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A generation ago there were plenty of people who appreciated antiques and fine reproductions . (Filtered Words: 0)
It gave her poise and posture . (Filtered Words: 0)
With their load of bombs gone , the planes moved swiftly and easily . (Filtered Words: 0)
This schedule became too strenuous , even for the energetic and conscientious Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The next morning a little cognac made me feel better -- but what can you do in Paris on Sunday morning ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Before losing itself in the sands of the 19th Century , the grand stream of Italian Renaissance architectural decoration made a last appearance in the Brumidi frescos of the Capitol Rotunda in Washington . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matsuo took the small knife from its scabbard and laid it on the ground , out of the marine's reach and away from their shadows . (Filtered Words: 0)
She dreamed up the cookie recipe , tried it , liked it and entered it in the contest . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I want this to sink in awhile . (Filtered Words: 0)
The kernels of brazil nuts , cashews , coconuts , filberts , hazelnuts , hickory nuts , pecans , walnuts , and pine nuts are predominantly oily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently he never took the trouble to find out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Litigants who choose to assert federal claims in a state court go into that court subject to its rules of procedure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also available from this company are Snug-Grip Plasti-Bars , extruded of transparent acrylic material , which may be cemented to any corrugated acrylic background material . (Filtered Words: 0)
Microscopically , there were many areas of hypercellularity alternating with areas of hypocellularity . (Filtered Words: 0)
I always work it that way -- and always at a time when the customer has an alibi . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reverend [FILTERED] , a Baptist minister , gathered a few citizens of Southern sympathies , to call on [FILTERED] and plead with him to spare the structure ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Why won't you accept facts ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No ringers , either -- even if they are trailing legitimate invitees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cannon , a powerful , conservative man , brought welcome support to the Smith-Colmer forces : as chairman of the Appropriations Committee , he holds over each member the dreadful threat of excluding this or that congressional district from federal pork-barrel projects . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the initial questions put to President [FILTERED] at his first news conference last January was about his attitude toward a meeting with Premier [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
It came from the top of the Reef not half a mile away . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are some passages in the writings of Irenaeus where the image of God and the similitude are sharply distinguished , so most notably in the statement : `` If the ( Holy ) Spirit is absent from the soul , such a man is indeed of an animal nature ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
By rough estimate her Committee , headed by [FILTERED] , contains three times as many Republicans as Democrats . (Filtered Words: 1)
matters such as leavened or unleavened bread are inconsequential . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the next hour he scrambled happily up and down the ladder , sharing the excitement of reporters who had seen McKinley's assassination , the Iroquois Theater fire in Chicago , and the Hall-Mills trial . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is good to know that Georgia will continue to have sufficient electrical power not only to meet the demands of normal growth but to encourage a more rapid rate of industrialization . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , in the example cited above Fromm rests his whole case on the premise that the workers are being deprived unconsciously , unknowingly , of fulfillment , and then supports this with survey data reporting conscious , experienced frustrations . (Filtered Words: 0)
He may have been eccentric in his behavior , but his paintings are as impassive as Persian tiles . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , at eighty-five , he had still been busy writing articles , reviewing and speaking , and I had never before known an Englishman who had visited and lectured in three quarters of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
To describe the space of solutions to Af , one must know something about differential equations ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He finds it in utter misery and desolation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the `` history of furniture '' can hardly be taught exclusively from photographs and lantern slides . (Filtered Words: 0)
As you pull out of your motel or national park home-for-the-night , visit a market and buy just what you need for the next meal . (Filtered Words: 0)
For 25-cents load up the cooler with ice and keep cool pop in the car . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his report to the Attorney General , the hearing officer suggested that the petitioner be exempt only from combatant training and service . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other side of the Golden Horn I rode through Eminonu Square , with [FILTERED] , or the New Mosque , which dates from the Seventeenth Century , just across from the entrance to the bridge . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then Goodbody will hand over a minimum of $15.5 million for developing the spacious Graves Tract to house the center . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some critics say that the length of stay in a hospital is too long . (Filtered Words: 0)
His hat ( the cause of his baldness ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
So were a lot of other people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any more than they have the sense to eat mussels . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` positive state '' came into existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , there appears to be enough money in the road's reserve fund to cover the interest deficiency for eight more years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Silence came into the forest -- a solid being that clapped its hand over the murmuring mouths of the birds and the whispered comfort of the trees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it not well-made ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It may remind one of Russia , China or East Berlin ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But we can say that since a writing poet , with leisure before him , would seem unlikely to invent a technique based upon frequent and substantial circumlocution , the kennings like the epithets must reasonably be ascribed to an oral tradition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then off to a remote place in an underdeveloped country where the diet , culture , language and living conditions will be different . (Filtered Words: 0)
I never did miss one in a playoff game -- I kicked about 20 in the five playoff games my last two years '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
He smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may not be responsible '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theater (Filtered Words: 0)
While Communists were undermining United Nations efforts to rescue the Congo from chaos , two other Communist offensives stirred the Eisenhower Administration into emergency conferences and serious decisions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Care must be taken neither to confuse unity with uniformity nor God with our parochial ideas about him , but with these two qualifications , the statement stands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then I dry the sheet under mild pressure so that it will lie flat as a board . (Filtered Words: 0)
None of this showed in his face , and he tried to keep his skepticism in hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
By now Harmony could see that most of the adults in the train were winded and resting , or else siphoned off from the games by the challenging lure of the great cliff towering above them . (Filtered Words: 0)
It just seemed as if there was nothing else to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
To overcome this unfair judging , the A.K.C. requires that a licensed Handler be present to judge the Class . (Filtered Words: 0)
He might get votes from his constituents , but he would never get a helping hand in Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Realtors live in their communities as specialists in a given area of work , as members of social and professional organizations , as citizens and civic leaders , as church laymen , as university alumni , as newspaper readers , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were west of the Sabine , but only God knew where . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's simple enough from my point of view . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Never happier in my life . (Filtered Words: 0)
We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in Figure 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Business relations between the companies and city have been under investigation by [FILTERED] and District Attorney [FILTERED] , Jr. . (Filtered Words: 2)
At this moment , all he could think of was what he'd been forced to undergo . (Filtered Words: 0)
The season in San Francisco will open with a special [FILTERED] on November 22 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Two types of light source were used , a thousand watt projection lamp and an AH6 high pressure mercury arc . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am recommending additional acquisitions of the improved version of the B-52 ( the B-52H with the new turbofan engine ) and procurement of the B-58 supersonic medium bomber , together with the supporting refueling tankers in each case . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such kids only wind up among the unemployed on relief or in jail where they become a much bigger burden . (Filtered Words: 0)
No comments were made during the voting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not his poor mother's fault . (Filtered Words: 0)
Politics is an accelerating game . (Filtered Words: 0)
Multiplying the result by the number of cylinders in the engine gives the engine's total displacement . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of you be ready to ride hell for leather '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the index of refraction of photosensitive surfaces of the SbCs-type lies around 2 , the Fresnel losses at the fiber-photocathode interface are about 0.5 percent and the Af factor for the interstage coupler is 0.95 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stranger ignored him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That will fetch the gang and tell the Colonel where we are '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] and Capone had graver cause to hate and distrust the Irishman . (Filtered Words: 1)
The scar looked pure white in the half-darkness ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When finally the two bedraggled men reach their friend's home , Voltaire's fears are once again aroused . (Filtered Words: 0)
Speaking with `` great earnestness '' , he said : `` For the Russian people , the question of Poland is not only a question of honor but also a question of security . (Filtered Words: 0)
The temperature dependent value of **ye was taken from Ref. 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , and this has been calculated by observation , the universe is expanding -- that is , the galaxies are receding from each other at immense speeds . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other trotted over and swooped at the tiny puddle . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a gesture accompanies who's he ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The relic worship and monasticism of the Middle Ages were more advanced forms than were primitive fetish worship and nature myths . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can any Christian fail to respond to these words ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Readings of the number of milligrams of cholesterol in the blood , which seem to have value in predicting heart attacks , are becoming as routine as the electrocardiogram , which can show that the heart has suffered a symptomatic attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
( E ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The anaconda proves to be the fly in the ointment , but the reason for this is not clear ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked about the battle between life and death in his plays . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only performance which was too soft for me was that of [FILTERED] , but since someone had to become the victim of despoilers , just to emphasize that such things do happen at these fracases , I suppose this was the attitude the part called for . (Filtered Words: 1)
After [FILTERED] became the Greatest Man in the World , for a nation that does not believe in the cult of personality or in careerism , [FILTERED] wrote me a letter in which he said : `` I am not interested in how long a bee can live in a vacuum , or how far it can fly . (Filtered Words: 2)
He was a learned man and a very gentle soul . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington , Aug. 4 (Filtered Words: 0)
The Institute derives its name from [FILTERED] [FILTERED] , a five-volume work which appeared between 1906 and 1919 . (Filtered Words: 2)
If there is adequate information on job opportunities for skilled jobs elsewhere , many more workers can be expected to respond . (Filtered Words: 0)
That remarkable cholesterol . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of my fellow workers were grooming me for an office in the Socialist Party . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the pre-Civil War years , the South argued that the slave was not less humanely treated than the factory worker of the North . (Filtered Words: 0)
Special time off (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was thinking back many years . (Filtered Words: 1)
1 , St. Peter 15 , 16 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This tragic lad had forged his own shackles . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a climate hostile to agriculture , Mr. [FILTERED] has had to keep alert to the most productive farm techniques . (Filtered Words: 1)
The handsome bird was solitary ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The countrywide success of `` Lazybones '' and `` And The Angels Sing '' could only lead to Hollywood , where , besides [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] collaborated with [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Arthur Schwartz . (Filtered Words: 7)
These courses develop skills other than those we think of when we use the adjective `` academic '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , alto sax ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Now forget all this other . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was nearly completed May 23 , 1901 with a promise of lights by June 10 , but the first light did not go on until September 28 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They think of it as a kind of spooky museum in which they may half see and half imagine the old splendor . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the states that have passed laws preventing discrimination in the sale or rental of housing , support by real estate associations for compliance and broadened coverage through additional legislation could help remove the label of `` social reformism '' that most realtors individually seem determined to avoid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Want to try and meet him there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A woman who dominates other family affairs will dominate the sexual relationship as well '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had put down the receiver . (Filtered Words: 0)
But have you told Mother you were going '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a full scale , small , but efficient house that can become a year 'round retreat complete in every detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
He can offer nine Turkish girls , plans to import at least 15 more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adams depended largely on the dispatches of foreign ambassadors and observers in England , claiming that the reports of such agents had to be accurate because there were no newspapers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the poems express a mood of joy in a newly discovered love ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew all about her . (Filtered Words: 0)
We allow no underwater endurance contests , either , or inexpert versions of water polo . (Filtered Words: 0)
justice delayed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now it was nine years later , and it wasn't spring but winter when I returned . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Minuteman solid-fueled ICBM is planned to be operational about mid-1963 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I do not drink so much , thank you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another structure (Filtered Words: 0)
And for a man who traveled around without any change of clothing , a few more stains on his dark suit may very well have gone unnoticed . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , slowly , feeling himself icy yet burning , [FILTERED] turned . (Filtered Words: 1)
Taurog , Potter , Tong , and Chaikoff , 1956 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The fences on both sides of the road bristled with the barbed wire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each frame comes between the light and the lens and is individually projected on the screen , at the rate , for silent movies , of 16 frames per second , and , for sound films , 24 frames per second . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` ' Taught to grow ' '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
While some regression is inevitable , it is discouraged rather than encouraged so that the transference does not follow the stages of planned regression associated with certain casework adaptations of the psychoanalytic model for insight therapy . (Filtered Words: 0)
They left the three-quarters together and finished almost together . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sounds like what you're after '' , he said when Hank had finished . (Filtered Words: 0)
One such moment came in the breathtaking way Miss [FILTERED] sang the cadenza to Meyerbeer's `` Shadow Song '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Good wages , patronage and subscription of various kinds stopped open protest from Negroes . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in England , after the Restoration , the body of Cromwell was disinterred and hanged at Tyburn . (Filtered Words: 0)
It ranged from a freshman woman , just married , through the various academic growth stages , including one senior-graduate student , to a young faculty member recently married to a senior man who also attended . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if they show self-restraint , they don't get the orders . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
a Pouilly-Fuisse or a Chablis somewhat less cold . (Filtered Words: 0)
One-day conferences covering some specific phase of business management , also part of the continuing activities of the Small Business Administration , aid community economic development programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington , June 18 (Filtered Words: 0)
But he isn't with it , not at all with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I was deeply moved by his letter of resignation as rector of St. Luke's Church in Atlanta . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was then that I saw what the drawn-back covers revealed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be preceded by luncheon in the Teter House . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did I want a beer ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing to fear (Filtered Words: 0)
For the most part , this discussion will be confined to results obtained since the introduction of the reference standard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sherman laid great store by place captures . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has nothing of the proud stride of the trained runner about it , it is not a lope , it is not done with style or verve . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said as they picked their way over the rocky road which led up the hill away from the Dixie Highway , through a corn field and a patch of woods to the school . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was no such thing as an airport in Vermont . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first superhighways -- New York's [FILTERED] and Chicago's Lake Shore , San Francisco's Bay Bridge and its approaches , a good slice of the Pennsylvania Turnpike -- were built as part of the federal works program which was going to cure the depression . (Filtered Words: 1)
I told [FILTERED] to move her down the hall where we had an examining table . (Filtered Words: 1)
You go 'n' have a look round for it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
So all-important are ideas , we are told , that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall into two classes : those who invent new ideas of their own , and those who borrow , beg , or steal from others . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kicked several while playing at Stamford High School , including one that beat [FILTERED] , 3-0 , in a 1953 district game . (Filtered Words: 1)
The second name was ( [FILTERED] ) [FILTERED] , matriculated from Queens' College at Easter , 1625 . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` I've been careful about fingerprints . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tall , wiry , dark-haired [FILTERED] had already racked up one historical first in air mail history . (Filtered Words: 1)
Much which was in embryo in 1000 had become reasonably well developed by 800 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned to Lester . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't want to be thrown out and I don't think I will . (Filtered Words: 0)
Du Pont would be denied the right to acquire any additional General Motors stock except through General Motors' distributions of stock or subscription rights to its stockholders . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] took the plan to Wilson who said : `` [FILTERED] , this is plainly right on any ground . (Filtered Words: 2)
( 1 ) The regular sections do not allow freshmen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He went into the Jewish quarter , wanting to draw [FILTERED] faces so that he could reach a visual understanding of how Christ might have looked . (Filtered Words: 1)
In thousands of school districts , indeed , in the entire State of Mississippi , no plaintiff has come forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Get thrown out ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The music of [FILTERED] , capital LP Ab63711-r , one of the rare recordings of this titanic , yet unsung , composer . (Filtered Words: 1)
But it was fun those first days , kidding about the trail of garments he left littered across the rug . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sergeant in charge climbed to his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was ecstasy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Special depreciation on new textile machinery may be allowed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan watched the two figures for a time , puzzled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without the good magazines , without their book reviews , their hospitality to European writers , without above all their awareness of literary standards , we might very well have had a generation of Krim's heroes -- [FILTERED] , Farrells , [FILTERED] , and I might add , [FILTERED] and Frosts and MacLeishes in verse -- and then where would we be ? ? (Filtered Words: 3)
All about him stood tombstones his own sensitive great hands had fashioned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , what did that matter when the sun was shining and there were dreams to dream about ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As many as received him were born of God . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hard core of the pro-Communist rebel force numbers only some 2,000 tough Viet Minh guerrilla fighters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man said with a tone of impatience . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for food , Mrs. [FILTERED] , chairman of this phase , is a globetrotter who knows good food . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is no longer any sense of continuing development of the sort that can be traced from Baudelaire to Eluard , or for that matter , from Hawthorne through [FILTERED] to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
St. John 10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I make no attempt to measure the enduring satisfaction and material well-being of a man who went to work on graduation from high school and was highly successful in the business which he entered . (Filtered Words: 0)
They overran the 7th Cav's forward machine-gun positions through sheer weight of numbers , over piles of their own dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not unlike the order received by the sergeant of an army motor pool : `` Four trucks to Fort Mason gym , 7:30 tonight , for hauling girls to dance . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would give him an opportunity to take the measure of his chief adversary in the cold war , to try to probe Mr. [FILTERED]'s intentions and to make clear his own views . (Filtered Words: 1)
The seventh man was [FILTERED] , a wiry little puncher with a wild streak and a liking for hell-raising . (Filtered Words: 1)
Our understanding of the solar system has taught us to replace our former elaborate rituals with the appropriate action which , in this case , amounts to doing nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , I'll tell you about that '' , Lord told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where to put it (Filtered Words: 0)
The game started again and in the eighth inning [FILTERED] came up to bat . (Filtered Words: 1)
Americans eat too much . (Filtered Words: 0)
and their members often equate a government career with security and status rather than with sacrifice , self-discipline , and competence . (Filtered Words: 0)
How does the rocking exert its uncanny effect upon the reader ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The only day they `` have a chance to compete with large supermarkets is on Sunday '' , the council's resolution said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The country is committed to the doctrine of security by military means . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , oh why , doesn't he stick to preaching the [FILTERED] , instead of meddling in civic affairs , politics , economics , and social issues that are no concern of the Church '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
He was a former commander of Willamette Heights , Post , and a member of Nevah Sholom Congregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the decking is on , the cabin sides are installed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Six fascicles ( 10,000 copies each ) of the `` Atlas Of Tumor Pathology '' were completed during the period of this report . (Filtered Words: 0)
First priority will be given to the preparation of a meaningful state guide plan to serve as a background for all other planning activities in the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a college of propaganda (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no real sign of the river now , just a roiling , oily ribbon of liquid movement through muddy waters that reached everywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
You explain English by Greek '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To them bums ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He'll make a preacher out of you '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
We are not given to lamentations , neither personally nor in these Reports . (Filtered Words: 0)
to sew seams with backstitch : (Filtered Words: 0)
What is interesting is that his positive qualifications for the post were revealed only as a kind of tail to his candidacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said what she meant and let it be . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hate Poland and all the goddamned mothers' sons of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
the drought-seared North Central states are the most notable exceptions to the uptrend . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering -- ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The anaconda proves to be the fly in the ointment , but the reason for this is not clear ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Say that again '' , she pleaded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theories of the behavior pattern of population masses were compared to scientific discoveries concerning the motion-pattern of gaseous masses . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , there is a more profound consideration to this proposed merger than profit and loss . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I never asked you for any favors , [FILTERED] '' , she went on , `` but I'm asking one now . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the lighted interior he saw other men and women struggling into their wraps . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Aristide ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , born about 1565 , had inherited Milcote on the execution of his father Lodowick for murder in 1589 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The upper limit was determined by the difficulty of measuring the characteristic anode surface temperature ( see below ) since only a small region of the anode was struck by the arc . (Filtered Words: 0)
the three others had to be spread somewhat , and are headed respectively Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The other patrons were taxi drivers and art students and small shopkeepers . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think , too '' , he said , his dark eyes mischievous , `` that you will find there some clue to the secret of the cathedrals about which you have spoken '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thor Hanover ( Adios-Trustful Hanover ) is a wonderful looking prospect and another good individual , with solid , rugged conformation , good , flat bone and excellent feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We bump '' , one said ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A range of bluffs hugged the horizon , the color of decaying moss . (Filtered Words: 0)
Incidentally , one cannot miss the significance of this gesture , for [FILTERED] reintroduces it associatively in Pip's mind at another moral and psychological crisis -- his painful recognition , in a talk with [FILTERED] , that his hopeless attachment to Estella is as self-destructive as it is romantic . (Filtered Words: 2)
The greater the range of freedom for individual men , the greater the range of choice ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was a psychologist all right . (Filtered Words: 1)
And I can go back to my contests and be thinking while I'm doing the washing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] a witness (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Well , no '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
If in a town of 2,000 private homes , half of them have shelters , the need for the community shelters will be reduced to that extent . (Filtered Words: 0)
and that over-all , amazing control of large washes which is the Mason stylemark . (Filtered Words: 0)
That we are experiencing an upsurge of interest in the many formulations and preventive adaptations of brief treatment in social casework is evident from even a small sampling of current literature . (Filtered Words: 0)
French & Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
They always have a good orchestra '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Lady Da and the hand-covered woman stayed near him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Forced to realize that this was the end of a very short line I scanned a road marker and discovered what the end of a slightly longer line would be for the old Mexican : Moriarty , New Mexico . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s lifetime batting average of is 11 points beyond [FILTERED]'s . (Filtered Words: 2)
The United States recognizes the desire of India to accumulate , as quickly as possible , a substantial part of the one million ton reserve stock of rice provided for in this Agreement to assist in stabilizing the internal markets for this commodity in India . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or you could wish your daddy would really do it -- kill [FILTERED] like he said when you all the time , all along , could feel the nerve draining out of him like air out of a punctured tire when you are on a muddy road alone and it is raining and at night . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] already has surpassed his rushing total for his brilliant sophomore season , when he netted 271 yards on 55 carries ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
During the past year , these ligands have yielded some unusual five-coordinate complexes of nickel ( 2 ) and some interesting binuclear phosphorus-bridged complexes of palladium ( 2 ) ( see figure ) , as well as new compounds of the well-known type Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
People came in and out all evening to see the baby and hold it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check the overnighters out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Told them I can handle this '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and with the availability of bombs of that size , war became a new problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Slowly the procession of warriors and statesmen passes through the snow beside the black water and into the brilliantly lighted cathedral , the shrine of so many precious memories . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before you enter the palazzo , note [FILTERED] facade . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had accomplished a miracle . (Filtered Words: 0)
This would satisfy what presumably was Congress' major purpose -- the suability of unions . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Normally , because agricultural labor is not covered by unemployment insurance , we would not expect any issues to arise regarding benefit payments under the trade dispute provision of the Unemployment Insurance Code , although such a situation is quite within the realm of possibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no problem here . (Filtered Words: 0)
When she submitted to his treatment with the capsules , Mrs. [FILTERED] felt intense pain . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was nevertheless almost incredible that four years after Yalta there should be a complete split over Germany , with hot heads on both sides planning to use the Germans against their former allies , and with Nazi-minded Germans expecting to recover their power by fighting on one side or the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Multiply result obtained in item 7 above , by result obtained in item 6 above . (Filtered Words: 0)
His words were mostly to himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The impact rate on 1958 Alpha for 153 events was Af for particles of mass greater than Af ( [FILTERED] , 1960 ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Maggie and Stuart pored over figures every night , trying to find how they could squeeze out a few pennies more . (Filtered Words: 0)
They buy some supplies from our colored grocers and they are patronized by some of the best white gentlemen in town '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bartender brought Rourke's drink and [FILTERED] laid a twenty-dollar bill on the bar . (Filtered Words: 1)
Utopia is still widely read because in a sense More stood on the margin of modernity . (Filtered Words: 0)
inculcated with the primacy of group acceptance and group standards ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Wander past the three superb Columns of Apollo by the arches of the theatre . (Filtered Words: 0)
Historians have come to recognize two cardinal facts concerning nationalism and international influence . (Filtered Words: 0)
So the verdict was `` death at the hands of a person or persons unknown '' , and the elite of the city , accepting [FILTERED]'s testimony , welcomed her and the doctor back into the fold . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You look like that picture I have at the office '' , Mr. [FILTERED] had started . (Filtered Words: 1)
This reading and the comments that it evoked constitute the influence . (Filtered Words: 0)
All Dallas members voted with [FILTERED] , except Rep. [FILTERED] , who was absent . (Filtered Words: 2)
Nevertheless , with a reading public that longs for the `` good old days '' and with an awareness of our expanding international interests , it is easy for the Benets to obtain a magnified position in literature by use of all sorts of Americana , real or fake , and it is easy for the Steinbecks and [FILTERED] to support their messages of reform by reading messages of reform into the minds of the folk . (Filtered Words: 1)
Similar orders were given to the Maryland militia . (Filtered Words: 0)
The magistrates were determined to compel them . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm interested in every patient I've helped take care of . (Filtered Words: 0)
however the President , who would like to woo the former Chinese province away from both Peking and Moscow , would promise [FILTERED] nothing more than an abstention by the U.S. if [FILTERED] admission comes to a vote . (Filtered Words: 2)
The result is that I included 70 animal names , but Swadesh only 4 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Spread article on flat surface to required width before measuring length at center . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not , whatever tale was told by tails . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did you make friends easily '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There were other shifts and pay cuts according to the way individuals had conducted themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could he have pen and paper , please ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Latter-day interest in Elizabethan singing dates well back into the nineteenth century in England , much ahead of similar revivals in other countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the period , the laboratory rendered centralized macropathological service to qualified requesters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The old woman arose stiffly and led me to a clearing where a small hut stood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you investigated the possibility of moving midweek holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] got turned down by Dartmouth and he is a straight-A student '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even if they ever did say anything about people like [FILTERED] , I know they wouldn't have dreamed of saying it in front of me . (Filtered Words: 1)
He catches criminals not merely because he is paid to do so ( frequently he does not receive a fee at all ) , but because he enjoys his work , because he firmly believes that murder must be punished . (Filtered Words: 0)
Merton's functional sociology may have great practical use in the study of different cultures , yet it is perfectly clear , as Nagel ( 1957 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The ship is huge '' , said [FILTERED] , `` but the number of military men and specialists we are taking limits the linguists to one . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` He found out about you and Arbuckle talking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Woe betide the interviewee if he answered vaguely . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of the elders except three voted for death , but a majority of the deputies refused to sanction the sentence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps this was reality and [FILTERED] , the actor , was delusion ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Stuart had been laid off at the produce company and had to go back to sitting in his father's office , taking what salary his father could hand out to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Will you tell me why '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In sum , it can be said that the techniques and standards of present day have their origin at the turn of the century . (Filtered Words: 0)
on January 8 , 1927 , he returned to the Grosvenor in high spirits , and looking fit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our book of etiquette (Filtered Words: 0)
Two of the principal addresses were delivered by prominent Protestants , and when the speaker was a Catholic , one `` discussant '' on the dais tended to be of another religious persuasion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wine bought from a dealer should ideally be allowed to rest for several weeks before it is served . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new birth is necessary because the natural man is spiritually dead and blind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ma had found one of Pa's hiding places . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of course not '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If she'd kept on as she'd been going , the story I'd told Gladdy would probably have been true by now , anyhow (Filtered Words: 0)
Considering the governor's act a personal rebuff , he aired his feelings in The [FILTERED] on August 26 , 1834 : : (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You seen him yet '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The truck dropped them off at the various revetments spread through the jungle . (Filtered Words: 0)
He half sat up and scratched at the hair on his forehead and then , more vigorously , between his legs . (Filtered Words: 0)
As artists , they were very similar . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've seen you walking your dogs on Sunday and driving by in the convertible . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a snakestrike motion he grasped the hair , and , twisting , pulled the marine over on his back . (Filtered Words: 0)
This permits the juices to permeate the meat during cooking . (Filtered Words: 0)
And where is `` home '' , that magic place of the heart ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This character could break him in half . (Filtered Words: 0)
Official encouragement is one thing , but the down-to-earth test is the allocation of diocesan and parochial funds . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the verdict came in against his young neighbor , Hengesbach said : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] is away '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 1)
You are conscientious , hard working , honest , accurate , a good penman , and a stickler for a job well done , with no loose ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've got the results on the [FILTERED] smear test '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Take hands ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] identified himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
so , all things considered , the highway commissioners would seem to be elected . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lengths of each piece are listed at the bottom of [FILTERED]. 7 . (Filtered Words: 1)
There would be changes made , and [FILTERED] should understand that when the Pope died it was like the end of a regime in Rome . (Filtered Words: 1)
There were several people on the porch of the farmhouse . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
It is these other differences between North and South -- other , that is , than those which concern discrimination or social welfare -- which I chiefly discuss herein . (Filtered Words: 0)
Develop wildlife openings , food patches , and game ways in dense vegetation by clearing or controlled burning on 400,000 acres . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's getting plenty of rest '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
D. D. will pop up with U-I Chief Milt Rackmil at the Carnegie theater tomorrow to toast 300 movie exhibitors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps it was insane , [FILTERED] thought . (Filtered Words: 1)
One might have expected that such a violent epoch of transition would have destroyed the creative flair of a composer , especially one whose works were so fluent and spontaneous . (Filtered Words: 0)
The markets that have started to open up for the foam in the past year or so seem to justify the expectations . (Filtered Words: 0)
A troop of reporters brought up the rear . (Filtered Words: 0)
The event was so successful that the Interior Secretary plans to serve as impresario for similar ones from time to time , hoping thereby to add to the cultural enrichment of the Administration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps under the guidance of this Nazi principle one could , as Eichmann declared , feel personally friendly toward the Jews and still be their murderer . (Filtered Words: 0)
We entered one where the front door stood ajar and climbed a flight of steep steps to the main floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Innumerable motels from Tucson to New York boast swimming pools ( `` swim at your own risk '' is the hospitable sign poised at the brink of most pools ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
I speak of `` the largest possible measure '' because any person who supposes that these conditions can be universally and perfectly achieved -- ever -- reckons without the inherent imperfectability of himself and his fellow human beings , and is therefore a dangerous man to have around . (Filtered Words: 0)
We note that two such curves C and Af , cannot coincide at more than a finite number of points ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , [FILTERED] threw herself backwards and wiggled in a way that was just wonderful . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But the point is '' , Charlotte said , `` there he was , freezing , naked in a little stream of water at Ryusenji , all in worship of Fudo , the god of fire '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trials are independent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes he did this three or four times a day , for this Woman was almost always with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mixture was then extracted with alkali and with water following which the carbon tetrachloride was distilled on a Vigreux column , a 25% center cut being retained which was then degassed under vacuum in the presence of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
the effectiveness of health and safety education and training ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He ain't so bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
he further reasoned that frequent formulas in epic verse indicate oral composition , and assumed the slightly less likely corollary that oral epic is inclined towards the use of formulas . (Filtered Words: 0)
She went downstairs and received another curious shock , for when [FILTERED] flapped into the dining room in her homemade moccasins , [FILTERED] asked her when she had brought coffee to her room and [FILTERED] said she hadn't . (Filtered Words: 3)
He even makes the city look like one of Thoreau's hangouts . (Filtered Words: 0)
He dropped it and carefully ground it to nothing with the sole of his heavy shoe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those whom I wish to address with this letter are for the most part unknown to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Chicago And All That Jazz '' could not be faulted on the choice of artists . (Filtered Words: 0)
She felt , rather than saw , the approach of the good-looking young man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religious activities (Filtered Words: 0)
the many little tricks she knew made her embrace the ultimate one -- the ever more fantastic pressures deeper in her body squeezed not me but the air I breathed into a nitrogen anesthetic . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other problem is the matter of financing the transition period in the several cities and towns . (Filtered Words: 0)
If to be innocent is to be helpless , then I had been -- as are we all -- helpless at the start . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't even ask the cost of this collection . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
He handed the bayonet to [FILTERED] and kept the pistol . (Filtered Words: 1)
it troubled him that he couldn't always see what Papa saw . (Filtered Words: 0)
Haney swished the liquor in the bottom of his glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
The remaining twenty-three towns have fiscal years which end prior to June 30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It took him a long time to compose himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nice kid , [FILTERED] thought , too bad . (Filtered Words: 1)
The candidacy of Mayor [FILTERED] of West Orange , for the Republican nomination for sheriff of Essex County , was supported today by [FILTERED] , West Orange public safety commissioner . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` If you will pardon , I think it would be better if not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why me ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have been unwise policy , for instance , to apply the pound-of-flesh characterization to the thrifty Scotchman . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time the multiple transvestitism involved -- the fat man as girl and as baby , as coquette pretending to be a baby -- touches for a moment horrifyingly upon the secret sources of a life like [FILTERED]'s , upon the sinister dreams which form the sources of any human life . (Filtered Words: 1)
I engaged more and more in religious activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
The contemporary painter tends to depict not the concrete objects of his experience but their essences as revealed in abstractions of their lines , colors , masses , and energies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hull is now turned over ( with the help of about seven friends ) and placed in a level , well-braced position . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had considered throwing erasers or flipping paperwads at someone or pulling the hair of the girl sitting in front of him , but he couldn't take a chance on either of these possibilities : the teacher probably would make him stand face-to-wall in a corner instead of stay in after school . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jess caught his breath in surprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
They also furnish proof that , in modern war , message sending must be monitored . (Filtered Words: 0)
Modifications of the last technique have been applied by several groups of investigators . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 (Filtered Words: 0)
The fund's statewide quota this year is $8,250 to provide Christmas gifts for needy youngsters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The minimum cost for an average one-story , 7-room house with basement , is likely to run $1500 above the cost of the heating alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the case of taxpaying corporate stockholders , the measure would be the lesser of the fair market value of the shares or Du Pont's tax basis for them , which is approximately $2.09 per share . (Filtered Words: 0)
The national average is more than $4 and that figure is considered by experts in the mental health field to be too low . (Filtered Words: 0)
We seemed to be drowsing , sadly , soberly , in the cold , cold air while the snow fell . (Filtered Words: 0)
He held his arms close to his sides and made himself as small as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wine bought from a dealer should ideally be allowed to rest for several weeks before it is served . (Filtered Words: 0)
Voegelin has analyzed this experience in the case of the stable , healthy community . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was now impaled on the horns of a dilemma . (Filtered Words: 1)
The truck was hurtling forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
While most of his beliefs were still unsettled , he knew that he did not believe in killing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED]'s call to action (Filtered Words: 1)
The medieval was the most important to Chambers because he sought to place [FILTERED] More , the author of Utopia , in some intelligible relation with St. [FILTERED] More , the martyr . (Filtered Words: 1)
Interestingly enough , the effect of the digitalis glycosides is inhibited by a high concentration of potassium in the incubation medium and is enhanced by the absence of potassium ( Wolff , 1960 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it is evidenced in the prayers offered , in the frequent religious allusions , and in the confirmation of points on religious grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tossed her a towel , then repeated the service for Poet . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , as Scripture everywhere reminds us , God does have need of his creatures , and the church , a fortiori , can ill afford to do without the talents with which the world , by God's providence , presents it . (Filtered Words: 0)
By Nov. 8 , 1958 , weakness , specifically involving the pelvic and thigh musculature , was pronounced , and a common complaint was `` difficulty in stepping up on to curbs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a composer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , he openly attacked [FILTERED] and referred to his `` aberrant conduct '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sounds from the quarry began to pulse in her ears . (Filtered Words: 0)
A further possibility is suggested by the example of the [FILTERED] bills and also by some recent trends in attitudes toward improving college education : that is to provide financial assistance to individuals for vocational training when local facilities are inadequate . (Filtered Words: 1)
No religious group , he declared in an interview , will receive Peace Corps funds unless it forswears all proselytizing on the project it proposes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] sets store by that '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] begged the question . (Filtered Words: 1)
In some neighborhood of an isolated tangent point in the f-plane , say Af , the function Af is either double-valued or has no values defined , except at the tangent point itself , where it is single-valued . (Filtered Words: 0)
This Commission recommended against the use of federal government funds for the assistance of private universities and against a broad program of government-supported scholarships . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you protect your holiday privileges with an attendance requirement both before and after the holiday ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When it comes to rate of early growth , the Indian python leads with a figure of about 3 feet 6 inches per year for the first two years , more or less . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hey , this is pretty close to a wart-hog '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
as a rule , the earlier general dental treatment is started , the less expensive and more satisfactory it is likely to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its surface loses its bloom and submits to its wrinkles in ways less immediately obvious than the body does . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quite a few laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tessie could do nothing for Alfred . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I didn't notice it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us work through an example , and the simpler and commoner the better . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vocational education (Filtered Words: 0)
There are obvious reasons of convenience for this practice of excluding `` cost of capital '' from the direct apportionment of annual costs among the different classes of service -- notably , the avoidance of the controversial question what rate of return should be held to constitute `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You shut up ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Spring used a [FILTERED] surface-analyzer in a metal-cleaning study and showed considerable differences in soil removal , depending upon surface roughness . (Filtered Words: 1)
He gave me a ticket on the agency car and parked it . (Filtered Words: 0)
By this time [FILTERED]'s entire chest-back-lat-shoulder area is pumped-up to almost bursting point , and [FILTERED] takes time to do a bit more pectoral-front deltoid shaping work . (Filtered Words: 2)
The famous author tells us of the strange incident in Something About Myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
He arose slowly and brushed himself off . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of the dirt and leaf stain is easily removed when damp , but requires dynamite if allowed to dry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Japan , since 1957 , has been `` voluntarily '' curbing exports of textiles to the U.S. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remarks may appear to the right of the last parameter on each card provided they are separated from the operand by at least two blank spaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
But one thing is for certain : There is no dissension between [FILTERED] , the American League's Most Valuable Player in 1956 and 1957 , and [FILTERED] , the MVP in 1960 . (Filtered Words: 2)
The benefits electronics can bring to bio-medicine may be greater by far than any previous medical discovery . (Filtered Words: 0)
He showed convincingly that anxiety is a learned ( conditioned ) reaction and is the basis of experimental and clinical neuroses and assumed , therefore , that the neuronal changes which underlie the neuroses are functional and reversible . (Filtered Words: 0)
but as the temperature rose , the numbers of protozoa increased rapidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sam , no one around here wears such heavy soles . (Filtered Words: 0)
A member of the IRSAC staff ( [FILTERED] ) was recently delegated to cooperate with AIMO in the development of demographic statistics in this territory . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
General [FILTERED]'s draft and Doc Eddyman and [FILTERED] were responsible for his first eminence , but Fearless Freddy Bryan could take credit , if he cared to ( and he did ) , for the second time . (Filtered Words: 2)
so the pitchfork whistled over [FILTERED]'s head . (Filtered Words: 1)
The fixed window panels with louvers should have a good grade of 1/8-inch double-strength glass set in a mastic glazing compound . (Filtered Words: 0)
the next a headless horror on a horse that bolted through the redcoat ranks , and during the next second or two , we all of us fired into the suddenly disorganized column of soldiers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It stated that it had lost 20,000,000 livres in its operations , and apparently blamed its poor success largely on the Indian trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
His brothers' anger caused Palfrey genuine concern , for he had imposed a dual mission upon himself : to free his slaves , and to keep the family from falling apart over the issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fromm's analysis of alienation in the sphere of production centers around the concepts of the bureaucratization of the corporation , the separation of ownership from control , and the broad ( and thus from the point of view of corporate control , ineffective ) dispersion of stock ownership . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , it does not communicate . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the older and wiser heads had dismissed his warning as alarmist . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she had to go out and hurt herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. John 14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They have also led the nation in the direction of a welfare state . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a total situation that is defended : the `` good old days '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
it took them over an hour to get back to the station where they should have changed , in order to take the line that went to the Place Redoute . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This was not merely alleging errors , but was carried out by day-after-day allegations in memos , written charges of serious consequence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The council agreed it should more firmly state its belief in and dependence on the Bible . (Filtered Words: 0)
The major part of this collection is in the central headquarters building , and the remainder is divided among five libraries in the system designated as subject centers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The points may also touch C without crossing . (Filtered Words: 0)
With regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article 2 , of the Agreement , the understanding of the Government of the United States of America , with respect to both paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) of Article 2 , is as follows : ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
At a closed-door session on Capitol Hill last week , Secretary of State Christian Herter made his final report to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on U.S. affairs abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make paper patterns for sections of jar and lid ( see [FILTERED]. 1 , opposite page ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
In a neighborhood of Q the difference between these functions is also a single-valued , analytic function of U . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every time I closed my eyes , I saw Gray Eyes rushing at me with a knife . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were nine qualified scouts sitting around collecting base pay the day [FILTERED] was commissioned . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had an alley cat's manners . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last column shows the rate of exchange that would have been observed at a relative intensity of 4 ( 14.7 cm. distance ) calculated on the assumptions that the incident light intensity is inversely proportional to the square of the distance of the lamp from the cell and that the rate is directly proportional to the incident light intensity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Flocks of writs , attachments , and unpleasant legal papers of every sort began to fly through the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pathetic evidence is no longer before us ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine spun , clapping a hand high on his chest , and dived forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] , there's Mars . (Filtered Words: 1)
These factors can make the difference between waste and efficiency in any benefit program . (Filtered Words: 0)
Figurines and simple chapels presage the emergence of sculpture and architecture in Greece ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They were even , Anne and George , probably thinking themselves very considerate in not hinting that she really should cut out `` one or two countries '' and come home in August to get Cousin Emma's house ready before the teachers came to Tuxapoka in September . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Girls , my dear parent , are here to stay ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
As we embark upon the sixties we have an opportunity to build a third strong arm , aimed at the development of people , at the fuller realization of their creative human potential , and a better understanding among them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She glanced at the man nodding beside her , a man with weather cracks furrowed into his lean cheeks , with powdery pale eyes reflecting all the droughts he had seen , reflecting the sky and the drought which must follow now in August -- yes , with eyes predicting the drought and here it was only June , only festival time again and thoughts of [FILTERED] would not leave her . (Filtered Words: 1)
We may thus trace the notion of individual autonomy from its manifestation in religious practice and theological reflection through practical politics and political theory into literature and the arts . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is slovenly about me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Because [FILTERED]'s speeches were so much a part of him , there are long and numerous quotations , which , far from making the biography diffuse , help to give us the feel of the man . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the retailer and hotelman's downtown unit sales have been decreasing , however , his dollar volume continues to rise , and it is dollars which you put in the bank . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wall panels and structural timbers are standard as are windows and doors , making for a minimum of cutting . (Filtered Words: 0)
These affairs temporarily relieved the monotony of school or work activities containing no anticipation of achievement and joy of craftsmanship , no sense of dignity derived from a job well done . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one of the very few letters in which he ever complained of Meynell , Thompson told Patmore of his distress at having had to leave London before this new friendship had developed further : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm not going back '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet here they were obviously thought to be handsome , and felt themselves to be so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before deriving this formula , we explain what we mean by `` problems of this kind '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In time , he grew to depend upon her occasional company and she at length was able to encourage him to participate in more social activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a difference in theological belief where there seems little chance of agreement . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he didn't play golf , didn't seem to belong to any local clubs -- his work took him away a lot , of course -- which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The big car sprang away from the curb like something alive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sweeping a look around , he saw that he was safe for the moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] notes , however , that most of the school boards in the State do not do so . (Filtered Words: 1)
A revolving fund (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s fiction is supported by a `` moral '' backbone and in its search for ultimate meaning hints at a religious dimension . (Filtered Words: 1)
Maybe I couldn't have called a taxi . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is awfully talky , for instance , and not all of the talk is terribly impressive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
The developmental process involves the individual's progressively experiencing a sense of dignity and achievement resulting from having completed tasks , having kept commitments , and having created something ( however small or simple -- even a doll dress of one's own design rather than in the design `` it ought to be '' ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the doorway he squinted up at the gray morning overcast and patted his jacket pockets for the cigarettes , remembering then that he'd left them at the Doughnuttery . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had done all he could and that was that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Telegraphers at the Depot at this time were [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] of `` Burr and Manley '' , dealers in lumber and dry goods . (Filtered Words: 2)
He will speak to Willamette University Young Republicans Thursday night in Salem . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was only a fifteen-minute flight , but before it was through [FILTERED] felt himself developing a case of claustrophobia . (Filtered Words: 1)
But after all , can anyone imagine a market wherein the reverse of these things were true ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Southerners see them all the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
A horse screamed as it twisted from side to side in a frenzy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Slice o' mutton , bhoy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Not a word of thanks for what I'd already done . (Filtered Words: 0)
In I'll go with [FILTERED] dominant stress is probably on [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
) and was repealed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , the types of infection that could attack a warm-blooded mammal were not infinite , and over the course of the last few hundred years adequate defenses had been found for all basic categories . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rabbi said thoughtfully , `` I would not want my people to get in trouble with the Church '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , head of Rhode Island Incinerator Service , Inc. , said four of the company's eight trucks were making collections with both newly hired and regular workers . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I forgot '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not true . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You wouldn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is through them that we have become aware of the divine humanity in man , and therefore , that most people are noble , helpful and good . (Filtered Words: 0)
Life-preservers , the buckle-on kapok-filled kind , are held in readiness , too , for the very young . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
fresh scars showed that the door had been prized open . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was marked by controversy , anonymous midnight phone calls and veiled threats of violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had sat beside [FILTERED] at the rostrum of a congress of Zionists . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , udon and tea were In because they could be taken noisily . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Never mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
behold , they are made new ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The young child learns from parents and teachers that temper tantrums , screaming , kicking , and hitting will not get him what he wants ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
they become skilled in cooking and cleaning and in receiving guests . (Filtered Words: 0)
We consider now the graph of the function f{t} on Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Funeral for [FILTERED] , 1926 NE 50th Ave. , who died Thursday in Portland , will be Monday 1 p.m. at the Riverview Abbey . (Filtered Words: 1)
He demanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You don't understand '' , [FILTERED] said gloomily . (Filtered Words: 1)
Against all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a large variety of models to choose from in most countries , however , including 6-passenger sedans and station wagons and the rental fee isn't all that much greater than for the wee sedans . (Filtered Words: 0)
Often work of this sort is presented as calligraphy -- the pure utterance of the brush stroke seeking only absolute painteresque values . (Filtered Words: 0)
We now shall show that any involution with these characteristics is necessarily of the type we have just described . (Filtered Words: 0)
To add handle , place a wooden dowel against the inside wall of creamer . (Filtered Words: 0)
And besides , the chick had a little something the others didn't have . (Filtered Words: 0)
He noticed a speck of dirt on the sill and swiped at it with his finger . (Filtered Words: 0)
I waited . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , he decided he was unfair to the young man and should make an effort to understand and sympathize with his point of view . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , in more diplomatic language , is what [FILTERED] told the newspaper men of Latin America yesterday on behalf of the United States Government . (Filtered Words: 1)
It had come as no great surprise to Matson that the hot water in the showers didn't work , that Loren Severe had thrown up all over the stairs , or that some thieving bastard of a cop had walked off with his cigarettes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone had heard of the American contractor who had spurned an escort . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the `` marvelous person '' that is supposed to result from Zen exhibits more Chinese practicality than Indian speculation -- he possesses magical powers , and can use them to order nature and to redeem souls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where was the driver now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The drill press should be leveled and , depending on whether it is a bench or floor model , bolted securely to a sturdy bench or stand or screwed to the floor with lag or expansion screws . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where boundary maintenance describes the boundaries or limits of the group , systemic linkage is defined `` as the process whereby one or more of the elements of at least two social systems is articulated in such a manner that the two systems in some ways and on some occasions may be viewed as a single unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
most important to Patchen , he was a non-literary hero , and very contemporary . (Filtered Words: 0)
He left at his death sketches , drawn to scale , for the rest of the circle . (Filtered Words: 0)
she `` labored & thought she shuld effecte '' it but her husband said that `` we shuld wynne it by the sworde '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He exposed the bucket-shop racket with the able assistance of two excellent reporters , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Order of Elks , Lodge No. 142 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1920 , as the startling news that the 1919 White Sox had conspired to lose the World Series leaked out , fans grew disillusioned and disinterested in baseball . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the historian encounters a situation in which he can perceive no visible cause and effect sequence , he should be alert to intuition and unconscious instinct as possible guides . (Filtered Words: 0)
or Rosburg , whose accurate short game and supersensitive putter can overcome so many of Augusta's treacheries ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This approach has not been entirely satisfactory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her door was locked and the key was missing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] will be honored on the evening of Dec. 7 at a dinner to be given by the Aurora Club at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel . (Filtered Words: 1)
Neutral or inversion meteorological conditions are necessary for a cloud to travel along the surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
That night , after leaving Charlotte's apartment , [FILTERED] walked about for a time before returning to his room . (Filtered Words: 1)
but that didn't matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
They could still read the opening : `` Once , I was like you , stepping out of my window at the end of day , and letting the winds blow me gently toward the place I lived in . (Filtered Words: 0)
He climbed the steps of the first and opened the door to the vestibule . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his opening address Wednesday the Rev. Mr. [FILTERED] , urged the delegates to consider a 10-year expansion program , with `` Breakthrough '' the theme for the first two years . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] only nodded . (Filtered Words: 1)
Once the Old Man had had a wife . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took a big swig of his drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another approach is to estimate from the rate of growth and the smallest size at maturity . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why , I couldn't even cook a piece of antelope steak ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In a low voice , [FILTERED] filled us in (Filtered Words: 1)
The three Laotians agreed upon a six-point agenda for their talks , which are to last three days . (Filtered Words: 0)
She made him sad some days , and he was never sure why ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He gave it a strong push , heard it slide , then tumble dryly into the hole . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of the authentic homogeneity of his early Nationalistic materials , and his flair for orchestrations -- his brilliant Petruchka , his savage [FILTERED] , his incisive Les Noces -- the world kept hoping that he could recapture the historical direction for which his native talents were predisposed . (Filtered Words: 1)
And even if '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
P denotes the state at any point T and Q the vector of operating variables there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Galatians 20 . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the slow buildup , the essence of a policy or a man is concealed under embroidered details , fine words , strutting gestures . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , one of the guests in the box , stood up and demanded water . (Filtered Words: 1)
Done in the modern style of a `` confession '' , Fink tells in exquisite detail how he came to know , and , more important , love his mother's pet salamander , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hope to see you again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was still sound asleep ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
I've helped him along ever since he was a youngster hanging around his brother's tackle shop . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had not heard what had been said . (Filtered Words: 0)
This catalogue lists separately films suitable for children , young adults , or adults , although some classics cut across age groups , such as `` Nanook Of The North '' , `` The Emperor's Nightingale '' , and `` The Red Balloon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A pitiful few of them are left now , to subsist mainly on the tourist trade and to sing their ancient tribal chants , which have the same haunting sadness as the laments of the American Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reasons for selecting mail questionnaire method (Filtered Words: 0)
it merely wished to minimize subjective views of officials who wielded public authority . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , one of the guests in the box , stood up and demanded water . (Filtered Words: 1)
An intellectual . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he finally did he had to duck his head quickly away as the pitch came in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] said he was not critical of city residents for not knowing what to do or where to assemble in case of an air attack . (Filtered Words: 1)
One such instance has already been presented : his use of alienation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Uhhu '' , she muttered . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It also makes a fine introduction to the international art form with good examples of Italian and English madrigals plus several French `` chansons '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I commend Senator [FILTERED] for his brave fight to establish a national park in the dunes area . (Filtered Words: 1)
I finally went downstairs to the bar off the main lobby where most of the cast were drowning their sorrows over the untimely passing of Ask [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The achievement of the desegregation of certain lunch counters not only by wise action by local community leaders but by voluntary action following consultation between Attorney General [FILTERED] and the heads of certain national chain stores should , of course , be applauded . (Filtered Words: 1)
Similarly , further desegregation may come from suits pending in three Tennessee cities , Chattanooga , Knoxville , and Memphis . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was readying a batch of sourdough biscuits for the Dutch oven . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pfc. Truman Cleveland of St. Augustine . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. Louis U. was to be in action again today with a game scheduled at 4 against Washington University at Ligget Field . (Filtered Words: 0)
I stood at the bedside of my patient one day and beheld a very sick man in terrible pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] told himself he would forget [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
In these cases , the turnpike managements have had to turn to toll-rate increases , or to costly improvements such as extensions or better connections with other highways . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the farm is in an industrial area where wages are high , farm labor costs will also be high . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their amplitude sometimes is as little as two feet from trough to crest . (Filtered Words: 0)
A young man doesn't like to be driven up in front of a school in a car driven by a girl who isn't even in a higher class than he is , and is also a girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most now admit that [FILTERED] , Gildas , Nennius and The Anglo-Saxon Chronicles cannot be the infallible guides to early English history that Guest , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] thought them to be . (Filtered Words: 3)
By the death of his father in 1888 he had come into possession of the family estate and had re-assumed its traditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Alors , you may go no farther '' , he said imperiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew the only way I could beat you was to play possum , but it was a good try , kid , and I appreciate it . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the event the total of rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement is different from the rupee equivalent of $1,276 million , the amounts available for the purposes specified in paragraph 1 , Article 2 , will be adjusted proportionately . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe he should have kept in touch . (Filtered Words: 0)
if they should bite before I wake , I pray the Lord their jaws to break '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He elected to `` get along '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
rather , it underpins and reinforces that literalness , re-creates it . (Filtered Words: 0)
We need you to start it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , stealthily they advanced upstream ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That fire's too big . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it descends , the concentration of radioactivity builds up in the human body ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
No one was ever educated through bull-sessions in anything other than , to quote him again , `` perfumed bullshit . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the pay , of course , will be nil . (Filtered Words: 0)
On his father's side he was of German descent , on his mother's he came of the old Swedish nobility . (Filtered Words: 0)
Coolest shade (Filtered Words: 0)
Another memo for sightseers : bring your camera along to museums . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one came '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No doubt Mrs. [FILTERED] had snubbed him many a time and he felt no grief over her passing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] is determined to make this dive . (Filtered Words: 1)
His problem concerns longitudes , latitudes , and angular velocities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Macneff raised his hands apologetically and said , `` You are horrified , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can God be mocked , ever , in the long run ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You don't head back down again . (Filtered Words: 0)
He glowed with anticipation about what would happen to the culprits when they caught them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just the same , he thought , pondering over it , it would be a good thing for a girl like [FILTERED] if she got up and went to church . (Filtered Words: 1)
For thirty yards she gained rapidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over a hundred students participate in the planning and production of the daily program schedule . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tenure as criterion (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion integrates and unifies . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a nice day , granted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Singing '' as applicable to herself required research . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sharp , burning colors of his body stood brilliant and plain against the black soil , like a target . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Since the war I have seen the way the Germans have behaved and I think , Holy Mother , we have behaved like this for hundreds of years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indigestion plagued him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not really listen to others , had little interest in their ideas , and wanted to have his own way -- which was the only right way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where is he '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And if the affection for the suburban branch reflects a desire to shop with `` nice people '' , rather than with the indiscriminate urban mass which supports the downtown department store , the central location may be in serious trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
He really crucified him he nailed it for a yard loss '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Offer her a cup of tea and she would say , `` Why , these cups look just like a set I gave to the Salvation Army last year '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her name was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had driven up with her husband in a convertible with Eastern license plates , although the two drivers knew nothing at the moment about that . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't remember , do you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The two men watched as [FILTERED] closed the door behind them , watched them cross the sidewalk to their car . (Filtered Words: 1)
Seizing the bridle , he tugged with all his might and forced [FILTERED] to her knees . (Filtered Words: 1)
You're a taxpayer , householder , landlord . (Filtered Words: 0)
In late 1957 the M.P. ( Mouvement Populaire ) appeared and in the spring of 1958 the internal strains of the Istiqlal was revealed when the third Council of Government under [FILTERED] was formed without support from progressive elements in the party . (Filtered Words: 1)
From the entire eastern half of the nation they'd be coming , members of the Young Christians' League , and I'd been chosen to represent our chapter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The legislators decided to `` liberate '' Dartmouth and entered into a tug-o'-war with the college trustees over the control of classrooms , faculty , and chapel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , impulses still exist among the ruling elite to rationalize and thus to perpetuate the need for centralized and authoritarian practices . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tightened his turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Schley County Rep. [FILTERED] will offer a resolution Monday in the House to rescind the body's action of Friday in voting itself a $10 per day increase in expense allowances . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Do you want to call [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
I doubt , for example , that , 3 months before the leadership began to talk about what came to be the [FILTERED] plan , any public-opinion expert would have said that the country would have accepted such proposals . (Filtered Words: 1)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of Pal's Restaurant planning a reunion with the Miami Playboy Club's pianist , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
She wanted to know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each year he invites the boys to camp out on his estate for one of their big week ends of the year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pity we don't know more about him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Centrally , however , the administrative problem was more complex and the sheer prestige of office was very likely an unfair advantage . (Filtered Words: 0)
hear that [FILTERED] flies up to St. John's Newfoundland , next Sunday to attend the government's special ceremonies at Memorial University honoring distinguished sons and daughters of the island province . (Filtered Words: 1)
Part of the family should be sleeping while the rest is awake . (Filtered Words: 0)
He showed me one of his fingers which had been practically amputated and which his mother had treated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Though [FILTERED] , by grace of Soviet tanks , may be head man in East Germany , that does not give him any right to usurp the government of East Berlin or to absorb that semi-city into the Soviet zone . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was first believed the bomb was rigged to the car's starter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The earth was a little heavy and I had to stop once and clean the plowshares because they were not scouring properly , and I did not look back towards the place until I had turned the corner and was plowing across the upper line of the large field , a long way from where I had stopped because of the snake . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last category overlaps the others in amphibious operations and near terminals and bases . (Filtered Words: 0)
In recent days there have been extensive lamentations over the absence of original drama on television , but not for years have many regretted the passing of new plays on radio . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Mr. [FILTERED] and the driver of the sports car waved at each other . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hens are kept on the range and roosters are kept with them for their fertility . (Filtered Words: 0)
As many as received him were born of God . (Filtered Words: 0)
My idea of masterful movie making . (Filtered Words: 0)
The feeling was that he would sense an inner core of toughness and determination in the President and that plain talk by Mr. [FILTERED] would give him pause . (Filtered Words: 1)
but I do know that he gave the day tone and distinction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you studied the caliber and sales approaches of your sales force in relation to requirements for effective marketing ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Half the manhours you pay for on most jobs are wasted because the job was not planned right , so the right tools were not handy at the right place at the right time , or the right materials were not delivered to the handiest spots or materials were not stacked in the right order for erection , or you bought cheap materials that took too long to fit , or your workmen had to come back twice to finish a job they could have done on one trip . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drunken truck drivers in the city departments should be weeded out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Political , economic and military experts were all agreed that chaotic , mountainous little Laos was the last place in the world to fight a war -- and they were probably right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the choicest remarks made by soldiers in their letters were in disparagement of unpopular officers . (Filtered Words: 0)
No doubt there are historians who can explain to a great extent what happened to the plans and projects of the eighteenth century . (Filtered Words: 0)
He amused the young men who had been silent long enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Venturesome traders , however , continued to come to them from Mobile , and to obtain a considerable number of pelts for the French markets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somewhat uneven in interest for an average reader , eight or ten of these are among the finest of their kind in literature . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , these blocks were set in resin-saturated glass cloth and nailed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Men , she reflected , even men like [FILTERED] , are unpredictable . (Filtered Words: 1)
To transmit that feeling he writes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lumpe errs (Filtered Words: 0)
They would be coming for him next , bearing down on him from both directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The building shook , setting the lantern to swaying , and the buckskin to pitching again . (Filtered Words: 0)
He waited in his squat , gripping the hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where is everyone ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , obviously , a proper goal of research to improve on this property . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Providence Daily Post thought that there were probably good reasons for the haste in which the trial was being conducted and that the only thing gained by a delay would be calmer feelings . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of highest value '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Where to file . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tossed the bag into the pit and watched dry dust spray up around it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man wheezed weakly , his fetid breath beating softly against [FILTERED]'s neck . (Filtered Words: 1)
For example , farm equipment shipments of International Harvester in August climbed about 5% above a year earlier , Mr. [FILTERED] reports . (Filtered Words: 1)
Early in June , the Discovery passed `` Desolation '' ( southern Greenland ) and in mid-June entered the `` Furious Overfall '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In still others which are barely on the threshold of the transition into modernity , the decade can bring significant progress in launching the slow process of developing their human resources and their basic services to the point where an expanded range of developmental activities is possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
He urged her to buy one of his machines -- for $300 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing to fear (Filtered Words: 0)
Stations programing to Negro listeners are having to upgrade their shows in order to keep pace with rising educational , economic , and cultural levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no apparent comprehension of morality ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On the very day that the parliamentary session began , another `` Infamous Libel '' appeared , entitled A Letter From The Facetious Dr. [FILTERED] , At Bath , To The Venerable Nestor Ironside . (Filtered Words: 1)
The reference coordinator at headquarters also serves as a consultant , and is available to work with the local librarian in helping to strengthen local reference service . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Vagabonds are `` on the road '' again . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tabulation of these features permits the lungs to be grouped into three distinctive subgross types . (Filtered Words: 0)
He opened the myth book again and there ( along the margin next to [FILTERED] imaginative interpretation of the creation of the [FILTERED] from [FILTERED]'s fingertips ) were the names of four [FILTERED] bars and [FILTERED] address . (Filtered Words: 5)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is the subject of Chapter 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , no two Rhode Island communities are identical in relation to their over-all financial condition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe you likee date with me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How can a planet with so many neighbors be so lonely '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet many psychologists and marriage counselors agree that domination of the sex relationship by one partner or the other can be unhealthy and even dangerous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why the teacher should study the individual pupil (Filtered Words: 0)
The journey back he made along the coast road , traveling hell-for-leather , every lantern of the tallyho ablaze . (Filtered Words: 0)
British common sense is proverbial . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is expected to know about what is going on among the representatives of other agencies who are stationed in his country . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had watched [FILTERED] handling his enemies before the paredon . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am saying you're not a professional ballplayer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
television ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and administrative practices which will make possible the more effective review and implementation of programs once established . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You may have seen me on TV '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
matters such as leavened or unleavened bread are inconsequential . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a fiery redhead who can impress you that she has a temper whether she really has one or not , plays [FILTERED] , and sings the role very well , too . (Filtered Words: 2)
Our new large-package ring twister for glass fiber yarns is performing well in our customers' mills . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was just asking about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Look , Lord '' , he said hoarsely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blockade , in the view of military and civilian experts , could restore teeth to the Monroe Doctrine . (Filtered Words: 0)
The utilities available nearby may provide a savings in the cost of extending electricity or water to the site . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My approval of this bill should not be viewed as establishing a precedent for the enactment of similar legislation for other mineral industries '' , the President said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He put down his pipe and started to type . (Filtered Words: 0)
The double-step type (Filtered Words: 0)
The city has a stake in stimulating growth and purchasing power throughout outstate Missouri and Southern Illinois . (Filtered Words: 0)
She felt the look and looked back because she could not help it , seeing that he was neither as old nor as thick as she had at first believed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Christ is both unique and universal . (Filtered Words: 0)
After she had served the detectives coffee and toast ( they politely declined eggs , uncomfortable about their tenancy ) , she settled down with a morning newspaper and began reading the stock market quotations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither can be adequately systematized until we are able to separate the two and assign the observed phenomena individually to one or the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , an engineer and anthropologist with a doctorate from the London School of Economics , headed the rural development division of USOM , the United States Operations Mission administering U.S. aid . (Filtered Words: 1)
His successors have adopted the opposite alternative . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had just returned my change when the doorman came in off the street to page me . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is easy for the teacher to rationalize that the child who is not achieving in accordance with his known ability is just plain lazy , or that the child who lacks interest in school , who dislikes the teacher , or who is overaggressive is a hopeless delinquent . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is no common thing for a listener ( critical or otherwise ) to hear a singer `` live '' for the first time only after he has died . (Filtered Words: 0)
the specimen is magnified by the microscope . (Filtered Words: 0)
In America also all of our major religious bodies officially sanction a universalistic ethic which is reflective of our common religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I made you what you are '' , Gavin whispered . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think I would have been much disappointed in Japan if I had not seen Kyoto , Nara , and Hiroshima . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proof . (Filtered Words: 0)
He seemed to be looking at a point above the little window . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clerfayt is neurotic , preoccupied , and passive . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one had . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is one that most try to avoid , as long as they can see an alternative approach to the problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] Dutchess County , past the white church at Fishkill , past Verplanck's Point on the east bank of the Hudson , to the white salt-crusted roads of the Long Island Rockaways there was a watching and an activity of preparing for something explosive to happen . (Filtered Words: 1)
By monitoring , we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers . (Filtered Words: 0)
He scuttled in shadow along the east wall of the stockade and then followed the south wall until he was at the rear of the two frame buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can get something , '' Nadine would snap . (Filtered Words: 0)
A spring trap for solid mounting and a regular hand trap are also available . (Filtered Words: 0)
While I was sitting at one of the rewrite telephones with my derby and my great beard , Arthur Brisbane whizzed in with some editorial copy in his hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is not much to be said for `` Revulsion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I realize that this is hardly the time to say it , Penny '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He moaned and pulled the hand away . (Filtered Words: 0)
As we think of the long and excruciating pain it must have suffered , we are very likely to say : `` It was a bad thing that the little animal should suffer so '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Costs of the effective energy produced by these sources is a major obstacle in the development of food-preservation processes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Day and night Martin could not drag his mind from the dilemma he had made for himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then when [FILTERED] was on the end of the line of girls , [FILTERED] , in the middle of the line , gave an extra hard pull and the young teacher sprawled backwards , sitting down hard , her dress flying over her head . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` If it ain't an idea '' , she said , `` how comes it you can drink beer but not water '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The rancher was trembling . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sighed . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Suppose you let me explain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shall we teach him some '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Rabbi Melzi smiled at him with infinitely old but merry eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm in a hurry , Beautiful '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pompeii rolled over . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , Palfrey arranged a religious ceremony at King's Chapel to formalize the emancipation . (Filtered Words: 0)
This resulted in revisions of the King James Bible in 1881-85 as the English Revised Version and in 1901 as the American Standard Version . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recounting personal observations of clearance work , the Councilman cited instances of inefficient use of equipment or supplies by poorly trained workers and urged that plow blades be set so they do not leave behind a thin layer of snow which eventually freezes . (Filtered Words: 0)
) , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] were honored in odd quarters , and the whole Booth Tarkington , [FILTERED] ( sic ) , ) [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] atmosphere lay thick as Los Angeles smog (Filtered Words: 7)
But where was it going ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Her eyes were smiling , too , but so sadly , and there was tiredness and infinite wisdom in them . (Filtered Words: 0)
There should be no reason to misinterpret or ignore the intent of this letter . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a member both of the National Academy of Sciences and of the American Philosophical Society ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who is involved willy nilly ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Washington County's 36th annual fair will close Saturday evening with 4-H and FFA awards program at 7 , public dance at 8 and variety show at 8:30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the circumstances , the only protection for the relatively small manufacturers is to engage in exactly the kind of conspiracy with the giants for which the latter were convicted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can you find it all right '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But the brigadier dines on the birds with relish . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carruthers crossed the room to a metal door with an open grillework in the top half . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each man , that is , is both one and many . (Filtered Words: 0)
they had orders to that effect straight from President [FILTERED] , who thought at first , as did most others , that it was four followers of Cuba's [FILTERED] who had taken over the 707 . (Filtered Words: 2)
Farm workers had their wages cut almost in half . (Filtered Words: 0)
But `` singing '' for any shell person posed considerable technical difficulties to be overcome . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's lots of time left '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maggie and Stuart pored over figures every night , trying to find how they could squeeze out a few pennies more . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sheik smiled and murmured : `` That is precisely correct '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a horror . (Filtered Words: 0)
We take the position , however , that the third choice still remains the only sane one open to us . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Nazis knew this , of course , and while their chief quarry was the industrial centers , they let a few drop every time they went over , hoping for a lucky hit . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concept remains subjective . (Filtered Words: 0)
It squatted low and square upon the sidewalk with a heavy iron grating supporting a glass facade . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he took off his wet boots and dropped down into the water to talk with the beasts , needing their comfort more than they needed his . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , I had cried out that I knew she'd do it , but without my fully realizing it at the time , it was a cry of triumph for her , praise at her deliverance from pettiness and greed -- and guilt . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was one thing to call men to the colors ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
To begin the interview , he asked if [FILTERED] , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . (Filtered Words: 1)
He liked to fancy himself as a chieftain and to dress for the part . (Filtered Words: 0)
but on further investigation , the thing proved to be a sweater , of the long-hair variety that sheds onto men's jackets -- pale , pale pink and , according to the label , size thirty-four . (Filtered Words: 0)
The growth of business has outdistanced the available supply , and the demand will continue to exceed the supply in the sixties . (Filtered Words: 0)
We attended the premieres of his concertos , symphonies , and suites ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What these fragments are and how they activate the go order may not be revealed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet they were not so bound by past experience and constriction as to deny their immediate perceptions and to be dominated by their knowledge of what the experience should be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dogs have a way of sensing our feelings ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In my short period here I believe that at no time has he been otherwise than the most popular man on both sides of the aisle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still I didn't think she was twotiming me with Precious right then . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men around him , observes the narrator , `` have been living from day to day for thousands of years '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Says he , `` I may never imagine that in the struggle between personal and supra-personal responsibility it is possible to make a compromise between the ethical and the purposive in the shape of a relative ethic ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
No wonder [FILTERED] was enchanted -- no two better suited people ever met . (Filtered Words: 1)
His fingers fumbled across the bandages . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) The conjugates as well as the intermediate sera were absorbed for 30 minutes with 20 - 50 mg of proteins extracted from healthy sweet clover stems . (Filtered Words: 0)
You should -- smack ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How on earth do you manage it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Other methods will be described below . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Reverend '' , he said , `` I think you don't quite understand the situation here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hudson's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the Thames . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never well known , but he had done his work competently . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gracias . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What else '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion provides the most attractive rewards , either in this world or the next , for those who not merely abide by its norms , but who engage in good works . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is doubtful that the complete solution to the over-all problem can result entirely from company efforts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Participating members may attend five of the concerts for $9 ( not all ten concerts as was erroneously announced earlier in The Chronicle ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
Would you permit [FILTERED] to walk about the grounds with me for a short spell , Mrs. [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
He couldn't see ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Exploratory mood (Filtered Words: 0)
Martin felt it was incredible that the situation had come to exist at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had good friends here , people who liked her . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The intima of the larger coronary arteries was thickened by fibrous tissue containing fusiform clefts and mononuclear cells . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new part is finished . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the outset of his first term , he established himself as one of the guiding spirits of the House of Delegates . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had gone without a hitch . (Filtered Words: 0)
He will not curb his instinctual desires but release the energy within him that makes him feel truly and fully alive , even if it is only for this brief moment before the apocalypse of annihilation explodes on earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stared at him with hurt blue eyes that gushed an instant grief ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You're the doctor '' , he returned with a smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Meaning you want me to ride out '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and the National Symphony perform in the first two releases , designed for grades one and two . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' He wrote . (Filtered Words: 0)
The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life , where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform , therefore , to the principle of economic integration . (Filtered Words: 0)
It turned out that she also sold real estate , cosmetics , and hospital insurance . (Filtered Words: 0)
When this happened , everything stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's been married and got this half-grown kid . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may seem strange that a poet should come to full fruition in his seventies , but we have it on Hardy's own authority that `` he was a child till he was sixteen , a youth till he was five-and-twenty , and a young man till he was nearly fifty '' ( Early Life , p. 42 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
It yields a fragrance as [FILTERED] as that of the pastilles of Malabar . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` That is exactly what I'm hoping for . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe '' , [FILTERED] said idly , watching for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Always messing around with science stuff . (Filtered Words: 0)
The variation in the 3-cm emission of the moon during a lunation is very much less than the variation in the 8.6-mm emission , as would be expected from the explanation of Piddington and [FILTERED] ( 1949 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Feeling protective toward this sleeping being , Henrietta found a yesterday bun and milk in a white jug , a breakfast which was somewhat the equivalent of going barefoot . (Filtered Words: 0)
The idea of national responsibility thus has become a common feature of the nations of the non-Soviet world . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hate it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` overseas '' democracies have generally encouraged the European unification movement without seriously considering the wisdom of their own full participation in a broader Atlantic community . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked , turning slowly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will somebody please reopen the Auditorium ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Blackman was to be in New York by February 2 , because they were sailing at 12:01 next morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
A united Germany , freed of militarism , might be the first step toward disarmament and peace in a terrorized and tortured world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shearing , himself , seemed to me to be playing better piano than in his recent Newport appearances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the boys , there is very little bravado about drinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether or not [FILTERED] lost his job was no concern of mine . (Filtered Words: 1)
Forty-nine hours after an atomic burst the radiation intensity is only about 1 percent of what it was an hour after the explosion . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Mary would soon no longer be living there , for she would be notified in a few days that her husband had died in an accident while on a flight to Tahiti . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish you could see the situation as I see it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The best chance , of course , is offered by gently sloping terrain where the water remains close to the surface and where the air is dry , so that a high evaporation leaves salty deposits which permit only sparse plant growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
She may well be incapacitated by it when she is confronted with present and future alternatives -- e.g. , whether to prepare primarily for a career or for the role of a homemaker ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On Felice Perrin . (Filtered Words: 0)
That summer [FILTERED] attended the summer session at Harvard , but he did not ask Mama to send him back in the fall . (Filtered Words: 1)
No one can be as effective as the president in inspiring older men to welcome imaginative new teachers whose philosophy or approach to their specialties is quite different . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt that it would be a particular humiliation to Dolores to pick up her own underwear which he had laid on the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Adults take a long time to convince and you are thwarted if you try to push '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unspeakable tortures or even execution might well be their fate . (Filtered Words: 0)
When would the oyabun like to bring his guests up here '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Many autistic children grow up to lead relatively normal lives . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he refused to be anything else . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
there is no trick involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simply out of bloodlust , their murderers dismembered the bodies and tossed the remains into the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
Henrietta's feeling of identity with [FILTERED] was crowned by her discovery of the coincidence that Sara's epitaph in the Jewish cemetery in Venice referred to her as `` the Sulamite '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since practical washing procedures are both lengthy and expensive , a number of laboratory tests have been developed for the numerical evaluation of detergents . (Filtered Words: 0)
The biblical symbol for this affirmation is expressed in the words : `` So God created man in his own image ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is bluntly frank in his personal opinions . (Filtered Words: 1)
He came within an ace of being riddled with bullets during his long fight with the [FILTERED] gang which terrorized Oklahoma in the 1890's . (Filtered Words: 1)
He sat down on the bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
backstitch pieces together close to edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is a beautiful filly and likes to trot . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Rev. [FILTERED] officiated at the ceremony in Slaughter Chapel of the First Baptist Church . (Filtered Words: 1)
Is not the present world crisis a race between things we have created which can now destroy us and between populations of sufficient wisdom and character to forestall the tragedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
( This method does not apply to electronic switches . (Filtered Words: 0)
) [FILTERED] , however , held out for plain oyster roast , and plenty of it , unadorned by herbs or any seasoning but salt , though he did fancy a bit of lemon . (Filtered Words: 1)
So why don't you be a good boy and '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
I followed it , looking at the brilliant colors on its tubular back , the colors clear and sharp and perfect , in orange and green and brown diamonds the size of a baby's fist down its back , and the diamonds were set one within the other and interlaced with glistening jet-black . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside his window bloomed a beautiful summer day . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Keystone Broadcasting System's Negro network includes 360 affiliated stations , whose signals reach more than half the total U.S. Negro population . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a stream that turns a mill-wheel there is a lot of water ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And sensitivity '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
there ought to be a limit to sharing , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
A general classification given grass-fed cattle was `` grassers '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There I was a retired wobbly and structural iron worker who'd never gouged a cent off a fellow worker in my thirty years in the movement . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was what they said before every performance but tonight it sounded different , as if he really needed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elaine nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
We use the term `` bio-medicine '' because of the close interrelation between biology and medical research . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was one further step in my religious progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
An over-all concept would have other advantages . (Filtered Words: 0)
A couple named [FILTERED] and Geely . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fly cutters can fool you into putting your hand too close to the tool , so if you want to avoid nicked fingers , keep your hands well out of the way . (Filtered Words: 0)
They found some clothes '' , she tossed in . (Filtered Words: 0)
The P.D.I. and later the Popular Movement protected the Istiqlal's `` privileged position '' until the fall of Balafrej , and then the Istiqlal used the same argument , which it had previously ignored , against the pro-U.N.F.P. tendencies of the [FILTERED] government . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` All the more reason , then '' , [FILTERED] said , `` why we must have a treaty . (Filtered Words: 1)
She concluded by asking him to name another hour should this one be inconvenient . (Filtered Words: 0)
On his lips , his men following . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tune began to whirl inside his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were a little late in getting home . (Filtered Words: 0)
One state , Alabama , closes its fiscal year on September 30 , and all cities in the state , with one exception , also close fiscal years on September 30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh that's [FILTERED] , Mama [FILTERED] said fondly . (Filtered Words: 2)
But let us return , after this gruesome interlude , to our willow catkins in the spring ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They were clumsy , but they were beginning to catch on . (Filtered Words: 0)
You fell down in front of the house , and I carried you in . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked her if she would , and she said she would not . (Filtered Words: 0)
His money was tied up in a Nassau hotel , an Ohio pottery works , and a detergent for window-washing , and luck had been running against him . (Filtered Words: 0)
To Mark : `` Please give my regards to Myra '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Educational policies are formed by several groups who are officially or unofficially appointed to act in the public interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
The History Of England has often been compared with Green's Short History . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , secretary ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
His hands lay loosely , yet stiffly -- they were like wax hands : almost lifelike , not quite -- folded in his lap ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) their pattern of involvement in the regular legal and political processes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes these servants wrote or dictated for enclosure with the letters of their soldier-masters messages to their relatives and to members of their owners' families . (Filtered Words: 0)
The socialist environment , it was stated , had cross-fertilized these two extreme seeds and was about to produce a new plant and fruit . (Filtered Words: 0)
This discovery caused [FILTERED] anxiety . (Filtered Words: 1)
He said she would only hurt herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The deep water is used by many people , but it is always clean , for the washing is done outside . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm just thinking of a way for you to be sensible '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The snake slid slowly and with great care from the new ridge the plow had made , into the furrow and did not go any further . (Filtered Words: 0)
His academic duties had little evident effect on his prolific pen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theirs is no mere lack of sympathy , but something closer to the passionate hatred that was directed against Fascism . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was equally clear that as of this moment , the treaty was off . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of particular utility in the analysis of the development , persistence , and change of social systems has been the use of the master or comprehensive processes . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the uniformed officers stepped in my way , demanding to know whether I had permission to enter Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I want to tell you something [FILTERED] Lord . (Filtered Words: 1)
Triandos hasn't proved it yet , but he says he's convinced his thumb is all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was found the day after at the bottom of the cliff . (Filtered Words: 0)
What will be the final symmetry of the good society ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was water . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why don't you just hire somebody else '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As [FILTERED] , the prophet of the beat generation , declares : `` In the sexual act , the beat are filled with mana , the divine power . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , one of the men from Lincoln , had taken a musket ball in his belly ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Let us therefore consider each of the three types of cost in turn , recognizing that this simplified classification is used only for illustrative purposes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't like to exhibit the deadly dampening effect of an elderly man's caution '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On spring and summer evenings people leave their shops and houses and walk up through the lanes of the city to the bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sat in a sweat-saturated undershirt , cursing the excessive heat which clamped an uneasy stillness before sundown . (Filtered Words: 1)
This news , announced by [FILTERED] , the orchestra's administrative director , brought applause from the 2,800 persons who filled the hall . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I appreciate beauty '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl kneeled by her husband with one arm at his back . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , the six figures of the [FILTERED] you heisted -- four Siamese heads , a black obsidian statuette in the earth-touching position , and a large brass figure of the Dying [FILTERED] on a teakwood base . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the specific case of time diffusion , we must emphasize the significance of the earlier development of mistrust when it is combined with the inevitable time crisis experienced by most ( if not all ) adolescents in our society , and with the failure of the adolescent period to provide opportunities for developing trust . (Filtered Words: 0)
His rage assumes a religious form ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Grant ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The others likewise had hidden themselves in the grass and the brush . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't cold enough in the tunnel to preserve the body intact . (Filtered Words: 0)
California Democrats this weekend will take the wraps off a 1962 model statewide campaign vehicle which they have been quietly assembling in a thousand district headquarters , party clubrooms and workers' backyards . (Filtered Words: 0)
And for the hundredth time that week , he was startled at her beauty . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know , Mr. [FILTERED] '' , he said haltingly , beginning to get an inkling of [FILTERED]'s plans . (Filtered Words: 1)
Declarative statements (Filtered Words: 0)
This involves the application of a strong magnetic field to the radical vapor , which shifts the low-frequency spectra to a conveniently high microwave range , where they may be measured with optimum sensitivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington never had a chance to work for an extended stretch at the occupation he loved best , plantation management . (Filtered Words: 0)
But automation and the increasing complexity of factories has renewed the competition for jobs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each return required three cards and involved key punching 228 digital columns . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the peoples spoke the tongue of Iceland because that island had gotten the jump on the Hawaiian-Americans who were busy resettling North America and the western half of South America after the Apocalyptic War . (Filtered Words: 0)
That cock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Between 1935 and 1939 Letch and I made ten films together , each less successful , both artistically and commercially , than the one before it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Particularly hard for the therapist to grasp are those instances in which the patient is manifesting an introject traceable to something in the therapist , some aspect of the therapist of which the latter is himself only poorly aware , and the recognition of which , as a part of himself , he finds distinctly unwelcome . (Filtered Words: 0)
I heard nothing more . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he chewed his gum and exuded wheezing breath , [FILTERED] smelt the reek of bad whiskey . (Filtered Words: 1)
You know the facts ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It includes a raise in the county minimum wage , creation of several new jobs at the executive level , financing of beefed-up industrial development efforts , and increased expenditures for essential services such as health and welfare , fire protection , sanitation and road maintenance . (Filtered Words: 0)
For before someone takes up an attitude toward death , suffering , or their infliction , they have no moral quality at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Line ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The stranger , his head seemingly sunk in thought , started to cross the street against the light just as a huge moving van roared through the intersection . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prokofieff was able to adjust his creative personality to a swiftly changing world without losing his particular force and direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Handle for creamer is a strip of clay 1/2'' '' wide and 3-1/2'' '' long . (Filtered Words: 0)
and her close knowledge of individual students . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither Mantle nor [FILTERED] is totally devoted to baseball above all else . (Filtered Words: 1)
In two minutes the body of [FILTERED]'s former comrade , who had been killed by [FILTERED] in a gambling brawl the previous night , was carried into the town's funeral parlor to be prepared for decent burial . (Filtered Words: 2)
Only the top of the head , with a spot bare and white as a clamshell , remained visible . (Filtered Words: 0)
and used gradations of color value as well as sharply contrasting elementary colors . (Filtered Words: 0)
All tourists come to Florida . (Filtered Words: 0)
These reactions were interpreted as being manifestations of hypoadrenocorticism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remember , man , remember . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has served as a border patrolman and was in the Signal Corps of the U.S. Army . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We sure don't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He consulted the parking ticket , then looked at a notation and said , `` You're in the third row back toward the rear . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was dreaming he had his head pressed against the dashboard of a speeding car . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is chairman . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nonresident aliens living in Canada or Mexico who earn wages in the United States may be subject to withholding of tax on their wages , the same as if they were citizens of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
To begin with , the all-powerful Los Angeles Times does not publish a transcript of these press conferences . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would like to convey the notion something is being done , even though it is something they know to be ineffectual . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shelley sent a copy to [FILTERED] , a former friend , and another to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] , state fire warden in the Department of Conservation and Economic Development , has retired after 36 years of service . (Filtered Words: 1)
and that not from yourselves , for it is the gift of God ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It has been suggested many times that a Class be set up for the Juniors who are overage and cannot enter the Junior Classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sergeant Vaughn , sir '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
allied to them was [FILTERED] , devoting much time to swaying her father , and [FILTERED] dismissed all thought of the project and [FILTERED] was unwilling to interfere further . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` But I have no permission to re-enter France , and I have just left '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our surplus from foreign business transactions has in recent years fallen substantially short of the expenditures we make abroad to maintain our military establishments overseas , to finance private investment , and to provide assistance to the less developed nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
To him this means caring for the whole child , providing basic nutrition , and a spiritual attitude that lends freedom for the development of the mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You mean a game with cards '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone is more or less sceptical and virtually no one has been willing to accept [FILTERED] or [FILTERED]'s position on that point . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Dealing faro ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled to herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I suppose '' , he muttered , `` I can sell the outfit for enough to send you home to your folks , once we find a settlement '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This may help explain a phenomenon described by a small-town Jewish boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The one way to get around them -- short of knowing exactly what one wants and sticking to it -- is to frequent a single establishment until its wine waiter is persuaded that one is at least as interested in wine as in spending money . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he couldn't imagine where . (Filtered Words: 0)
he didn't even look up . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I didn't say it was Christian . (Filtered Words: 0)
These trumps were more touching than they were anything else , and seemed to imply that the nights were long , her children ungrateful , and her marriage bewilderingly threadbare . (Filtered Words: 0)
He contends this idea doesn't conflict with experiments on which the principle of conservation of matter and energy is based because some slight error must be assumed in such experiments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each new teacher to whom the pupil goes is expected to study the information in the cumulative record and to bring it up to date . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theoretical discussion of flux gain (Filtered Words: 0)
He feels , therefore , that to seek a discontinuity in the arms policy of the United States is the least risky path our government can take . (Filtered Words: 0)
Garth hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
They started on the 4th hole , a 220-yard par-3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe that was why they were cordial and loyal towards the unpredictability of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But the best known exploiters of the new medium are [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Thus every part and plane of the picture keeps changing place in relative depth with every other part and plane ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the displacement of the cylinder can be converted to cubic centimeters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a series of articles was certainly never printed in the public press of mid-Victorian England . (Filtered Words: 0)
The interior designer , then , must first be an artist but also understand carpentry and painting and lighting and plumbing and finance . (Filtered Words: 0)
we were also literary ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Leona '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a former commander of Willamette Heights , Post , and a member of Nevah Sholom Congregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1960 one-quarter of the 92.5 million recreation visits to the National Forests and Grasslands were for the primary purpose of hunting and fishing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` We Democrats must resolve our issues on the test of what is right and just , and not what is expedient at the time '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He jerked once in the grass and lay still . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wait until my shot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anticipating delivery of medicines and yeast by plane , Granite City citizens formed an airfield committee and with the aid of quarrymen and the 172nd Infantry , Vermont National Guard , laid out runways on Wilson flat , high on Millstone Hill . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am sure that they did when [FILTERED] was President . (Filtered Words: 1)
Horace's column of imperishable verse shines quietly enough in the lucid air of Augustan Rome . (Filtered Words: 0)
The report was : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
the old couples . (Filtered Words: 0)
In either case , they do not appreciate the private detective's zeal . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The size of wooden mold will determine the amount of clay needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He dumped it into the back and made sure it wouldn't roll out , then returned to the porch and closed the front door , making sure it was unlocked . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was almost sick when Bobbie came home with the news that Poor John had won the job . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I may be back '' , he explained , `` and then again , I may not '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Ruling would not , however , apply to an acquisition of assets for cash . (Filtered Words: 0)
This phenomenon raises the question whether the guidance of the emotions for therapeutic ends may not have an even wider application in the area of the neuroses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is chairman . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` That's what they all say . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked thoughtfully at his wife's trunk , holding her meager treasures . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another spot with an image-provoking name is the Black Hills where you can visit the old frontier mining town of Deadwood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without exception [FILTERED]'s brothers turned to either one or both of their father's occupations , but [FILTERED] showed a talent for neither and instead spent most of his time on the beach where he repaired nets and proved immensely popular as a storyteller . (Filtered Words: 2)
The system of indicating gender varied according to tense . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's an idea . (Filtered Words: 0)
A replica of two coaches made in England for the Belmont Club in the East , and matchless west of the Rockies , it was the despair of whips on the Santa Cruz run . (Filtered Words: 0)
Player won only one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each ally will have to carry out obligations long since laid down , but never completely fulfilled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just dropping the baby's bottle and breaking it became a catastrophe , and Stuart wore out his shoes so fast that he was termed a major disaster . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nadine's , shrill with anger -- [FILTERED]'s loud and thick -- As I went to the door I heard the clock strike two . (Filtered Words: 1)
Meanwhile , other air defense forces are being made effective , as described later in this message . (Filtered Words: 0)
He continued as a popular lecturer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Searching for the best in spiritual stories , my roving editors cover not only the country , but the whole world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their motion will be eternal and perfect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Back at the Kaiser's Fountain , I walked left to the streetcar stop and rode up the hill -- any car will do -- past the Column of Constantine , also known as the Burnt Column , at the top on my right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tri-State has acquired its exclusive distribution for the northern , principal heating states . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it is , they consider that the North is now reaping the fruits of excess egalitarianism , that in spite of its high standard of living the `` American way '' has been proved inferior to the English and Scandinavian ways , although they disapprove of the socialistic features of the latter . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the script's big problems was how to blend pictures and music of the past with live performances by musicians of today . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was not sure what effect it would have , but that was really beside the point when you got right down to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pt. 2 , Ch. 5 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the [FILTERED] pointed towards her destination and , under one-gee acceleration , began to build up towards her ultimate velocity , 99.1 percent of the speed of light . (Filtered Words: 1)
Alexander shifted his gaze to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It struck me as a very bright and very malnourished dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
only one box car in eight has the wide doors needed for unit loads ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
An old gentlemen next to me held a Boy Scout bugle to his lips and blasted away at every fourth step and during the interim shouted out , `` V for Victory '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Most adolescents have some ideological diffusion at various developmental stages , as they experience a proliferation of ideas and values . (Filtered Words: 0)
We blushed and were flustered , and it turned out to be the fleetest brush of lips upon cheek . (Filtered Words: 0)
The interviews have led each of them to a new appreciation of the problems confronting the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the silence that followed , [FILTERED] walked close to Mrs. [FILTERED] , who drew back a step on her side of the gate . (Filtered Words: 2)
That is his privilege . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would you be happier if I made up some stories about my life , told you some lies ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Within their confines , moreover , technological and industrial growth has proceeded at an accelerated pace , thus increasing the cornucopia from which material wants can be satisfied . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Lalauries were at the top rung of the social ladder , and even a jury didn't feel privileged to doubt the veracity of so illustrious a lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , in that same cabin , [FILTERED] fell to his knees beside a bunk . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her mother was a [FILTERED] and her father's family came from the Orkney Isles . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Can I have the car , Dad '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I studied [FILTERED] closely as the trial progressed for any hint which might give me a lead as to how he might be thwarted . (Filtered Words: 1)
They both measure literature by moral standards , and in their political writings both allow for censorship , but the differences between them are also significant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two of these were included in Palfrey's lot . (Filtered Words: 0)
In child care , the opposite extreme prevails ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
So you can see that [FILTERED] , director of SMU's food services , is not the ordinary type of craven , women-trodden chef . (Filtered Words: 1)
We passed his house and school on the way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until such work is done , there must remain the nagging suspicion that alienation may be little more than an expression of the malaise of the intellectual , who , rejected by and in turn rejecting the larger society , projects his own fear and despair onto the broader social screen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly , a messenger arrives and , just before collapsing dead at his feet , informs him that the Saracens have invaded Silesia , the home province of his affianced . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early in 1822 he was at Fort Garry offering to bring in pork , flour , liquor and tobacco . (Filtered Words: 0)
In color , 1/50th of a second between Af and Af will do for bright , frontal sunlight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Come inside now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pohl and [FILTERED]'s ad men have long since thrown out appeals to reason and developed techniques of advertising which tie in with `` every basic trauma and neurosis in American life '' , which work on the libido of consumers , which are linked to the `` great prime motivations of the human spirit '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Like the bell at Mass , the doorbell was pitched too high . (Filtered Words: 0)
So the Kirov will fly back to Russia , minus a Chicago engagement , a serious loss for dance fans -- and for the frustrated bookers , cancellation of one of the richest bookings in the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is the scaffolding for , Brassnose '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Thank you , Keith '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , for example , should the ancients have supposed the diurnal rotation of the heavens to be elliptical ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here was a cause she believed in . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went on to say : `` In the first place , industry per se is not dedicated to the role of savior of foundering municipalities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Needless to say , my art suffered drastically during this turbulent period . (Filtered Words: 0)
In view of the important role which emotional disturbances play in the genesis of neurotic and psychotic disorders and the parallelism observed between autonomic states and psychological behavior in several instances , it is further suggested that a hypothalamic imbalance may play an important role in initiating mental changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was big , and filthy , and his toes stuck out of the flapping tops of his shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third name was ( John ) [FILTERED] , who was admitted to the Inner Temple in November 1631 . (Filtered Words: 1)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a problem that goes considerably beyond questions of salary and tenure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Market concentration and distribution in fewer accounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
His years of campaigning had taught him the value of water discipline . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am suggesting that a case-history approach to the Oedipus complex is a blind alley for a storyteller . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the spring rains the flow rose rapidly due to infiltration in open sewers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That is exactly what I'm hoping for . (Filtered Words: 0)
One person she helped was my brother . (Filtered Words: 0)
Georgia's [FILTERED] objected politely , and the battle was joined . (Filtered Words: 1)
As the coating becomes thicker , the cutting may abruptly change to a cracking type of failure . (Filtered Words: 0)
At first I did not know what she meant ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His portion of the program -- and a big portion it was -- consisted of half the major nineteenth-century concertos for the violin : to wit , the Mendelssohn and the Tchaikovsky . (Filtered Words: 0)
What more could be asked for a Trial intended to warn the world against anti-Semitism than this opportunity to expose the exact link between the respectable Anti-Semite and the concentration-camp brute ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It drops again after fifteen and/or twenty-one days . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is not interested in being named a full-time director . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scientists and fishermen have occasionally seen strange by-products of the phenomenon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Happily for posterity , then , the Boston Association did not actually command Parker to leave the room , though it came too close for comfort to what would have been an unforgivable brutality . (Filtered Words: 0)
ripe pears lying in long grass , to be turned over by a dusty-slippered foot , cautiously , lest bees still worked in the ragged , brown-edged holes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is not merely an individualist ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
His mind scurried frantically , seeking an exit . (Filtered Words: 0)
The surfaces were coarsely and finely granular and punctuated by clear , fluid-filled cysts measuring up to 3 cm. in diameter . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the preparation of the state development budget . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hernandez looked suddenly uncertain . (Filtered Words: 0)
It never seemed real ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually , the greater the original distances marked , the greater will be the accuracy of the test . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had timed it better this time . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
For what I express in my remark is something going on in me at the time , and that of course did not exist until I did come on the scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
Peter , you lummox , you've forgot to order the musicians '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At either end and in the center there are bays which contain nine greater alcoves as frescoed and capacious as church apses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Laboratory measurements of interstellar radio spectra . (Filtered Words: 0)
Future plans (Filtered Words: 0)
Not once , in the time that he had known her , had he ever considered the possibility , not once , not for one one-thousandth of a second , of her infidelity . (Filtered Words: 0)
They kicked their horses through the deep water with their bare heels , drove the Rebels out of their rifle pits and captured four men . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shu-tt up-pp ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was waiting , leaning against a building front . (Filtered Words: 1)
Other pairs of phonologic subsystems also interact or overlap in this way ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Initially the White House reaction was that the bitter exchanges with Moscow over Cuba and the conflict in Laos had dampened prospects for a meeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] moved over beside the door and waited . (Filtered Words: 1)
the old [FILTERED] princes arriving in their ancient limousines ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
During the Civil War period Mr. [FILTERED] also invented the [FILTERED] & Sharpe formed tooth gear cutter , a basic invention which ultimately revolutionized the world's gear manufacturing industry by changing its basic economics . (Filtered Words: 1)
The ceaseless effort to understand and measure the distance mankind has traversed since its primitive anthropological status offers a more durable sort of drama . (Filtered Words: 0)
This leads one to conclude , as you have , that there is inevitably more prestige in a management position in the minds of our people '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A year later they were 4-13 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Barton finished his dressing and extended his hand to Powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
But her prettiness was what he had noticed first , and all the other things had come afterward : cruelty , meanness , self-will . (Filtered Words: 0)
The grand jury commented on a number of other topics , among them the Atlanta and Fulton County purchasing departments which it said `` are well operated and follow generally accepted practices which inure to the best interest of both governments '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
2-3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't see the grin that split her mouth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It serves only its own stockholders and poorly at that . (Filtered Words: 0)
A political scientist writes of the growth of `` alienated voters '' , who `` believe that voting is useless because politicians or those who influence politicians are corrupt , selfish and beyond popular control . (Filtered Words: 0)
and then we have septillion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional entries must be made from time to time . (Filtered Words: 0)
there had been the dancing class -- Miss [FILTERED] , thin and tireless , with her supervising wand and her everlasting one-two-three , one-two-three . (Filtered Words: 1)
He thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because [FILTERED] was leaving the next day , I spent the evening with him at Asia Center . (Filtered Words: 1)
These areas , by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued -- and set to shuttling again -- only by conventional perspective ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She admired him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another case involves a newspaper reporter who tripped up a politician . (Filtered Words: 0)
Greek boys and girls also go for rock-and-roll , and the stations most tuned to are those carrying United States overseas programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here , this will help '' , suggested [FILTERED] , substituting a magnifying device in one extension and holding it over the picture . (Filtered Words: 1)
, for Engine crankshaft speed (Filtered Words: 0)
The song , he said , was called `` The Stream's Lullaby '' , and when he sang , `` Gute ruh , Gute ruh , Mach't die augen zu , '' there was such longing and such simple sadness that it frightened me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boats were indicated specifically by only one of the five towns known to tax boats . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one saw her except the man Reuveni '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had come to Chicago from New York early in September with a dramatic production called Ask [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
And fourth , there were moderates who were in no hurry for independence and wished to wait until the Congo grew up . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Camping is family fun , and it is helping more Americans see more of the country than they ever saw before . (Filtered Words: 0)
The state's occupation tax is computed on gross sales . (Filtered Words: 0)
Citing the advances of Communist power in recent years , Sir [FILTERED] observed : `` This very grave state of affairs will continue until the free nations accept together the reality of the danger that confronts them and unite their policies and resources to meet it '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
But don't try to stop me , either '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many things need to be checked : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] proved a man of prompt action when Mrs. [FILTERED] , accompanied by a friend , visited him in Bakersfield , California , several months ago as a prospective patient . (Filtered Words: 2)
From a few students this group gradually increased to include over three-fourths of those officially enrolled in the class , and many outsiders as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They are just asking too much '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , with all due respects and allowances , it must truthfully be said that what they heard was more syrupy than sweet , more mannered than musical . (Filtered Words: 0)
His passion and enthusiasm convey the courage and high adventure of [FILTERED]'s exploits and give the reader a unique sense of participation in the events described . (Filtered Words: 1)
It will be painted to match the paneling in the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now consider an arbitrary line , l , meeting Q in two points , Af and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
By a combination of music , lighting effects , and narration , famous events that have transpired in these locations are evoked and re-created for large audiences usually to considerable acclaim . (Filtered Words: 0)
The infant , in white terry-cloth bathrobe , her face intense and purposeful , had essayed a few wobbly steps toward her father . (Filtered Words: 0)
It enables towns to make more economical purchases and to take advantage of cash discounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No more today . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was to be nothing more than that . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the brightness of the F component of the solar corona and the brightness of the zodiacal light , an estimate of the particle sizes , concentrations , and spatial distribution can be derived for regions of space near the ecliptic plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spring was life -- and [FILTERED] in his sickroom was death . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was not so much that the shot had stunned the audience , as that they had been stunned already . (Filtered Words: 0)
we bought his records and played them in our schools and universities . (Filtered Words: 0)
But my captain might have been a Jew , but he wasn't a Jew . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I wasn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
I want nothing of Via's '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her bright eyes were twinkling . (Filtered Words: 0)
By this time there is little doubt but what election plans were complete . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You don't hate me any more '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We write this Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
It'll probably be at least an hour or two before I can check back with you . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were two rubbing sticks for making fire , two stones shaped roughly like knives , a woven-root container which held a few pounds of dried worms and the dead body of some rodent . (Filtered Words: 0)
how clearly he saw the cultural defection of experimentation as an escape for those who dare not or prefer not to face the discipline of modern traditionalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
All the bars are cut from Af brass . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drove sensual patterns off , carefully shaving his long upper lip . (Filtered Words: 0)
We , ourselves , are always eager to know how others feel about us and the way in which we live . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Three shots in that fella 'fore he hit the ground ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And trailers for boats are not what they started out to be ten years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was just miserable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The southern half , however , on account of its underbracing , was considered by boat owners a menace to navigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wore tennis shorts and a white sweater with a red V at the neck , the sleeves pushed above the elbows . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you know the trend in your cost of maintaining access roads and parking lots ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Heaven , acting through the [FILTERED] , expressed itself by means of the workings of two basic principles , the [FILTERED] and the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
The U.S. will try to get agreement among the industrialized countries to take more textile imports from the less-developed countries over the years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] selected a black taffeta frock made with a skirt of fringed tiers and worn with crimson silk slippers . (Filtered Words: 1)
For example , farm equipment shipments of International Harvester in August climbed about 5% above a year earlier , Mr. [FILTERED] reports . (Filtered Words: 1)
Instead of relatively small sales to many accounts , there are now larger sales to or through fewer accounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President helped her a lot by selecting some lovely colored dresses to get her started . (Filtered Words: 0)
Serial serum potassium levels remained normal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , won't you come in then , have a cup of coffee -- or something ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
On the social side , the chore [FILTERED] had at the formal receptions at the White House thrilled her the most . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is for them a given which they and they alone possess . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bookies , booze and babes '' , [FILTERED] said bluntly . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was , indeed , all here -- almost a century . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was thrown out , more or less , from Boston , Plymouth , Pocasset , Newport , and Providence . (Filtered Words: 0)
One might expect some spread of the disease in this case resulting in increased effectiveness of the attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
These services at which attendance is voluntary are led by the Chaplain , by the President of the College , by selected faculty members , students , and visitors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The intermediate sera were also similarly absorbed with tissue powder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Westminster Show Notes (Filtered Words: 0)
after payment has been made of the principal amounts of all such awards , to make pro rata payments on account of accrued interest on such awards as bear interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could think of no answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is also seen that Af , since the change from Af to Af is accomplished by a continuous translation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , information is retrieved from the dictionary as required by stages of the translation process -- the grammatical description for sentence-structure determination , equivalent-choice information for semantic analysis , and target-language equivalents for output construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , the silence was complete . (Filtered Words: 0)
The site (Filtered Words: 0)
She began it deliberately , so that none of her words would be lost on him . (Filtered Words: 0)
And a very young one , Swan Necklace , tried to emulate them and followed timidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
12% of them worried about their health , although their ailments were imaginary ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
) Did his mother make him this way ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Where schools , fire and police protection , and similar municipal services are of equal quality in city and country , real estate taxes are usually about the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
Foster listened with angelic patience until Digby ran down , then said , `` Listen , junior , you're an angel now -- so forget it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just a preliminary measure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] joined them . (Filtered Words: 1)
Many appeared to regard their sexual behavior as a justifiable means of gaining acceptance from and identification with others ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , a similar attack might have been made on City B whose population was known to be lousy . (Filtered Words: 0)
and I have heard many say that they are content to earn a half or a third as much as they could up North because they so much prefer the quieter habits of their home town . (Filtered Words: 0)
Text reading is terminated when a pre-determined number of forms have been stored in the text-form list . (Filtered Words: 0)
Detente urged (Filtered Words: 0)
Alternate locations exist for all key command centers . (Filtered Words: 0)
A recent newspaper report said there were five Negroes in the 1960 graduating class of nearly one thousand at Yale ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
however , production came to only 5.6 million compared to 6.2 million . (Filtered Words: 0)
A similar amateurish characteristic is revealed in Adams' failure to check the accuracy and authenticity of his informational sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
new aspirants for power will emerge whose ambitions far exceed their competence ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The gallbladder contained about 40 cc. of green-brown bile and 3 smooth , dark-green calculi measuring up to 1 cm. in diameter . (Filtered Words: 0)
He swept through the music with ease , in a non-sentimental and ultra-efficient manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
The convicts were put in chains , paraded before the congregation at the Reverend [FILTERED]'s lecture as an example , and sent to prisons in various towns , where they languished all winter , chains included . (Filtered Words: 1)
The manager of the motel was a woman who apparently didn't care . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I haven't made up my mind yet '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why me ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
SAMOS will be hard put to see through clouds -- and to see in the dark . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sipping their coffee , discussing the weather , the day's shopping , [FILTERED]'s commitments at the network ( all of which he would cancel ) , they avoided the radio , the morning TV news show , even the front page of the Santa Luisa Register , resting on the kitchen bar . (Filtered Words: 1)
We have noted how some electronic techniques , developed for the defense effort , have evenutally been used in commerce and industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the messages from Himmler , Heydrich , and [FILTERED] came in through [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]'s fountainhead spouted . (Filtered Words: 3)
The one thing he missed from his farm in the Po Valley was the animals ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Division six will be headed by the Coast Guard , followed by the reserve forces of all services , five states , Puerto Rico , the Virgin Islands , Guam , American Samoa , the trust territories and the Canal Zone . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the heart of all of this was the square , which one such traveler declared to be `` as spacious , as pleasant and aromatick a Market as any in the Universe '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually they were helpless to do anything about the nationwide policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before dawn . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was disclosed today by a responsible source amid intensified efforts by the Soviet Union to gain a greater role in the staff and operation of the United Nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was the first to get my squad on the ball , and anybody thinkin it was easy is pretty damn dumb . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED]'s call to action (Filtered Words: 1)
That the perfect continuity was composed from the joblot of memory impressions in the professor's brain , or 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This family of Luxemburg immigrants , in fact , produced two exceptional children . (Filtered Words: 0)
What I find appalling -- and really dangerous -- is the American assumption that the Negro is so contented with his lot here that only the cynical agents of a foreign power can rouse him to protest . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the stands he is lonely and lost , no matter how many are about him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I figured he was sick '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was only one place where [FILTERED] description had gone badly awry : the peace and quiet . (Filtered Words: 1)
The qualifications to vote were kept very simple . (Filtered Words: 0)
He still points an accusing finger at all of us , telling us we have neither the courage to support him nor the energy to cut his throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
He listed among the values of fiscal uniformity : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
That courtyard picture with the same initials '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would summon him once ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But Af is just the curve Af translated without rotation through a small arc , for Af is always obtained by rotating C through exactly 90-degrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hell , sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
my name is [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
during the eight-week blitz attack 25,000 soldiers died from the disease and the death rate ( formerly 5 per year per 1,000 men ) increased almost fifty times to 4 per week per 1,000 men . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this , of course , is exactly what Madison Avenue has been accused of doing albeit in a primitive way , with its `` hidden persuaders '' and what the space merchants accomplish with much greater sophistication and precision . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It is Mars '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dear Sirs : Let me begin by clearing up any possible misconception in your minds , wherever you are . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plans went in and out of Lublin , indicating German confusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] group had been formed for the express purpose of advising the Secretary General . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some people object to this in my writing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had the feeling that he should abandon the car and run off somewhere to hide . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all there is ample area in East Greenwich already zoned in the classification similar to that which petitioner requested . (Filtered Words: 0)
Commerce Secretary [FILTERED] , accompanied by a member of our staff , on May 10 toured plants of two of Italy's biggest companies -- Fiat , the auto producer , and Olivetti , maker of typewriters and calculating machines . (Filtered Words: 1)
namely , the law that prescribes the death penalty for murder when there seem to be no extenuating circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
I thought she must be seeing me as some one who had just come from seeing her grandmother , in their distant home-city . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who is quite a showman and boss of Chicago's new pro basketball Packers , is debuting a new International club , for the exclusive use of season ticket holders , in the Stock Yards Inn . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is a fine second act , as an example , one in which [FILTERED] , as Dillon , has an opportunity to blaze away in one impassioned passage after another . (Filtered Words: 1)
She seemed to work to grow close to her son in the few days he spent at home , talking to him about some of the more pleasant moments of his childhood and then trying to talk to him about those things in which he alone was interested . (Filtered Words: 0)
While clay is still pressed in mold , press three equally spaced holes 1/4'' '' deep , using pencil eraser , in bottom of clay to allow for proper drying and firing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even so , it adds up to impossible odds , except that the question arises , On whose side would the Mainland Chinese army fight ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , it's a real load '' , I told him , looking up the street at my battered Ford . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here he was enclosed and safe . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no registration fee but there will be a charge of $2.50 for the luncheon to be held in the library and fine arts building . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] reports that residents of East St. Louis have been driving across the Mississippi , through the heart of downtown St. Louis and out to the western suburbs for major shopping , simply because parking is easier at the big branches than it is in the heart of town . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Now , you no doubt regard the preceding as pap ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There certainly was not any more energy displayed after it was clear the United States would not back the pro-Western government to the hilt . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` P. J. '' -- as Ludie called the town -- was crowded with summer people who came to the mountains to escape the heat in the big cities . (Filtered Words: 0)
One lithe leg straddled the railing and swung loosely before the creaking , torn pales . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inspiring -- yes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Treasury Secretary [FILTERED] said the economy is expected to advance by a whopping 8% next year , paving the way for lower taxes . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had the same bullet head of curly reddish hair but he didn't have [FILTERED]'s pokerfaced humor or his brains or his charm . (Filtered Words: 1)
She even devised a system of colors , whereby the boy could easily distinguish the different note values . (Filtered Words: 0)
that was Pennsylvania . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jess had had enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
No doubt about [FILTERED] being the killer -- I have a witness . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Well , this is France , after all '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A small , rock-carved angel watched her from a nearby tomb , the only angel in the cemetery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some schools were technical -- the Belgians needed carpenters and mechanics to help exploit the land , and trained many . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some day , many years in the future , true spacecraft will be able to find and destroy mobile targets . (Filtered Words: 0)
On a quarter-to-quarter comparison , the first quarter of 1961 total of 9,273 cars was 21 per cent behind the previous year's 3-month total of 11,744 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was six feet one like his father , with big hands and a hairy chest , a man the weak and persecuted would turn to . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Rodney-Honor Bright ) around 2:40 . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
The ground was covered with soft pine needles and the slope was gentle . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was also stone deaf in her right ear . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's understandable , and I appreciate the sentiment . (Filtered Words: 0)
From these dosage isopleths it can be seen that an area of over 34,000 square miles was covered . (Filtered Words: 0)
lack of ability and common sense can lead to just as much tragedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
, for Engine crankshaft speed (Filtered Words: 0)
They will live in Corpus Christi . (Filtered Words: 0)
They both measure literature by moral standards , and in their political writings both allow for censorship , but the differences between them are also significant . (Filtered Words: 0)
It purports to be a letter from Steele to a friend at court , who , in Miss [FILTERED]'s opinion , could only be meant as Swift . (Filtered Words: 1)
I heard subsequently that my [FILTERED] and Aunt had dinner in a nearby restaurant in the French Quarter after which he went home to get into his costume to keep the date . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was the pursuer as clearly as was Venus in [FILTERED]'s poem . (Filtered Words: 1)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had just started swinging an ax at his second willow when the distant blast of a rifle sounded . (Filtered Words: 1)
Do you know the trend in your cost of maintaining access roads and parking lots ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Can we discover what it is in Utopia that has evoked this response ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED] has urged a peace race on disarmament that might be called `` Operation Survival '' which has many facets . (Filtered Words: 1)
The service is over , and a number of people come from the church with their spokesman Mityukh in the lead . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The position of the new camp was admirably selected and well fortified , its easily defensible nature being one good reason why [FILTERED] did not attack it . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] ( 1811-1884 ) , from a prominent Massachusetts family , in his teens was converted under the preaching of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Why not try another club '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Preliminary calibrations of the resistors have been made from 4.21 to 2.16 Af at every 0.1 Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The audience did not think much of the new pastor , and what the new pastor thought of the audience he did not dare at the time to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
He echoed again in soft wonder . (Filtered Words: 0)
as he looked at her , it registered anxiety . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their maneuvers last month , they wore World War 2 , camouflage garb and helmets , and carried unloaded M-1 rifles . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You know , I've got one of your cars at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was one more reason she didn't look forward to [FILTERED]'s visit , short or long ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
It is difficult to be certain how the administration views that $28 million , since the views of one leader may not be the same as the views of another one . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has provided them with extremely effective orchestral accompaniment (Filtered Words: 1)
A lantern hung from a peg , giving light . (Filtered Words: 0)
I mean '' (Filtered Words: 0)
A truly vivid imagination moves beyond the conventional recollection to a sense of immediacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've got cancer , haven't I '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He really didn't take the offer seriously , but he began to feel uneasy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Walls of water rushed down the slopes and filled the hollows like the crests of flash floods . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hustle '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact that AIA lists might not have been selected on a random basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The predictability of the molecular weights was found to be within 10% for the polymers prepared , with Af ratios less than 1.1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ultraviolet microscopy (Filtered Words: 0)
Travel allowances are well-regulated and pose little problem in administration and/or audit control . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Vagabonds are `` on the road '' again . (Filtered Words: 0)
the complete , in the latter part . (Filtered Words: 0)
Particularly when based upon a single dominant party , governments may respond to such a situation by claiming a monopoly of understanding about the national interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
all were fellows of finite charm . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's Curtiss '' , he said , naming the man [FILTERED] had hit . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Why didn't you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nischwitz fanned six and walked only [FILTERED] in the third inning . (Filtered Words: 1)
A certain vagueness may also be caused by tactical appreciation of the fact that the present council meeting is a semipublic affair , with no fewer than six Soviet correspondents accredited . (Filtered Words: 0)
With justified bitterness the author speaks of `` what seems to me to have been an inexcusable body of ignorance about the nature of the Russian Communist movement , about the history of its diplomacy , about what had happened in the purges , and about what had been going on in Poland and the Baltic States '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the street outside , Hieronymus envisions a holocaust of the vanities of this world , such a burning of artistic and erotic productions as his namesake actually brought to pass in Florence , and prophetically he issues his curse : `` Gladius Dei super terram cito et velociter '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , [FILTERED] makes an ideal master of ceremonies . (Filtered Words: 1)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s life was an open book , so to speak , from his birth in Jackson , Mississippi , through his basketball-playing days at L.S.U. and his attainment of a B.A. degree , which had presumably prepared him for his career as district sales manager for Peerless Business Machines . (Filtered Words: 1)
New Unifil application (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s office '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Especially in the way Gladdy had turned out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parents of the couple are [FILTERED] of [FILTERED] and the late Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] of Floresville and the late Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 5)
I had always , I said , hankered after working hard with my hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Nikita buys a small plot in some modest rural cemetery , everyone will understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had large bright eyes , the small upturned noses of all babies everywhere , and hair cropped short except for the long ringlets of paot framing their little white faces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus it follows that the secants of **zg are all invariant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie was screaming inside himself : No , damn you , you ain't gonna take my meal ticket away from me ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have tried to make both paths attractive , so that good men could find opportunity and satisfaction in either . (Filtered Words: 0)
It won't cost you a cent , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Go take helsq'iyokom , your evil spirit , to the young boys '' , the woman said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attendance continued to run ahead of last year's during the five-day show , with clear skies helping attract fairgoers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The English lady was pleased and enthusiastic . (Filtered Words: 0)
These results appear sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would not be indebted to Sam ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's about sixty , now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another case involves a newspaper reporter who tripped up a politician . (Filtered Words: 0)
Teaching the handicapped (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't get it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The planet is very low in radiation from mineral deposits , and the atmosphere seems to shield out most of the solar output . (Filtered Words: 0)
The manuscript , presumably after being smuggled out of the country , was published in Switzerland in 1943 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Greek civilization was swirling toward its great revolution , in which the developed qualities of the Hellenic outlook were suddenly to break forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reality of spirit emerges in this play in spite of the author's convictions to the contrary . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I keep all these plays in this little black book , and I watch over a twelve-hour period to find out what numbers are repeating . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nobody else did , either '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Often one floodlight high in a tree will provide all the light you need at much less expense . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was first believed the bomb was rigged to the car's starter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Undismayed by this contretemps , a small band of the faithful gathered at Lauchli's home at 6:30 A.M. the next day , put on their uniforms , and headed for a farm several miles away . (Filtered Words: 0)
His adventurous spirit had waned ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
'fess up -- don't you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
At that time , he afforded me the courtesy of his busy workday for such length as I may need , to speak about my background , my hopes , my views on various national and local topics , and any problems that I may have been vexed with at the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a spare battery , a source of light for 2 weeks or more would be assured . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both won a pretty fair-sized war with a modest assist from British strategy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Griffin's Rural Roads Authority and Byrd's 60,000 miles of county contracts would look like pauper's oaths . (Filtered Words: 0)
Confucianism had its own magic in the idea that virtue had power . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , `` There is nothing that concerns you here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wine stored for a long time should be on its side ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the most delightful trial I have ever had '' , she decided . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's go out '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] '' , admonished her mother , `` you've got all evening to visit with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The jury praised the administration and operation of the Atlanta Police Department , the Fulton Tax Commissioner's Office , the Bellwood and Alpharetta prison farms , Grady Hospital and the Fulton Health Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
He threw out some of Hutchins' more wildly experimental courses , raised sagging undergraduate enrollment to 2,100 , nearly doubled endowment to $139.3 million . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately , this assumption does not always hold good . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a few details of the system the lines are 1-1/4'' '' X-Tru-Coat , a product of Republic Steel Corp. , and all lines are welded . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , it wasn't that '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
That kind of poverty was regarded as the exclusive property of the East , which created depressions with their stock markets and their congested populations and their greedy centralization of industries , protected by discriminatory freight rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reliance is therefore not to be placed upon the archaeological particulars in an oral poem ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The main requirement is to be sure the boat is numbered according to the regulations of the state in which the boat will be principally used . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had suspected this guy was trouble , and now he was sure of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
To his delight , her eyes focused at once upon the two garments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here there is a specific preventive component which applies in a more generalized sense to any casework situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even yet there was no realization in his eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , at this moment , there should be none unless skin diving was much more dangerous than he had been led to believe . (Filtered Words: 0)
In many cases , you must file a complete set of plans with the local building inspector . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Right . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bridegroom's children were here for the Christmas holidays and can't return . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' thick and 1'' '' dia. fitted on a 1/8'' '' dia. mandrel . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had just finished unlacing the right one when the telephone rang again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make sauces ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fred , your blood matches your father's , all right '' , Dr. [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Historians have come to recognize two cardinal facts concerning nationalism and international influence . (Filtered Words: 0)
he certainly deserves not a little credit for the invention '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite the fact that he was regarded as an outstanding engineer , he seemed to be a very poor administrator , although no one quite knew what was wrong with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
But no President ever before referred to his as a `` lousy job '' ( as [FILTERED] recently quoted President [FILTERED] as doing in conversation with Sen. [FILTERED] ) . (Filtered Words: 3)
Judicial opinion since the Supreme Court decision on [FILTERED] v. [FILTERED] ( 1948 ) has rendered racial restrictive covenants unenforcible . (Filtered Words: 2)
Against such a termination of human life on earth by human action , he then proposes as an alternative that we `` negotiate at once with the Russians and get the best terms which are available '' , that we deliberately `` negotiate from comparative weakness '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , I'm here at last '' , she said , addressing the old portraits on the walls . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So it wasn't the earthquake that made him return to his village '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did you hear them ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For treatment of bloat , drug is fed at a higher level . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hatless , in an overcoat of rough blue wool , I was given a proud farewell by my mother and father , and I set out into the strangely still streets of Brooklyn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Camels in Tripoli had harelips . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tobacco was common first aid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taking Hamrick with him , [FILTERED] went to Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Because , honey , I thought silently , there are plenty of desert islands in every marriage -- long periods when you're hopelessly stranded , together . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
In a letter to Meynell , which was written in June , less than a month before [FILTERED]'s wedding , he was highly melodramatic in his despair and once again announced his intention of returning to the life of the streets : `` (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Anger won't help . (Filtered Words: 0)
B . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miraculously , the bottle was still in my hand , foam still geysering over my ( luckily ) waterproof watch . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's one of the reasons art is becoming a useless occupation . (Filtered Words: 0)
wetting a wart with this saliva on wakening the first thing in the morning was supposed to cause it to disappear after only a few treatments , and strangely enough many warts did just that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the United States and the U.S.S.R. have been arguing whether there shall be four , five or six top assistants , the most important element in the situation is not the number of deputies but the manner in which these deputies are to do their work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Members and guests will be in for an added surprise with the new wing containing 40 rooms and suites , each with its own private patio . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I do my best '' , said Mr. [FILTERED] earnestly , `` just for you , my friend . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was partially cemented by ages and pressure , yet it crumpled before the onslaught of the powerful streams , the force of a thousand fire hoses , and with the gold it held washed down through the long sluices . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the subsequent analysis of characteristics is reported only for the de jure population ( or , in some districts , only the de facto population ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has also enjoyed a successful career as an entertainer ( his records have sold in the millions ) and is a sharp businessman . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a question-and-answer gag that went around at that time : Q. `` Who'll carry the Forty-second and Forty-third wards '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His pinched face showed the ravages of malnutrition . (Filtered Words: 0)
) If your employer reimburses you for expenses incurred , you deduct such expenses if they otherwise qualify . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a moment she thought of answering with the truth but she knew there were men who shied away from virginity , who demanded some degree of education in body as well as mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the skiff hove into sight , just a dot of light at first against the roiling blackness and crimson streaks of the Coal Sack . (Filtered Words: 0)
The impact rate on 1958 Alpha for 153 events was Af for particles of mass greater than Af ( [FILTERED] , 1960 ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Bad alignment may result in early loss of teeth through a breakdown of the bony structure that supports their roots . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the rest of the year only one boat is needed , which ties up at the mainland nights and makes the trip down to Nantucket in the daytime . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the East would have to show sincerity in carrying it out '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any other reaction would have been reported instantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this time [FILTERED] appeared , urging on Constable [FILTERED] , whose name showed him to be a descendant of the [FILTERED] settlers in the neighborhood . (Filtered Words: 3)
You can have your choice of a seven-shot repeater , the 340TR ( about $40 ) or a single-shot , the 320TR ( $10 less ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
( An actor must have discipline . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lieutenant's sparse brown hair was heavily pomaded , and as [FILTERED] raked the comb through it , it stuck together in thatches so that it looked like umbrella ribs clinging to his pink skull . (Filtered Words: 1)
We were slowing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Correspondence passed back and forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether the only price of our redemption were not the death of Christ on the cross , with the rest of his sufferings and obediences , in the time of his life here , after he was born of the Virgin Mary ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Hub , you stick by the stage door . (Filtered Words: 0)
The portwatchers were retired longshoremen and small time seafarers off towboats and barges who acted as watchmen on the wharves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Flash is allowed , subject to above restrictions . (Filtered Words: 0)
To proceed from one stage to the next a sufficient number of feed states must be investigated to allow for interpolation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] bounced a hard shot off Kunkel's glove and beat it out for a single , and when Lumpe grabbed the ball and threw it over first baseman [FILTERED]'s head Brandt took third and [FILTERED] second on the error . (Filtered Words: 3)
Thirty-five military and civilian students received laboratory training . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the east side of the island of Manhattan the indifferent hawk knew the East River that connected New York Bay with Long Island Sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
This brown is sometimes so rich in medium as to appear to be oil paint . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What does he want , a spoon '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The liberal-conservative division , we might observe in passing , is not of itself directly involved in a private interest conflict nor even in struggle between ruling groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
Add things as you find you need 'em '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Press Secretary , [FILTERED] , was a child prodigy as a pianist . (Filtered Words: 1)
And fashion is the real king here . (Filtered Words: 0)
The manner in which this is shared among firms is taken as given . (Filtered Words: 0)
ivy climbed the red brick walls like a green-scaled monster . (Filtered Words: 0)
if he wanted to leave me something let it be a trinket , nothing else . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consequently , if for any reason the hypothalamic excitability falls below the physiological level , the lessened hypothalamic-cortical discharges lead to a diminished state of activity in the cortex with consequent reduction in the cortico-fugal discharges . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where do you get off , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Look in the wastebasket . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We're going after ice '' , Howard said , `` and thought maybe you'd go along and keep us company '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tonal novelties consist in the introduction of a few chords used in classical music for centuries . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the dynamics of airflow , from morphologic considerations alone , may conceivably be different in the monkey than in the horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her pride is as much at stake as her virtue ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I guess she was between affairs or something , but anyway , she had set her sights on [FILTERED] , my [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Steinhager '' She whispered Steinhager to herself , several times , memorizing it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] account of relations between Russia and the West from the fall of Tsarism to the end of World War 2 , is the finest piece of diplomatic history that has appeared in many years . (Filtered Words: 1)
Currently , marina is used to indicate a municipal or commercially operated facility where a pleasure boat may dock and find some or all of the following available : gasoline , fresh water , electricity , telephone service , ice , repair facilities , restaurants , sleeping accommodations , a general store , and a grocery store . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guy with most on the Ball . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fat man winced . (Filtered Words: 0)
A single 24-hr. composite sample had a BOD of 260 mg/l , indicating a typical domestic sewage . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following is a less extreme example of dependence . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his great and glorious wisdom , he knew that our enemies the Israelites must not be able to read therein what we planned '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cappy looked wary , but he moved off the floorboards and followed the dirty ex-musician to the center of the refuse-littered boxcar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thay may say what they please but godamit Pa it is fun '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Harlan-[FILTERED] ) 2:37 ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Strikes should be declared illegal against corporations because disagreements would have to be settled by government representatives acting as controllers of the corporation whose responsibility to the state would now be defined against proprietorship because employees and proprietors must be completely interdependent , as they are each a part of the whole . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is difficult to reconstruct the primeval fears of man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prevot came up `` . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps it should have . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third and fourth waves seemed to be the highest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Errors in technical terminology suggest that the over-all translation from the German may not convey quite everything Mr. [FILTERED] hoped to tell us . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] squirmed a little on the divan . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] led the chase after her and the other dogs strung out behind , many of them trailing blood . (Filtered Words: 1)
Judges under the jurisdiction of the Chicago board of election commissioners are instructed to do this . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a short course in Communese . (Filtered Words: 0)
But though this characterization in no way diminished Eichmann's guilt , the Prosecutor , more deeply involved in the tactics of a criminal case than a political one , would have none of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Responsibility for the Faget appointment rests with Gen. [FILTERED] , an [FILTERED] appointee as head of the Immigration Service . (Filtered Words: 2)
A final word . (Filtered Words: 0)
also secondary notions such as the perfectibility of man , the depravity of man , and the dignity of man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her speech was barren of southernisms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Quietly he determined to foil her . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Berlin he published his views of the chemical laws of nature in German and this was issued in French translation ( Paris , 1813 ) under the title Recherches Sur l'identite Des Forces chimiques et electriques , a work held in very high esteem by the new generation of research chemists . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] can help you . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , p , 3 , 2:01.1 , Great Lullwater 2:00.3 , and [FILTERED] , p , 2:05.1 have been in 2:30 ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED]'s first impulse was to denounce their blasphemy . (Filtered Words: 1)
Spencer shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked innocently . (Filtered Words: 0)
A three-dimensional exhibit depicting `` A Century Of Naval Medicine '' was formally presented to The Director by [FILTERED] , great-grandson of the founder of E. R. Squibb and Sons , for permanent display in the Museum . (Filtered Words: 1)
Within about an hour with the help of reports from seismic stations in Alaska , Arizona and California , the quake's epicenter was placed at 51 degrees North latitude and 158 degrees East longitude . (Filtered Words: 0)
What else did [FILTERED] have to say '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
and poetry , with all its emphasis on the passions , encourages the audience to give way to emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What are we going to do with these '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Several slugs fired into the bed jerked aside the blanket to reveal an apparently lifeless hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , one major difficulty is the local focus . (Filtered Words: 0)
He refused to bring [FILTERED] to it even as an occasional visitor , claiming that his every move was watched by spies of the Milbankes . (Filtered Words: 1)
In a fraction of a second the pickup truck hurtled by on the other side . (Filtered Words: 0)
But whose requirements ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Helva asked , politely . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be noted , parenthetically , that to evade `` desegregation '' an ex-Justice and former southern governor has urged Congress to abolish this reviewing authority . (Filtered Words: 0)
You want me to drop my pot '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Must have really smelled up her sweater , he thought , and wondered idly just why she kept the sweater fast-frozen . (Filtered Words: 0)
When everything had been done , Rector went back to his desk to occupy himself with his monthly report until three o'clock . (Filtered Words: 0)
How about you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
While convalescing in his Virginia home he wrote a book recording his prison experiences and escape , entitled : They Shall Not Have Me Published originally in ( Helion's ) English by Dutton & Co. of New York , in 1943 , the book was received by the press as a work of astonishing literary power and one of the most realistic accounts of World War 2 , from the French side . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a small mouth with deep furrows on either side , a large flat nose , and penetrating blue eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
There , [FILTERED] further assured him : (Filtered Words: 1)
'' She burst into tears . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was now enjoying the voyage very much . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can build this vacation cottage yourself . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is really the funeral day of scholastic science . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he didn't have any clothes on '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What would you do in my place '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Harmony , melody , counterpoint symphonic structure are there ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A `` mental image '' subconsciously impressing us from beneath its language symbols in wakeful thought , or consciously in light sleep , is actually not an image at all but is comprised of realities , viewed not in the concurrent sensory stream , but within the depths of the fourth dimension . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wanted to be with him , to give him the comfort and companionship she knew he needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked to be appointed a preacher . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's wrong at state (Filtered Words: 0)
Rep. [FILTERED] of Weatherford insisted that a water development bill passed by the Texas House of Representatives was an effort by big cities like Dallas and Fort Worth to cover up places like Paradise , a Wise County hamlet of 250 people . (Filtered Words: 1)
To prepare the latter , silver chloride was precipitated from a solution containing Af obtained from the Oak Ridge National Laboratory . (Filtered Words: 0)
The answer is , `` Yes '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Snakes are ugly and bad '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He really crucified him he nailed it for a yard loss '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Byrnes says that invariably thereafter the Soviets used the same security argument to justify their course in Poland . (Filtered Words: 0)
Context is of extreme importance . (Filtered Words: 0)
( D ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Those little children . (Filtered Words: 0)
In view of the important role which emotional disturbances play in the genesis of neurotic and psychotic disorders and the parallelism observed between autonomic states and psychological behavior in several instances , it is further suggested that a hypothalamic imbalance may play an important role in initiating mental changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctor gravely nodded approval . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mercifully , it was still open . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her answer was not in words . (Filtered Words: 0)
He replenished the dipper and handed it to his young wife riding the hurricane deck . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seated near it with his back to the door was the rancher , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
most modern adapters totally accept the world of a book , squeeze it dry of life , and add only one contribution of their own : stage technique . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you're really serious about working on that story , I'd better take you home '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now isn't it better to smile '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was free to sail on . (Filtered Words: 1)
one can take it as no more than another veil torn from the mystery of the soul . (Filtered Words: 0)
El Benefactor's vanity grew with his personal wealth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The garden supplies enough carrots , turnips , rutabagas , potatoes , beets , cabbage and squash to store for winter meals in the root cellar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes it takes several `` eatings '' of avocado to catch that delightful quality in taste that has made it such a favorite throughout the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I ain't going back there on account of one lousy kid '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The antecedents of Dipylon vases and of the Iliad lie in the Aegean past . (Filtered Words: 0)
Settled phosphors , as generally used in image intensifiers , have low optical contact with the substrate surface , hence Af shall be assumed . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was a big one '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The efficiency Af of an Af lens at the magnification Af is : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They'll tell you what's cooking '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Undoubtedly , there was a good deal of gambling in both . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ticonderoga folded a few minutes too soon , before the tide changed , still honest and stupid -- and the network of dealers the company had is around waiting to be signed up again -- waiting for us , ready-made . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The other fellow had a '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The administration has said the sales tax proposal is merely part of the segregation strategy , since the revenues from the increase would be dedicated to a grant in aid program . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cathode consisted of a 1/4'' '' diameter thoriated tungsten rod attached to a water cooled copper tube . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a group of thermometers was obtained and calibrated at the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a leader must strengthen NATO politically , and establish that true unity about which it has always talked . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Third Circuit Court of Appeals is reviewing an appeal from the plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You go . (Filtered Words: 0)
Always messing around with science stuff . (Filtered Words: 0)
The poodle came gleefully to Henrietta and begged for the flowers , supplicating the air with prayerful forepaws . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sharp division of opinion , too , and strenuous debate . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Cheerful way to spend an evening '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The six expeditions to study eclipses of the sun , of which he was a member , took him to Colorado , Virginia , and California as well as to the South Pacific and to Russia . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was most eager to make the dive ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All these -- potboilers or no -- provided a welcome breath of fresh air in the form of lively , colorful , unstuffy works well suited for the great out-of-doors . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is innocent '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both are good , daring fielders : Mantle covers more ground ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll take the truth to the people , and the people will like the truth and elect their candidate and party in November '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of 40 cities with populations of 300,000 and more , Mr. [FILTERED] carried 26 and Mr. [FILTERED] 14 . (Filtered Words: 2)
In other words , atrocities by savages wearing the uniform of the central government might be condoned , had the victims been serving the cause of dissident Katanga . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s partner was Long Jim Barnes , who tried to keep count . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` C'mon '' , he whispered ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
then , hearing the muffled boom of Howard's laughter , blushed redder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty accepted the decision with indifference and did not enter the arguments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Introduction (Filtered Words: 0)
It hadn't amounted to anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a significant fact in Japan , for only a few years ago he would have had no choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guy sulked over his drink , obviously upset by Haney's lack of appreciation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , males play a role there , but believe me when I say you wouldn't enjoy yourself one bit on Eromonga . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , UN will march blindly on to certain defeat . (Filtered Words: 0)
As they were riding along this winding road on the bench of land between the two bluffs , a volley of rifle fire suddenly crashed around the two officers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Great actors and actresses -- the most notable being [FILTERED] -- were hired to repeat their stage performances before the camera . (Filtered Words: 1)
You need tongs to handle meat ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Or his horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then it was that District Attorney [FILTERED] entered the case . (Filtered Words: 1)
Whether historically a fact or not , the legend has a certain symbolic value . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dried fruits are purchased from sources where they are neither sulphured nor sprayed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In most states , trade and industrial training is provided in a minority of the high schools , usually located in the larger cities . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is also the climax to one of the absorbing chapters in our current political history . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not about me ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes a desired acreage is offered only as part of a larger tract . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We're from the Council of Europe , British delegation . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you are a life tenant , you deduct allowable depreciation and depletion . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was just another freighter from the States , and she seemed as commonplace as her name . (Filtered Words: 0)
For thirty yards she gained rapidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , the four year provision limits this to fundamentals and much desirable material must be eliminated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parker and [FILTERED] wanted to substitute a work of art for the world . (Filtered Words: 1)
Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , 7034 Coronado . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was hoping I'd hear from you today '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within about an hour with the help of reports from seismic stations in Alaska , Arizona and California , the quake's epicenter was placed at 51 degrees North latitude and 158 degrees East longitude . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such was the impromptu that Voltaire gave to howls of laughter at Sans Souci and that was soon circulated in manuscript throughout the literary circles of Europe , to be printed sometime later , but with the name of Timon of Athens , the famous misanthrope , substituted for that of Rousseau . (Filtered Words: 0)
Palmer's dozen were honestly earned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most commercial uses of urethane foams require densities between 2 and 30 lb. / cu. ft. for rigid foams , between 1 and 3 lb. / cu. ft. for flexible foams . (Filtered Words: 0)
The action and reaction forces are R and Af , respectively , and are equal and opposite in direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Directed by [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I know , Stephen '' , she smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
In [FILTERED]. 7-4 , the input axis of the three-axis platform is shown at some point on the earth . (Filtered Words: 1)
But He set a bound to his ( state of ) sin , by interposing death , and thus causing sin to cease , putting an end to it by the dissolution of the flesh , which should take place in the earth , so that man , ceasing at length to live in sin , and dying to it , might live to God '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The club runs regular trips to the cabins , but many of the students prefer to take off in small unofficial groups for a weekend of hunting , fishing , climbing , or skiing . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stormed into Giffen's office waving a copy of the New Orleans Courier , shouting that the emancipation scheme had become a public affair , and that it would reach the `` Ears of the People on the Plantation , and make them restless & unhappy '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
They stayed in their own world on the bluff , waiting for letters and the peddler , bringing the news . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presumably those who did not have a formal church connexion had also felt the influence of Christianity to a greater or lesser extent . (Filtered Words: 0)
She would rather live in danger than die of loneliness and boredom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adam rose from the crouch necessary to enter the hut . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gen. [FILTERED] has headed the military junta the last 17 months . (Filtered Words: 1)
What can a mother do then to prevent misbehavior ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And part of a fabulous collection of vermeil hollowware , bequeathed to the White House by the late Mrs. [FILTERED] , has been taken out of its locked cases and put on display in the State dining room . (Filtered Words: 1)
Came to the Harbor as a bride and Don't worry Jed , this one is in the bag . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arm , shoulder , chest , upper and lower back strength will be aided with the Horse kick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Michigan offers the lovely Tulip Festival in Holland , Michigan , May 12-14 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes the streetcar was late . (Filtered Words: 0)
thus early forecasting of the pubescent stage would appear possible for only seven boys . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why are you trying to worry me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He : `` Come with me to the Casbah '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
a circus polka for elephants ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thereafter the audience waxed applause-happy , but discriminating operagoers reserved judgment as her singing showed signs of strain , her musicianship some questionable procedure and her acting uncomfortable stylization . (Filtered Words: 0)
He called the bar and grill where he had picked [FILTERED] up that afternoon . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] said , `` Here I am at my own home , locked out so I must stand in the road '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] could still feel a cold sweat on his slightly gray temples as he remembered what a near thing chemistry had been for him at Hanford . (Filtered Words: 1)
The rocking is actually felt in the story , a terrible and ominous rhythm that prophesies the tragedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is it likely to cost ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Lying awake at night , he could see them , laid out on the floor of his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
I start growing rapidly and this calcium atom grows along with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She didn't mention bringing Myra '' , [FILTERED] said , maneuvering the car into the next lane . (Filtered Words: 1)
This document began : `` No. 1 Newbury Port , may 30th , 1791 (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't bother , [FILTERED] '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 1)
To say this is to set aside the realness of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Change involves the displacement of form . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tobacco Road is dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
The walk and his fears had served to overheat him and his sweaty armpits cooled at the touch of the night air . (Filtered Words: 0)
But granted all this , one still would have liked to have heard a little more tonal nuance than Mr. [FILTERED] supplied . (Filtered Words: 1)
And how he could write ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The action centers about a group of outspoken and offbeat students sitting around a table in a cafeteria and their collective and ultimately fruitless search for a cup of hot coffee . (Filtered Words: 0)
A black , snake-like object swayed eerily in front of him , spewing bubbles from its flat cobra head . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Schilling test demonstrated normal absorption of vitamin Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
For by grace you have been saved through faith ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The volume of the cylinder opening in the head gasket must be computed by multiplying its area in square inches by the gasket's thickness in thousandths of an inch . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I ain't drawin' against you '' , Jess said thickly . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the resulting data the doctor can determine lung defects with hitherto unknown accuracy and detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can't '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
With one hand she held her skirt down while she took [FILTERED]'s extended hand with the other . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gradually he reached a conclusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the kind of thing that could ruin a man's life , and it was a tribute to John's strength of character and very real business ability that it hadn't ruined his . (Filtered Words: 0)
I resented them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The unsatisfactory 1958-60 expansion , he said , was not due to inadequate growth forces inherent in our economy but rather to the adverse effect of inappropriate economic policies combined with retrenching decisions resulting from the steel strike . (Filtered Words: 0)
County judges , commissioners , engineers , assessors , and others who have lived in the area for a long time may have valuable knowledge regarding the site or opinions to offer from their varied professional experiences . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was closing and within one more bound would have been able to reach the rear end of the bay , but -- and here [FILTERED] and Loveless and Ulyate were holding breath for all they were worth -- she never quite caught up that last bound . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Pirates have a 9-6 record this year and the Redbirds are 7-9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And there is no section of the nation more ardent than the South in the cold war against Communism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certain individual giants recorded later did fail to show a reasonable difference after maturity , but it is impossible to know whether this is due to captive conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not reply , going on toward the back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's ride '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , unbelievably , was not yet up and about , reassurance that [FILTERED] was human . (Filtered Words: 1)
But this in turn means that decisions are not merely imposed from the top but that there be some actual mechanism of faculty participation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What a fool I've been '' , she said quietly . (Filtered Words: 0)
and overhead projector transparency sets on the subjects of Military Sanitation : First Aid For Soldiers ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was after seven o'clock . (Filtered Words: 0)
for a spiral has motion as well as recurrence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something so incredible -- (Filtered Words: 0)
The main question raised by the incident is how much longer will UN bury its head in the sand on the Congo problem instead of facing the bitter fact that it has no solution in present terms ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was trying to smile at her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The discussion is therefore limited to a suggested procedure for realizing at least some of the potential importance of this volume for future policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He crawled into bed and switched off the light . (Filtered Words: 0)
About two-thirds of the boys now come from public schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Richards got a great performance out of his combination of youth and experience last season . (Filtered Words: 0)
In connection with our continuing development of new and more efficient mill machinery , a sounder U. S. income tax policy on depreciation of production equipment , enabling the mills to charge off the cost of new machines on a more realistic basis , could , if adopted , have favorable effects on [FILTERED]'s business in the next few years . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] delivered the opinion of the Court . (Filtered Words: 1)
When was the turning point ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] poised with the tack hammer , the homely , everyday atmosphere , all denied an attempt at murder . (Filtered Words: 1)
But the Russians use gymnastics as the first step in training for all other sports because it provides training in every basic quality except one , endurance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps tracing some of these more important symbols through the body of his work will show that Patchen's new poetry is well thought out , and remains within the mainstream of his work , while being suited to a new form . (Filtered Words: 0)
Construct sides , bottom and top as for box , using slip on scored edges and coils of clay to reinforce seams . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But now what '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He himself did not know , as he said in 1935 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time [FILTERED] kissed him lightly on the forehead . (Filtered Words: 1)
The cooperation of our exclusive American licensee , Pratt & Whitney Aircraft Division of United Aircraft Corporation , has been important in this work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reinforcements came up quickly to take advantage of the opening made by Goulding's platoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are certain tax attributes of a corporation whose nature and effect might depend on the facts of the particular reorganization involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Following the term of service in Japan , each emissary returns for a brief visit to the campus to interpret his experience to the college community . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had dinner and sat there over his coffee watching the winding pattern of traffic as it crossed the bridge and spread out like a serpent with two heads . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of our aid will go to those nearing self-sufficiency (Filtered Words: 0)
Confused and divided though this tradition may be , it is an important part of the social and cultural heritage of the group , and acts as a means of socialization , particularly for members of the rural community . (Filtered Words: 0)
Keeping conditioners quiet . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could hear horses moving around inside , and nothing else . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We're getting Friend some runs for a change , and he has been pitching good '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ludie inquired every evening , pretending that he did not care . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the parapsychology foundation's long-range experiment , readings are made by a variety of sensitives for a large number of cooperating sitters , trying to throw light on this question of the significance of mediumistic statements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Harmful drinks (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] pointed upward . (Filtered Words: 1)
The only man alive who seems qualified by his learning , his disposition and his addiction to a baroque luxuriance of language to inherit the literary mantle of [FILTERED] , Mr. [FILTERED] writes of foreign parts with a dedication to decoration worthy of a pastry chef creating a wedding cake for the marriage of a Hungarian beauty ( her third ) and an American multimillionaire ( his fourth ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
She was born [FILTERED] , her parents immigrants from Luxemburg . (Filtered Words: 1)
So , for all practical purposes , it was an independent nation and by now had its own organized government ( unrecognized outside its own borders ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had stood at the bottom of the stairs , as usual , when Mrs. [FILTERED] came down , in the same dress that is now in the Smithsonian , to greet her guests . (Filtered Words: 1)
Senate Republican Leader [FILTERED] ( Ill. ) and House Republican Leader [FILTERED] ( Ind. ) said the message did not persuade them to change their opposition to compulsory medical insurance . (Filtered Words: 2)
Styka shook his head slowly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's ten years younger than Ernest . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But I already have ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
That's the law . (Filtered Words: 0)
That community of all creation is , then , the ultimate object of our loyalty and the concrete norm of all moral judgment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Time and space have both become cinematic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should I tell him the truth about Alice ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
At this time Harriet wrote in a letter which after their finally landing in India was sent to her mother : (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not see objects as unified , self-contained , and organized figures , as a person does with normal vision . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She really is a dear little thing '' , my mother agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
or under ' Four Stems ' , I set off by asterisks cases where the combined N of stems Af was Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
During moments of intense crisis the responsibility of political leaders is overwhelming . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dingy-looking '' , was what she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had a tiny envelope tied to its wrist . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and I had not loved each other . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Be careful of the word ' gay ' , for it , too , has undergone a change . (Filtered Words: 0)
Decanting old wine aerates it fully ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , said Argiento stolidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
girls , who are more mature than boys , frown upon the youthful antics of boys of their own age . (Filtered Words: 0)
And trailer makers , those most industrialized and therefore most efficient of homebuilders , say they save hundreds of dollars by always building from the inside out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The half-man received a dromozootic implant , turned red in the face , shouted senselessly at [FILTERED] , `` Take it out , you fool ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
They may be related to mental immaturity or lack of aptitude for certain types of school work . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they unite with the Church they must find in this fellowship the satisfaction of their basic spiritual needs or they will never mature into effective Christians . (Filtered Words: 0)
Supports Katanga (Filtered Words: 0)
One-inch , No. 10 screws are used in both cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
Super again elected (Filtered Words: 0)
He has his cake and eats it too : if the workers say they are dissatisfied , this shows conscious alienation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The total heat flux from the porous plug into the plug holder is thereby Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
In steering the family toward ego-adaptive and away from maladaptive responses , the worker uses time-honored focused casework techniques of specific emotional support , clarification , and anticipatory guidance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simple `` yes '' or `` no '' answers do not reveal the different shades of opinion that the various respondents may have . (Filtered Words: 0)
The party at [FILTERED]'s penthouse gave the `` chorines '' a chance for a nostalgic frolic through all those hackneyed routines which have become a classic choreographic statement of the era's nonsense . (Filtered Words: 1)
No temptation , no virtue ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
After their supper , the evening turned into a regular `` Hoe-Down '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Time is built into the motion picture , which cannot exist without time . (Filtered Words: 0)
At Jenks Street , [FILTERED] said , the car skidded completely around , just missed two parked cars , and sped east in Jenks . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Would you advise us to act the same way ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Screvane and [FILTERED] hailed (Filtered Words: 1)
Maybe it would work the other way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should she wake him ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He halted , and looked around . (Filtered Words: 0)
Few people realize that one kiloton of nuclear explosive power will create 1,000 psi overpressure at 100 feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
At first , I thought he was out of his head , talking wildly like this . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the subject -- segregation in her native South -- has been thoroughly worked , Miss [FILTERED] uses her poet's instinct and storyteller's skill to reaffirm her place at the very top of modern American writing . (Filtered Words: 1)
We need you to start it . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one time , while still under the impression that he was dealing with a Cuban plot , the President talked about invoking a total embargo on trade with Cuba . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This time '' , [FILTERED] said , and she even kept on wiggling a little bit while she was just talking , `` you're going to tell me what I am and what I'm doing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is chairman of the committee , which includes Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , 2d , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 15)
New schools were rising , but with this went a harsh proclamation : any academic degree earned during Batista's regime was invalid . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Quotations follow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others look to more objective devices of order . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- feed at level for 2 or 3 days . (Filtered Words: 0)
a poor attempt to write an idiomatic jazz concerto ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
After reading `` Plowman's Folly '' by [FILTERED] , he stopped plowing . (Filtered Words: 1)
If art is to release us from these postulated things ( things we must think symbolically about ) and bring us back to the ineffable beauty and richness of the aesthetic component of reality in its immediacy , it must sever its connection with these common sense entities '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Right in my pocket '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next morning he summoned a group of top Democrats to his private office and broke the news : he would lead the fight to oust [FILTERED] , whom he is said to regard as `` an inferior man '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had the feeling that he should abandon the car and run off somewhere to hide . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would have to climb back down to the street and signal a cop . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those O'Dwyers had that Irish clannishness that made them stick together in spite of politics and everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
The swirling sand made Quint's limp more pronounced . (Filtered Words: 0)
Higher proportions were sampled in urban and mixed communities than in rural areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
By reducing rates as much as 60 per cent , it and its associated railroads hope to win back some of the business they have lost to truckers and barge lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Opportunities for Christian service (Filtered Words: 0)
See you in about an hour '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other countries which may willingly or unwillingly become Communist can furnish bases . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Denver-area TV audience was privileged to see Mays' four home runs , thanks to a new arrangement made by [FILTERED] that the games are not to be blacked out when his Bears are playing at home . (Filtered Words: 1)
forecasting economic activity is a hazardous undertaking even for the specialist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nostalgic Yankee readers of [FILTERED] are today informed by proud Georgians that Tobacco Road is buried beneath a four-lane super highway , over which travel each day suburbanite businessmen more concerned with the Dow-Jones average than with the cotton crop . (Filtered Words: 1)
The week after Manassas the sound of horses in the yard brought [FILTERED] up in shock from an afternoon's rest when she saw the Federal soldiers from her upstairs window . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yes , indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
they compose a painful elegy to what might have been , to a marriage that began with a promise of happiness , and ended in long years of suffering and hatred . (Filtered Words: 0)
His handwriting was on a rock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every man who dabbles in the market to make a little easy money on the side and suffers losses could at the time hardly face his wife who was wondering how her husband could be so dumb . (Filtered Words: 0)
The miserable people of China , the largest cast ever conscripted to enact an ideological passion play , cannot themselves resist overtly . (Filtered Words: 0)
More importantly , several of the more advanced of the less developed countries have found through experience that they must plan their own complex investment programs for at least 5 years forward and tentatively for considerably more than that if they are to be sure that the various interdependent activities involved are all to take place in the proper sequence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or have a sign on his car that says , ' Here Comes the Paxton Kidnapper ' '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Surface temperature gradients have been found to exist in liquid helium baths contained in 15- and 25-liter metallic storage dewars . (Filtered Words: 0)
The defendant , [FILTERED] 3 , 23 , of 3211 Park pl. , Evanston , who pleaded guilty to reckless driving , also was ordered by Judge [FILTERED] to attend the Evanston traffic school each Tuesday night for one month . (Filtered Words: 2)
But he further said that it was better politics to let others question the wisdom of administration policies first . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose a [FILTERED] sailor had sneaked a cigarette in the hold and touched off the blaze . (Filtered Words: 1)
Miss [FILTERED] first sang [FILTERED] at Covent Garden in 1959 . (Filtered Words: 2)
He would cross to Manhattan , to Harlem Heights , before morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the discharge the magnetic forces set up by the passage of current cause the edges of the foil to roll inward toward its center line , thus allowing light to pass into the camera . (Filtered Words: 0)
In both cases the individual tends to be treated as an instrument of the organic reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experimental apparatus (Filtered Words: 0)
I was told that it is quite likely that Japanese soldiers would not fight again -- for why should they ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been `` seeing things '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED]'s bread is so good and everything tastes so much better here that it is hard not to eat too much '' , said the secretary ruefully eyeing her extra pounds . (Filtered Words: 1)
Determine the ratio of 40% to the average per capita income of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know they will be good . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cleaning process (Filtered Words: 0)
The man opened his mouth wider . (Filtered Words: 0)
They criticized parents for never having emphasized traditional concepts of right and wrong ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But we cannot start off with a clean slate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The quest for methods (Filtered Words: 0)
It was then that [FILTERED] and Braque were confronted with a unique dilemma : they had to choose between illusion and representation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Or singlehandedly decided to reverse national policy and hit the Soviets without provocation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Black and white is her favorite color combination along with lively glowing pinks , reds , blues and greens . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have better rooms vacant now '' , he babbled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The medical examiner states that death was due to `` natural causes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To have any success in this effort , we must ourselves view it as an enterprise stretching over a considerable number of years , and we must encourage the recipients of our aid to view it in the same fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now I learn I cannot enter Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
And watch for a headline from this pair any time now . (Filtered Words: 0)
The shorts alone remained . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the bedroom before the husband and wife find their way to the bed , the lights go on : `` In dull domestic radiance I watch her staring face , still blind , Start wincing in obedience To dirty waters , counters , pots and pans , Waiting below stairs , in her mind '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aside from the Ruger carbine , a number of hunting rifles have been introduced for the first time . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a simple ivory crucifix which my mother had given me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perier's intrigues gained some successes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The innocence that they tried to conceal at the beginning is clearly destroyed forever when one of them , asking for a piece of lemon-meringue pie , gets a plate of English muffins instead . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Be a good turtle '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And even more right . (Filtered Words: 0)
I made plans for the afternoon -- doing the breakfast and luncheon dishes all at once , making the beds , and then maybe painting the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked , when she passed him a glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
It ranged from a freshman woman , just married , through the various academic growth stages , including one senior-graduate student , to a young faculty member recently married to a senior man who also attended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hansen arrived just before nightfall , two hours late , in company with [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` In the past anyone who said that 90% of all malocclusion is hereditary was scoffed at ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] supported the man to the edge of the bank and passed the frail figure over the bow of the nearest skiff . (Filtered Words: 1)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others carried extra clips for the Browning Automatic Rifle , which was in the hands of a little Mexican named [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Position these using six intermediate temporary Af spacers and locate the upper 12'' '' bar `` A '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One Republican senator told this correspondent that he was constantly being asked why he didn't attack the [FILTERED] administration on this score . (Filtered Words: 1)
The idea of the march pleased her . (Filtered Words: 0)
A more detailed description of dictionary operations -- text lookup and dictionary modification -- gives a clearer picture . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
You will discover you keep the sauce for basting meat in one , use six for drinks , serve soup or coffee in another half-dozen -- and need one more to mix the salad dressing . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were the early departures ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The whole system was again reviewed and reorganized in 1933 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Portland school board was asked Monday to take a positive stand towards developing and coordinating with Portland's civil defense more plans for the city's schools in event of attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
This circular edifice , constructed by Agrippa in B.C. 27 , was rebuilt in its present shape by the Emperor Hadrian . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This '' , he said , `` is exactly what has been happening between the politically free nations in the postwar world . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a moment's thought he replied , `` That still leaves you a lot of latitude '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Publicity accounted for 1.1 per cent of the initial contacts with new members . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Where schools , fire and police protection , and similar municipal services are of equal quality in city and country , real estate taxes are usually about the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where are they '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
On this giddy and oscillating platform over fifty feet from the floor , after a first dusting , we began to wash . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went down like a wet rag and the attackers hit the dirt in the face of the withering enemy fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] swore . (Filtered Words: 1)
Although the play does show a certain structural amateurishness ( there are eleven acts varying in length from twenty-five seconds to an hour and a half ) , the statement it makes concerning the ceaseless yearning and searching of youth is profound and worthy of our attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
He insulted [FILTERED] ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Rebs who owned slaves occasionally would include in their letters admonitions or greetings to members of the Negro community . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is my studied conviction that no nation will ever risk general war against us unless we should become so foolish as to neglect the defense forces we now so powerfully support . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED] singer ( and a good one ) , and the Ike Isaacs Trio , which has done such wonderful work for two afternoons now , helping him with the musical examples . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` That's Mrs. [FILTERED] again '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some of those vaguely-imagined new , different people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although he incited a few friendly Indians to pillage the invaders , and even kill some of them , the Carolina advance continued . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How can a planet with so many neighbors be so lonely '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Accompanied by `` Master Greene our solicitor '' ( [FILTERED] of the Middle Temple , [FILTERED]'s `` cousin '' ) , [FILTERED] tried to consult Sir [FILTERED] , attorney general , and gave money to a clerk and a doorkeeper `` that we might have access to their master for his counsel butt colde nott have him att Leasure by the reason of thees trobles '' ( the Essex rising on February 8 ) . (Filtered Words: 4)
`` Over this way ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This throwed the animal off balance , and over it'd crash onto its head and shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
his fists clutched so tightly that his knuckles hurt . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Palace was an elaborate establishment , built practically on stilts in front , with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch . (Filtered Words: 0)
The forces to be supported include an Army of 14 divisions and 870,000 men ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
indeed , it is maintained that the sexual element in jazz , by freeing the listener of his inhibitions , can have therapeutic value . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly Poet stopped struggling and the two of them hung suspended in the water , not rising , not sinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cooling coil is located in the furnace's outlet . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he sees the heroic in a Sartoris or a Sutpen , he sees also -- and he shows -- the blind and the mean , and he sees the Compson family disintegrating from within . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the early humorists already mentioned , [FILTERED] , can be used to illustrate another point where [FILTERED] touches authentic Southern materials and also earlier literary treatment of those materials . (Filtered Words: 2)
Washington ( UPI ) (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish I did . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some substances , auxiliary properties such as the melting point are given . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s unusual interest in telegraphy has often been attributed to the fact that the Rev. [FILTERED] , headmaster of Burr and Burton Seminary , was a personal friend and correspondent of the inventor , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
As the two cars roared by , there was a high-pitched eerie , nerve-shattering sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
A significant reduction in the voume of store information is thus realized , especially for a highly inflected language such as Russian . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , as the lone male , meets the competition well with some brilliant hits , but the work is designed to belong to the ladies . (Filtered Words: 1)
Borrowing in anticipation of current taxes and other revenues is a routine procedure of the majority of municipalities at all times . (Filtered Words: 0)
As of October 25 , the AEC had reported 24 shots in the new Soviet series , 12 of them in a megaton range , including a super bomb with a yield of 30 to 50 megatons ( the equivalent of 30 million to 50 million tons of TNT ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This softened the skin so that in the morning when the bandage was removed the corn could be scraped off and a bit of corn plaster put on . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes , the State's allotment percentage must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was criticized for his curtness and abruptness -- and he answered : `` I am not working to become popular '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
a schematic , abstract treatment of men and animals , by intent , rose only in the late eighth century . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a time of revelations for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll call your mother as soon as I get home . (Filtered Words: 0)
This program is based on the policy of designing and building efficient machines which will help produce better textile values -- fabrics whose cost in relation to quality , fashion and utility provide the consumer with better textile products for the money . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us put Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
And find in the answer a license to be a variant of the human species . (Filtered Words: 0)
They move only in accordance with what is in their natures . (Filtered Words: 0)
One's daily work becomes sacred , since it is performed in the field of influence of the moral law , dealing as it does with people as well as with matter and energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's enough '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will do no good to seek God's forgiveness until we have forgiven those who have done us wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one of the very few letters in which he ever complained of Meynell , Thompson told Patmore of his distress at having had to leave London before this new friendship had developed further : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
If , however , we are seeking the optimal R-stage policy for a given feed state , only one search for a maximum is required at the final step . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the next hour he scrambled happily up and down the ladder , sharing the excitement of reporters who had seen McKinley's assassination , the Iroquois Theater fire in Chicago , and the Hall-Mills trial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] will return next week from Bermuda . (Filtered Words: 1)
The colored people are getting employment at Kent House and other places , and they are near their places of employment . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's no sense in being reminded of times that were . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] was about 21 , with skin the color of bitter chocolate , and if you discounted the plain dress and worn slippers , she was startlingly pretty . (Filtered Words: 1)
You certainly can't expect the infield to do any better than it did last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
By Wednesday the landlord was still alive . (Filtered Words: 0)
I just came out here to know it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When did women begin to assert themselves sexually ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
one here and one that's out quite a ways where there's usually curb parking '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wore the clothes of a laborer , and she was wondrously seductive in a yellow and orange dress . (Filtered Words: 0)
The orchestra was obviously on its mettle and it played most responsively . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man , [FILTERED] said , explained that it was not only too long and detailed but that as it stood it wasn't the sort of thing the public wanted . (Filtered Words: 1)
Many autistic children grow up to lead relatively normal lives . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three hours later , while we were bailing desperately , a dot of land came into view . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We all feel guilty '' , I turned away from her coldly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Very likely it will also include a recognition that the work we are reading reflects or `` belongs to '' some way of thought labelled as a `` school '' or an `` -ism '' , i.e. a complex or `` syndrome '' of ideas occurring together with sufficient prominence to warrant identification . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would reach him at almost exactly the same instant . (Filtered Words: 0)
We find it in Plato's Republic , and in Utopia More acknowledges his debt to that book . (Filtered Words: 0)
The accumulation of such devices , however , soon had the effect of telescoping , even while separating , surface and depth . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] knew her too well to find it impossible . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` People and soils respond slowly '' , says [FILTERED] , `` but the time has now come when the gardens produce delicious long-keeping vegetables due to this enrichment program . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mostly , she stayed in bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would assign one of the rescue trucks to the Riverside section of the city and the other to the Rumford area . (Filtered Words: 0)
The practice of state-owned vehicles for use of employees on business dates back over forty years . (Filtered Words: 0)
This can usually be found out at the nearest town hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked at me provocatively . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tougher than plastic , it wears well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , impulses still exist among the ruling elite to rationalize and thus to perpetuate the need for centralized and authoritarian practices . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whereas a high percentage of the regular students can be expected to read other texts which more or less plow the same ground in a little different direction , the married students chose whole books on specific areas and went into much greater detail in their areas of interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
This town should not be confused with Pawtucket , just north of Providence , or Pawcatuck , Connecticut , on the Pawcatuck River , opposite Westerly , Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's that peaked kind '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must , consequently , exist as a self-perceived substantive , developing agent , or he does not exist as man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be sure the tappets are not pinched by a twisted 1/2'' '' sq. spacer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather it is a division established by two absolutely different ways of thought with regard to man's life in society . (Filtered Words: 0)
The German courteously indicated that [FILTERED] should mount first . (Filtered Words: 1)
What is surprising and pleasant is that [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , under constant pressure from writers and photographers , are trying to be cooperative . (Filtered Words: 2)
The basic objectives in each instance are to make available supplies of food during the intervals between harvesting or slaughter , to minimize losses resulting from the action of microorganisms and insects , and to make it possible to transport foods from the area of harvest or production to areas of consumption . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other group of antithyroid agents or drugs is typified by thiouracil . (Filtered Words: 0)
So we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops , as contrasted to the generalist , who knows less and less about more and more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was it a birthday ball ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But didn't they get off too easy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Both hated [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Pap-pap-pap-hey '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as he knew that she had stopped loving him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In textiles , as elsewhere , a major part of the solution lies in greater efficiency and higher productivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] in town for a day . (Filtered Words: 1)
The boy waited at the corner , with the jar of water held up to me in his hands , and the water had grown bubbly in the heat of the morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such efforts almost always find themselves compelled to ask whether [FILTERED] was created capable of growing old and then older and then still older , in short , whether [FILTERED]'s life was intended to be part of the process of time . (Filtered Words: 2)
The first sampling census in the Congo extended over a three-year period , 1955 - 57 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This refugee was a middle-aged man , a big , handsome man with a strut to his walk as I have never before seen . (Filtered Words: 0)
But fifty years later the trilogy still maintains a firm place in the list of standard works on the unification of Italy , a position cautiously prophesied by the reviewers at the time of publication . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had a private contest to see which one could make the most words from the letters in `` importunately '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Of this I am proud . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He bases his approach on the belief that anything can follow anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was not an overnight guest in the White House , but Mr. [FILTERED] , the chief usher , had Mama check her fur coat when she came in , and take care of her needs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Morgan filled the fire box with wood again , then started supper and set the table . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next Knight ( Knight Dream-Next Time ) 2:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
every morning , I lay out his clothes on it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's why I think of plays . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( 1949 ) has concluded that the most active preparations of TSH made during this period , from 1931 to 1945 , were probably about 100 to 300 times as potent as the starting material . (Filtered Words: 1)
The tragic irony of the play is that the very belief in and concern with a devil who could be met in the woods and combatted with formulae set out in books was the very thing that prevented them from detecting the real devil when he came among them . (Filtered Words: 0)
None of the Trujillo family remains . (Filtered Words: 0)
Important as was Mr. [FILTERED]'s essay , his thesis is so restricting as to deny [FILTERED] the stature which he obviously has . (Filtered Words: 2)
The examples were plain . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Company of the Indies , holding to its program of economy , made no arrangements to furnish better goods at attractive prices . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] had gotten Wally on the phone , and fired him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cutting short a holiday at Hong Kong , the aircraft carriers Lexington and Bennington steamed off into the South China Sea , accompanied by a swarm of destroyers , plus troopships loaded with marines . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` For God's sake '' , [FILTERED] said , waving the manager away . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now [FILTERED] , seeming with effort to shake himself from lethargy , spoke . (Filtered Words: 1)
The removal of Miss Packard 18 years earlier had caused them great sorrow , but they still had Miss [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sigmen himself must have foreseen it . (Filtered Words: 0)
So we are the more prepared to give Parker the credit for having taken the right side in an unnecessary controversy , to salute his courage , and to pass on , happily forgetting both him and the entire episode . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1942 , however , the nation was at war . (Filtered Words: 0)
I guess he wants to ask you some questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both have excellent integration of their fiscal tax collection year calendars . (Filtered Words: 0)
but , in Senator [FILTERED]'s words , it was `` not a very encouraging '' situation that would confront [FILTERED] on Inauguration Day . (Filtered Words: 2)
It is now harder to assume telepathy as a basis for the statements -- though research still does not know how far afield ESP can range . (Filtered Words: 0)
your livelihood . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had been here fifty years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , what is its concentration in normal circumstances and in what circumstances will this concentration depart from the normal level and in which direction ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You get a good , loyal husband -- smack ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Stock designs are excellent for use with scopes . (Filtered Words: 0)
A House committee which heard his local option proposal is expected to give it a favorable report , although the resolution faces hard sledding later . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ticonderoga folded a few minutes too soon , before the tide changed , still honest and stupid -- and the network of dealers the company had is around waiting to be signed up again -- waiting for us , ready-made . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said with intense feeling : `` Come near , let me feel your arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
A suspicion was growing that [FILTERED] was a Communist . (Filtered Words: 1)
Many factors contributed to the growth of the European movement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let N be a linear operator on the vector space V . (Filtered Words: 0)
What can a mother do then to prevent misbehavior ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These are mentalities which crave action -- and they are beginning to get it , as Messrs. [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] report on page 372 . (Filtered Words: 2)
That's what I mean by no heart for the game . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was too bad he wasn't a Catholic himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dallas , Tex. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How wonderful to see your cherished self . (Filtered Words: 0)
I started to say something else appropriate , but the man had hung up . (Filtered Words: 0)
What I meant to say was that I started to start in on the dishes by gathering them all together in the kitchen sink . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spoke , in a voice as immaculate as his appearance . (Filtered Words: 0)
but [FILTERED] said he had watched them marching west early in the morning , and moving at a much brisker pace it had still taken half an hour for their column to pass , what with the narrowness of the road and their baggage and ammunition carts . (Filtered Words: 1)
She'll move to [FILTERED] after years in Paris . (Filtered Words: 1)
Uncle [FILTERED] was the immediate popular suspect . (Filtered Words: 1)
My mother wanted to call me Sylphide , but it sounded too affected '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
explanation of matching formula . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aristotle also tended to stratify all aspects of human nature and activity into levels of excellence and , like [FILTERED] , he put the pure and unimpassioned intellect on the top level . (Filtered Words: 1)
I wanted him , with a terrifying fierceness . (Filtered Words: 0)
To this meek conjugation [FILTERED] had replied , `` O.K. I can use this blanket . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps it is not fair to mention some people without mentioning all . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could hardly believe such good luck was mine . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , your honor '' , replied Bellows . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stayed here to work for Aliah . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Morning , Lieutenant Rinker '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since it is not far from Viareggio , he will visit [FILTERED]'s house , as he never fails to do , to pay his respects to the memory of the composer of La Boheme , which he considers one of [FILTERED]'s masterpieces . (Filtered Words: 2)
The policies which govern the program 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I saw the boy Dandy at the Congo Square festivities and felt sorry for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm not good at that kind of thing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rapid advance in science today suggests many other avenues of investigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
If my pass is approved , I may be a half hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
Speaking from long years of experience , Mrs. [FILTERED] advised the Juniors : `` When showing dogs ceases to be fun and excitement , stop ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Finally , at Ye Olde Gasse Filling Station on Avocado Avenue , they learned that their man , having paused to get oil for his car , had asked about the route to San Diego . (Filtered Words: 0)
writes : Do steam baths have any health value ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the last war Russia lost more than ten million killed and its lands and factories were devastated . (Filtered Words: 0)
You've probably given a lot of Christmas-season thought to the guns in your rack , but it's not easy to decide on a new one . (Filtered Words: 0)
If , as she walked , her steps fumbled from time to time , she chose to ignore that omen . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to maintain economic balance . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a way , he couldn't blame her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many years later ( on August 3 , 1915 ) , [FILTERED] wrote [FILTERED]'s daughter soon to be graduated from Smith College : `` While I love botany which , after dabbling in for years , I studied according to the methods of that day exactly forty years ago in a summer school , it must be fascinating to take up zoology in the way you are doing . (Filtered Words: 2)
He opened the door and followed Rourke out . (Filtered Words: 0)
French Revolution -- Conservative Revolution ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was a house painter . (Filtered Words: 1)
Violence always made him tired , but he was not frightened . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1960 one-quarter of the 92.5 million recreation visits to the National Forests and Grasslands were for the primary purpose of hunting and fishing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Visitors are welcome to come see what these dedicated mothers can do . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was looking out at the garden . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm not pulling your leg . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he is not the only one who knows why he is always in company : the people who are watching him know why , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get much mileage '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He got back into the batter's box and on the next pitch dropped into the dirt again . (Filtered Words: 0)
He laughed , suddenly , feeling a surge of power telling him of his hold over them , seeing himself before them , receiving utmost respect and attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Command post was underground , and well camouflaged . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was suddenly conscious of my bare arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sequence of equations ( 6 ) can be solved for Af when Af is known , and clearly Af , the maximization being over all admissible Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] is away '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 1)
The minimum total potential energy is found by taking the derivative with respect to H and equating to zero . (Filtered Words: 0)
I assumed it was one of those hour-long conversations with Dolly or Constance , she comfortable in bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , the four year provision limits this to fundamentals and much desirable material must be eliminated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charlayne studied journalism at Detroit's Wayne State University . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are molded of a special weather-resistant formulation of Tenite butyrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a series of fairy tales and fantasies , Melies demonstrated that the film is superbly equipped to tell a straightforward story , with beginning , middle and end , complications , resolutions , climaxes , and conclusions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then trim the excess . (Filtered Words: 0)
Toward the end of his fourth hairy highball , while he was moodily making wet rings on the table-top with the bottom of the glass , he became aware that he was not alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
A professional gunman would not have killed her with a weapon of such small caliber as a (Filtered Words: 0)
When he saw [FILTERED] sitting alone , the tinkling sound stopped . (Filtered Words: 1)
This was a bull of a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Molotov altogether rejects the line of peaceful coexistence , reducing this concept merely to the state of peace or rather , the absence of war at a given moment , and to a denial of the possibility of averting a world war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strings keep souls in place (Filtered Words: 0)
But now [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Heat transfer by molecular conduction as well as by radiation from the arc column . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was about that time , a board member said later , that Dr. [FILTERED] , Jr. , State superintendent of schools , told Dr. [FILTERED] and a number of other education officials that he would not talk to them with a recording machine sitting in front of him . (Filtered Words: 2)
There would be no conceivable sense in going to the opposite extreme of selecting items whose forms are the most unstable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The oxen might as well enjoy it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Excellent in their way , they lack the wide appeal of The Charles Men , and need not detain us here . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the conclusion of the first phase of a process of tragic recollection , and of refining the recollection , that will last as long as there are Jews . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Negro faces as much , if not more , difficulty in fitting himself into an urban economy as he did in an agrarian one . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So there it is '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
They knew what they could do and it was often a little more than I thought they could do . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , however , both principles have always been nebulous and loosely defined . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hearst hopped into a private railroad car with [FILTERED] and made an arduous personal canvass for delegates in the western and southern states , always wearing a frock coat , listening intently to local politicians , and generally making a good impression . (Filtered Words: 1)
The waves of a 1923 tsunami in Sagami Bay brought to the surface and battered to death huge numbers of fishes that normally live at a depth of 3,000 feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't you see the difference now '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A team is a team '' , insisted [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nor did the Trial devote much attention to exposing the usefulness of anti-Semitism to the Nazis , both in building their own power and in destroying that of rival organizations and states . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trucks today help pay for this highway . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , born about 1565 , had inherited Milcote on the execution of his father Lodowick for murder in 1589 . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- Opportunities for Christian service (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He is aware he will not live for twenty-four hours if he betrays you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' , she said , almost in a whisper , as if admitting to a crime . (Filtered Words: 0)
At its best the abstract expressionists achieve a simple rococo decorative surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
They tell you horses go crazy at the sight or smell of a bear or a lion , but these didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , Mr. [FILTERED] , and Mr. [FILTERED] , at one and the same time . (Filtered Words: 3)
His comrades were all dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
it had reached the pre-war level of efficiency by 1951 . (Filtered Words: 0)
2.4 the continuous deterministic process (Filtered Words: 0)
One night , Mama came home practically in a state of shock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Catch for Chicago (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps one of the reasons these Sonatas are not programmed more often is their great length . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was possible to maintain aerobic conditions in the pond by regular additions of sodium nitrate until the temperature decreased and the algae population changed from blue-green to green algae . (Filtered Words: 0)
Japan did something to a man -- and it wasn't just Japan , either , because the same thing applied anywhere overseas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Philadelphia , Jan. 23 (Filtered Words: 0)
At the moment of crisis it had no more depth than an old school tie . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus at the same time that [FILTERED] was preparing to pacify the aborigines of Indiana Territory and winning fame at the battle of Tippecanoe , Anglo-Saxon settlement made a great leap into the center of the North American continent to the west of the American agricultural frontier . (Filtered Words: 1)
He remembered [FILTERED] , and the child . (Filtered Words: 1)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
As mentioned , the primary allocation objective to be followed in the allocation of stations on clear channels is the provision of widespread service , free from destructive interference . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] once stayed a fortnight at the Palace , and he was so pleased with omelet Arbogast that he introduced it at his restaurant in New York J. Pierpont Morgan had come in his private train to San Francisco , to attend an Episcopal convention , and brought the restaurateur with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
If only [FILTERED] could do that , whatever the thing he remembered and told . (Filtered Words: 1)
From Baton Rouge . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's a new land . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the morning following the Pratt Hall meeting the editor of the Providence Daily Journal wrote that although the meeting was milder and less extreme than those held in other areas for similar purposes , it could have been avoided completely . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is basing his guess on new government statistics that show business has broadened its stride -- a new record high in personal income , an increase in housing starts , a spurt in retail sales and a gain in orders for durable goods . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are only halfway measures , and the answer will come when some way is found to allow the technical man in industry to progress without limit in salary and prestige '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is they who read -- and make -- Jewish best-sellers and then persuade their husbands to read them . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is important to note the work of the United States Power Squadrons and the U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary . (Filtered Words: 0)
His reading ranged from Agatha Christie to The Book Of Job and he had an insatiable interest in his fellow-creatures , while his letters were full of gossip about new politicians and old men of letters with whom he had been intimately thrown six decades before . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's understandable , and I appreciate the sentiment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , the only conceivable alternatives are those represented , on the one hand , by the two at least apparently self-consistent but mutually exclusive positions of Buri and Barth and , on the other hand , by the third but really pseudo position ( analogous to a round square ) of Bultmann . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their maneuvers last month , they wore World War 2 , camouflage garb and helmets , and carried unloaded M-1 rifles . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the patient can perceive figure kinesthetically when he cannot perceive it visually , then , it would seem , the sense of touch has immediate contact with the spatial aspects of things in independence of visual representations , at least in regard to two dimensions , and , as we shall see , even this much spatial awareness on the part of unaided touch is denied by the authors . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , I chuckled , `` I'm just beginning to collect dividends on my investment in education '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her horse , rather . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of greater interest is a question as to whether movable property was assessed according to its location or ownership . (Filtered Words: 0)
I used the alias of [FILTERED] , gave the first three letters and the first and last figure of the license number on the agency heap , but a couple of phony numbers in between . (Filtered Words: 1)
The 2% increase in retail sales in October to a 4-month high is encouraging in this connection as well as the most recent consumer survey by the National Industrial Conference Board , which shows a decided pickup in consumer spending plans . (Filtered Words: 0)
Professor [FILTERED] , Sweden's foremost critic of the period , acclaims it as follows : `` In this we have the verse of a painter ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
I never had the courage to look at them , when my projected volume became hopeless , fearing they were poor , until now when I was obliged to do so . (Filtered Words: 0)
It certainly isn't mine . (Filtered Words: 0)
The metal collar gagging his neck ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
) Back home in Coolidge , Ariz. , his 36-year-old wife , [FILTERED] , said : `` I thought they were going to Phoenix to look for jobs '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
And though in his later years he revised his poems many times , the revisions did not alter the essential nature of the style which he had established before he was thirty ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Goddamn niggers , Lord . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again the student of evolutionary biology will find a fascinating , if to our minds grotesque , anticipation of the theory of chance variations and the natural elimination of the unfit in Lucretius , who in turn seems to have borrowed the concept from the philosopher [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brig. Gen. and Mrs. [FILTERED] will entertain at a black tie dinner Wednesday , May 3 , in the Officers' Club at the Air Force Academy . (Filtered Words: 1)
We need a doctrine of imitation to save us from the solipsism and futility of pure formalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the hardest chores a detective has is hanging around on a city street , trying to make himself inconspicuous , keeping an eye on the entrance of an office building and waiting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eight men were tried together in U.S. District Court in Anniston , Ala. , on charges of interfering with interstate transportation and conspiracy growing out of a white mob's attack on a Greyhound bus carrying the first of the Freedom Riders . (Filtered Words: 0)
The writer began this special class by explaining his background thinking for creating such a section in the first place . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most distressing of these scenes occurred at Spring Green toward the end of the open warfare , on a beautiful day in June . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I Saw Stars '' , `` Lover Man '' , `` Menilmontant '' and `` Swing 42 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dentist last night , for instance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us have more benches and fewer forbidden areas around fountains and gardens . (Filtered Words: 0)
I shall continue to urge the American people , in the interests of their own security , prosperity and peace , to make sure that their own part of this great project be amply and cheerfully supported . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this time [FILTERED] appeared , urging on Constable [FILTERED] , whose name showed him to be a descendant of the [FILTERED] settlers in the neighborhood . (Filtered Words: 3)
For this , the Peace Corps should be administered by a small , new , alive agency operating as one component in our whole overseas operation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You wouldn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was up to her to save Poor John , dear John , to undo the wrong she had done , but she trembled at the decision as at the brink of a cold stream . (Filtered Words: 0)
Analysis (Filtered Words: 0)
But contrary to what was implied during the campaign , prestige is surely not important for its own sake . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
this would stop the flow and also prevent infection . (Filtered Words: 0)
Specific staining by DEAE-cellulose treated Af and Af , although clearly distinguishable under the microscope from either nonspecific staining or autofluorescence of cells , was not satisfactorily photographed to show such differences in spite of many attempts with black and white and color photography . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was also a boomerang , elaborately carved . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] fashioned much of pre-Revolutionary radical ideology , wrote the constitution of his home state of Massachusetts , negotiated , with Franklin and [FILTERED] , the peace with Britain and served as our first Vice President and our second President . (Filtered Words: 2)
if any words or phrases are formulaic , they will be . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' She burst into tears . (Filtered Words: 0)
This brown is sometimes so rich in medium as to appear to be oil paint . (Filtered Words: 0)
To stop bleeding , cobwebs were applied to cuts and wounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hell you say '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be good for her . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think that all Americans will resent deeply the statements made about President [FILTERED] by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Troopers said the child ran into the path of a passing car a half-mile north of Calvary on Georgia 111 in Grady County . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' , he conceded finally , `` if you must know , I don't get along with the landlord . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I drive my own car by courtesy of Via '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I never met [FILTERED] , whose style was a sort of verbal fog and who had written asking me to go to Mexico with him when he was investigating the cause of [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
When she had wiped some of the lipstick from her mouth , she stared solemnly at her image in the mirror . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s eyes flicked up from his instrument panel . (Filtered Words: 1)
The waters lay muddy but placid , without a ripple of movement against the wheels ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If competition beats you to it , this exciting new product era can have real headaches in store . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if [FILTERED] got involved in murder or salacious scandal , the role would probably go to the sponsor's wife , Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Fees are about half to a third of what they were 25 years ago '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
in the double sentence the smaller the town , the friendlier the people it will generally be on the subjects the town and the people . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were no depressingly serious cases : the ward doctor sometimes teamed up with the chaplain to serve as a marriage counselor -- sometimes the Navy sent people back to the States to preserve a marriage -- but mental health as a rule was very high . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most fundamental concept of the new approach to economic aid is the focusing of our attention , our resources , and our energies on the effort to promote the economic and social development of the less developed countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
To interpret , indeed , the era from 1000 to 800 as a period mainly of consolidation may be a necessary but unfortunate defect born of our lack of detailed information ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the spectators was the noted exotic dancer , Patti Waggin who is Mrs. [FILTERED] when off the stage . (Filtered Words: 1)
Simmer about 10 minutes , and keep warm for serving . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your first impression of this elongated square with its three elegant fountains , its two churches that almost face each other , and its russet-colored buildings , is a sense of restful spaciousness -- particularly welcome after wandering around the narrow and dark streets that you have followed since starting this walk . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next day , word came that [FILTERED] was not going through with the divorce ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Place your Power Stands in position and adjust their height so that this will correspond to the height of your shoulders when you are in a deep leg split as for a heavy Clean . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just about to call a taxi '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Compilation of mailing lists (Filtered Words: 0)
Applying these figures to the formula we get the equation : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] left America with his clothes , his biwa and his image of Acala and , on the freighter which took him to Japan , he plucked at the biwa , trying to make the sounds he wrought resemble an ancient Japanese tune he had once heard . (Filtered Words: 1)
But [FILTERED] is buried in the cause of restoring France's lost soul . (Filtered Words: 1)
Consider adopting a system of holidays in which time off is granted with an eye to minimum inconvenience to the operation of the plant . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Af for each i , we shall have Af , because the operator Af will then be 0 on the range of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
A two-family house at 255 Brook Street has been purchased by Brown University from [FILTERED] , according to a deed filed Monday at City Hall . (Filtered Words: 1)
On some distant farm a rooster crowed and , far down the valley , an associate answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- in this small way do the leaders of a city , or of a nation , inure the masses to watching , or even inflicting , torture and death , upon even their fellow men . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the good kind of sophistication , and with all our problems and crises this kind of sophistication has flowered in the United States during recent years . (Filtered Words: 0)
The range of self-help (Filtered Words: 0)
One thing you can say about Mr. [FILTERED] is that he does not suffer from any insecurity as an American . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] smiled . (Filtered Words: 1)
The marine slumped forward into a bow like a priest before an idol . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus ideas like `` grace '' , `` salvation '' , and `` providence '' cluster together in traditional Christianity . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a widower , his three children are dead , he has no one left on earth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Somebody with no vices . (Filtered Words: 0)
Viola greeted me , in checked apron , ladle in hand , and explained it was the cook's night out and that she herself was preparing dinner . (Filtered Words: 0)
For them a box will be lodgment enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is an area nearly as large as Western Europe ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
With the machinery went a complete design for the hull . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it is to this problem that the Republic ultimately returns . (Filtered Words: 0)
Decide in the beginning to put your barbecue equipment to work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , we can't have everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the moment of crisis it had no more depth than an old school tie . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , he wondered , had [FILTERED] wanted him along on this trip ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Her speech was barren of southernisms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then she went to Deauville where she met a member of a powerful Greek syndicate of gamblers '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She bellowed triumphantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
A pitiful few of them are left now , to subsist mainly on the tourist trade and to sing their ancient tribal chants , which have the same haunting sadness as the laments of the American Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
He warns that a single glance can lead us into temptation , for `` Looking eies have lyking hartes , and lyking hartes may burne in lust '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the league commissioner , pointed out : (Filtered Words: 1)
Definite information on the growth of senile individuals is lacking . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed out of the sums covered into any of the funds pursuant to subsection ( B ) of this section , and after making the deduction provided for in Section 7 ( B ) of this Title -- ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He always seemed to have money in his pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) Mechanized bunks -- they sit within the feed lot , are filled by a mechanical conveyor above feeding surface ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , she had not come back to Great Island to be understood , praised or condemned . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , Haney knew it was not a dream . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And your golden god '' , said [FILTERED] , `` probably went right home and poured himself into a boiling bath . (Filtered Words: 1)
With the growing complexity of markets and intensity of competition , sales management , whether at the district , region or headquarters level , is a tough job today -- and it will be tougher in the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said incredulously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
Of what new course could it mark the beginning ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the 7th Cavalry whose troopers were charged with guarding the Imperial Palace of the Emperor . (Filtered Words: 0)
An exhibit , `` Macropathology -- An Ancient Art , A New Science '' , was presented at the annual meeting of the American Medical Association . (Filtered Words: 0)
Business loans generally are repayable in regular installments -- usually monthly , including interest at the rate of 5-1/2 percent per annum on the unpaid balance -- and have a maximum maturity of 10 years ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The input axis of the appropriate gyros are parallel to the sensitive direction of the accelerometers . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time further expansion in the Red Bridge Subdivision required the construction of additional sewage treatment facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned over impatiently and pulled the sheet over his head against the treacherous encroachment of the dawn . (Filtered Words: 0)
And although the universe may forever defy understanding , it might even now be finding its match in the imagination of man . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the afternoon , defense attorneys began the presentation of their cases with opening statements , some of which had been deferred until after the government had called witnesses and presented its case . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Committeemen , hold your fire ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] was bringing Cuba not freedom , but hatred . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the turn was too tight , a barrel roll would bring them out . (Filtered Words: 0)
An idea , of the sort that we have in mind , although of necessity readily available to imagination , is more general in connotation than most poetic or literary images , especially those appearing in lyric poems that seek to capture a moment of personal experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lots of throttle . (Filtered Words: 0)
The plane should have started at the scheduled time and left [FILTERED] and Martin to guzzle . (Filtered Words: 1)
not push-ups but stand-ups (Filtered Words: 0)
This could be accomplished without the tremendous expenditures necessitated by the Schuylkill Expressway and without destroying the natural beauty of the East River Drive . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is , to show no curiosity whatsoever . (Filtered Words: 0)
Geology , You and [FILTERED] used his rock collection for the bottom of the fishpond six years ago ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
For so long as death was not violent , it was natural and to be welcomed , making a funeral a feast . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] raced for him , his boots slamming the soft earth . (Filtered Words: 1)
His eyes boggled . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I hate to leave my garden '' , Gavin said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , it is likely that Federal policies aimed at stimulating a faster rate of economic growth of the country , to keep ahead of the Communist countries and to demonstrate that our free economic system is better than theirs , will lead to rising Federal spending in certain areas such as education , housing , medical aid , and the like . (Filtered Words: 0)
Creations needed (Filtered Words: 0)
Handstands come after arms , chest and shoulders have developed at least a minimum of strength . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't build from the outside in -- try to build from the inside out (Filtered Words: 0)
In a general way , psychiatrists were able to establish on a wide basis what many of them had always felt -- that the most telling cues in psychotherapy are acoustic , that such things as stress and nagging are transmitted by sound alone and not necessarily by words . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pressing his cigarette out in the earth , Warren walked to the slit and scanned the jagged hills . (Filtered Words: 0)
The alveoli and respiratory bronchioles are primarily diffusing tissues . (Filtered Words: 0)
All five pleaded innocent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The surveyor looked sidewise at the captain . (Filtered Words: 0)
A single kick made it spring open , shuddering . (Filtered Words: 0)
There have been many extremely competent men who have been converted into very incompetent managers or submerged in paper work , to their own and the public's dissatisfaction and loss . (Filtered Words: 0)
This subject , who has been undergoing psychoanalytic psychotherapy for five years , did not give a positive Kohnstamm reaction under any of the four standardized conditions used in this experiment while sober . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the two , The Life Of Bright is incomparably the better biography . (Filtered Words: 0)
Getting the boss rattlesnake to help you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A minimum of four sessions of preparation for membership is necessary for adults . (Filtered Words: 0)
They wore shoes with pointed toes , odd to American eyes , and narrow trousers , and their hair looked unnaturally black and slick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion , or the lack of it , will decide whether we use this power to build a brave new world of peace and abundance for all mankind , or whether we misuse this power to leave a world utterly destroyed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pattern here pictured is clearly not peculiar to Notre Dame : it is simply that the paradox involved in this kind of control of the institution by `` the organization which actually owns '' it , becomes more obvious where there is a larger and more distinguished `` outside '' faculty . (Filtered Words: 0)
But then his son could afford it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inheritance in mice . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when there is not freedom and opportunity to choose , men -- individual men -- must remain in status and society does not , cannot , progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Use white or buff clay , rolled to 3/16'' '' thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor Tawes announced that a triple swearing-in ceremony will be held in his office next Friday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Technical knowledge is a wonderful thing , but it's useless unless it eventually feeds the cash register . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was still laughing when I grabbed her and started rolling her on the bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their first three games , the [FILTERED] have had the ball 41 times and scored 16 times , or 40 per cent ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
There's the King . (Filtered Words: 0)
The average Congolese can do little more than puzzle out the meaning of `` la chatte '' and `` le chien '' and write his name . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We are now witnessing an effort to transfer to Mr. [FILTERED] some of the glow of Sen. [FILTERED]'s candidacy of last year . (Filtered Words: 2)
Cattle which died from them winter storms were referred to as the `` winter kill '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hearst took a brief respite to hurry home to New York to become a father . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Revenue Service said the addition of the attachment does not keep the range from coming under the Federal manufacturers' excise tax on household-type appliances . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a good report , he did all he could to make it a good report . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through which he has granted us the very great and precious promises , so that through them you may become partaker of the divine nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the Berlin blockade and airlift , the Council of Foreign Ministers in 1949 declared a purpose `` to mitigate the effects of the present administrative division of Germany and of Berlin '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religious activities (Filtered Words: 0)
`` After your child's baby teeth are all in -- usually at the age of two and one half to three -- it's time for that first dental appointment '' , Dr. [FILTERED] advises . (Filtered Words: 1)
But whether the murder of El Benefactor in Ciudad Trujillo means freedom for the people of the Caribbean fiefdom is a question that cannot now be answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Investors studying the toll-road bonds for opportunities find that not all roads are nearing their goals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recommendations of international authorities , such as the International Union of Crystallography , are followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
And Mr. [FILTERED] didn't like [FILTERED] , but what with [FILTERED] and three of his boys inside , and not likely to come out -- And [FILTERED] such a valuable salesman , [FILTERED] said -- All the nuisance and danger of getting in touch with practically a whole new bunch of boys -- Why did everything have to happen at once ? ? (Filtered Words: 4)
2.2 the discrete deterministic process (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I woke up this morning '' , [FILTERED] said , `` paraphrasing [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
If `` [FILTERED] the Courtier '' is really to be taken as Swift , the following remark is obviously Steele's comment on Swift's change of parties and its effect on their friendship : `` I assure you , dear [FILTERED] , when I first found out such an Allay in you , as makes you of so malleable a Constitution , that you may be worked into any Form an Artificer pleases , I foresaw I should not enjoy your Favour much longer '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The adolescent also faces the identity crisis that Erikson has termed ideological polarization vs. diffusion of ideals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nonetheless , although few in number they are a stubborn crew , as tenacious of life as the Hardshell Baptists , which suggests that there is some kind of vital principle embodied in their faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now they moved , rubbing their flesh alive again , disdaining the gloom they saw in the faces around them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third name was ( John ) [FILTERED] , who was admitted to the Inner Temple in November 1631 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of those who have an opinion , it seems that assessment by location is preferred . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes , as at this juncture , he did not . (Filtered Words: 0)
While I'm gone you get brown and fat as a pig , hear ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Santa Cruz mountains sprawl over three counties , and the roads twist through sky-tapping redwoods down whose furrowed columns ripple streams of rain , even when heat bakes the Santa Clara valley below at the left . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Conference called for a vigorous campaign against the open or secret sale of contraceptives . (Filtered Words: 0)
The name : [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The response of reaction is dominated by a concern for what is vanishing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Premier [FILTERED] has made propaganda capital out of that fact and in the end got his summit meeting anyway . (Filtered Words: 1)
It would have been [FILTERED] who handled her affairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Miss Rhode Island Pageant is sponsored by the Rhode Island Junior Chamber of Commerce as a part of the nation-wide search for the typical American girl -- a Miss America from Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
Captain [FILTERED] saw that it was building up strength . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why should Congress even consider allowing such a sum for that which can give no protection ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Four years later he resigned to take a similar job with the Green Bay Packers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fourth session important (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus ideas like `` grace '' , `` salvation '' , and `` providence '' cluster together in traditional Christianity . (Filtered Words: 0)
What determines the morality , they state , is not the means used , but the motive In general , the means ( excluding abortion ) that prove most effective are considered the most ethical . (Filtered Words: 0)
and heavy engineering at $102,285,000 , down 33 per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
but for all his air of affluence , who could tell what his private financial picture was ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No margin for error (Filtered Words: 0)
it was not quite six o'clock when we finished and [FILTERED] said , `` Well , I guess that's it . (Filtered Words: 1)
The proprietor is able to create a leadership impossible in the corporate structure with its board of directors and stockholders . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
His expenses ran another four or five thousand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even that isn't satisfactory . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't just the obnoxious birds that had ruffled her own feathers , of course ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not easy to become Segovia's pupil . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alex returned to the hotel , rather weary and with no new prospects of a role , in the late afternoon , but found the doctor in an ebullient mood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite the increasing rate of exogamous marriages , the population has been able to sustain , at least to some degree , the consciousness of its intermediate status in society . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few minutes later , FBI agent [FILTERED] , talking fast , eased up the ramp to the plane , unarmed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rankin sneered at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
A single value of the thermal relaxation time Af at room temperature was measured by the progressive saturation method . (Filtered Words: 0)
and because Communists have the will and , as long as Soviet power remains intact , the capacity to prevent their realization . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Champs Elysees is literally littered this summer with the prostrate bodies of France's beat-up beatnik jeunes filles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next developments will probably be in weaponry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Purified inactive chlorine was then added from one of the tubes described above and the mixture frozen out and sealed off in a flask equipped with a break seal . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What did you think about his mental state '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What killed them '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why don't you just hire somebody else '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Two miles northeast , then five miles southwest that sort of thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I knew I was carrying on with abstraction to its very end -- for me '' , he said of the two years' output in Virginia . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , what is their evidence that the tactual apparatus was fundamentally undamaged ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It labels the slums , especially the Negro slums , as dead-end streets for hundreds of thousands of youngsters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl dropped off to sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who's there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the eighteenth century there emerges for the first time the notion of a private tragedy ( or nearly for the first time , there having been a small number of Elizabethan domestic tragedies such as the famous Arden Of Feversham ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
and in warfare with any means , men commonly disagree over the justice of the cause . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only 27% ( 11 subjects ) gave a positive Kohnstamm reaction when completely naive concerning the phenomenon . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Phoenix arrest culminates more than a year's investigation by [FILTERED] and other officers . (Filtered Words: 1)
it was a goodness , beauty . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Lewis had expected to report at once to [FILTERED]'s and Nassau's naval command post . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gentile can hardly do better than drive in 98 runs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Longwood Gardens , near Kennett Square , Pa. ( about 12 miles from Wilmington , Del. ) , was developed and heavily endowed by the late [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The basic state grant is thirty cents for each person served , and there is a further book incentive grant that provides an extra twenty cents up to fifty cents per capita , if a library spends a certain number of dollars . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bulk of the press corps was covering Rheinholdt's conference . (Filtered Words: 0)
E . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each dictionary form is looked up in the text-form list by the same method used to look up a new text occurrence in the form list during text reading . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cannot leave the farm to take work in another locality on short notice ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Guidance and advice are available on new product research and development ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This guy was strictly from Outsville . (Filtered Words: 0)
The beehive voices , for no one could bear silence , drowned out the sound of Mrs. [FILTERED]'s weeping . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I feel good physically '' , [FILTERED] added , `` but I think I'll move better carrying a little less weight than I'm carrying now '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A week in arrears , and without means to pay , I must go , it is the only right thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each group is paginated separately ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Gradually others will move up to the same level (Filtered Words: 0)
She would work out a method , by-passing her limitations , whereby she could sing . (Filtered Words: 0)
I started the seed in a flat in June and set out the little pansies in a cold frame . (Filtered Words: 0)
It might be , indeed it had already proved to be a marriage without love , but it was marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the historian was convinced of his own correctness , then he should not allow his vision to become fogged by disturbing facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
His first book , Before The Brave ( 1936 ) , is a collection of poems that are almost all Communistic , but after publication of this book he rejected Communism , and advocated a pacifistic anarchy , though retaining his revolutionary idiom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] has come away shocked and angry . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even the states remain primarily in an assisting role , providing leadership and teacher training . (Filtered Words: 0)
The twenty-three ( or twenty-two with the Paynes themselves omitted ) provided merely a place to start , and their identification was the barest of starts . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the differences in procedure are fundamental . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brenner continued to smile , but his eyes were cold . (Filtered Words: 0)
The old man beckoned with one finger and [FILTERED] went forward to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus there is a clearer division of authority , administrative and legislative . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] with them , [FILTERED] had gone out to the Coast for a supposedly brief visit ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Most on the ball . (Filtered Words: 0)
my nerves are as strong . (Filtered Words: 0)
The deacon of the church , [FILTERED] , was its janitor . (Filtered Words: 1)
He cited East Germany where after 15 years of Soviet rule it has become necessary to build a wall to keep the people in , and added , `` so long as people rebel , we must not give up '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I just don't want anyone disturbed , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Is that the name for the needle '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Preferably '' , said [FILTERED] , `` one battered and worn , such as might be found in a pawnshop '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The committee remains unresponsive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Industry costs (Filtered Words: 0)
A Confederate observed that the Yankees were : `` thicker than lise on a hen and a dam site ornraier '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if the administration should find it does not need the $28 million for a grant-in-aid program , a not unlikely conclusion , it could very well seek a way to use the money for other purposes . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll see you later '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In such a case , any attitude would be as fitting or unfitting as any other , which means that the notion of fitness has lost all point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Study the topography of the suite . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each semester every student must attend ten of the services or religious meetings . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood on the rock , a skinny , dignified boy surrounded by the ocean . (Filtered Words: 0)
General responsibility for its administration rested with a division of the colonial government concerned with labor supply and native affairs , Service des Affaires Indigenes et de la Main-d'Oeuvre ( AIMO , Af Direction , Af Direction Generale , Gouvernement Generale ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something clicked in this instance , but I treated her circumspectly and I felt that she knew it , for we both kept our distance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's the stuff '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the second category the function Af has no values defined in a neighborhood Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
And what eyes they were . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vehicle purchase , assignment , and use policies (Filtered Words: 0)
didn't answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who would clean up the mess when the war was over ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But the nickname never stuck and Gehrig was no match for [FILTERED] in `` color '' -- which is sometimes a polite word for delinquent behavior on and off the field . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gross stopped briefly , then went on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Success will require tact , sensitivity to faculty prerogatives , patience , and persistence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others call it `` alienation '' , and mean by that no simple economic experience ( as [FILTERED] does ) but a deep spiritual sense of dislocation . (Filtered Words: 1)
But tonight his drink tasted like branch water and even his favorite meal of steak and tossed salad gave no surcease from the growing weight of the letter in his pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her clothes , her hair , everything about her is both graceful and simple . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The heart '' , I said finally , `` is now either in the throat or the mouth or the stomach or the shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Return through New England , stopping for a visit to Lake Champlain where you can take a boat ride and go to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` And that's what I'm going to tell Jim '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I had hardly finished my business in the toilet on the aforementioned occasion when the lights in that place , like the hall lights controlled from the switch in the office , flicked off and on impatiently . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were selected carefully and included not only detailed clinical information but adequate pathology of value for research and educational purposes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Madame [FILTERED] gestured with her riding crop toward the 20-year-old youth who was stomping and writhing with the king snake still draped over his bare shoulders . (Filtered Words: 1)
The underlying assumption , of course , is that only sight and touch enable us , in any precise and fully dependable way , to locate objects in space beyond us , the other senses being decidedly inferior , if not totally inadequate , in this regard . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are of course many Souths ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Long live Tobacco Road . (Filtered Words: 0)
And while every writer must be dealt with as a special case , the interested student will want to ask himself a number of questions about each . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED]'s brother-in-law , [FILTERED] , moved into the dead man's home , the anonymous letter writer took no chances on [FILTERED] taking up where [FILTERED] had left off and wasted no time on a first notice : (Filtered Words: 4)
We saw it frequently afterward , but our suggestion for the very first encounter is near sunset . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that time consideration will be given to whether in the light of the United States supplies of rice available for Title 1 , disposal , India's production , consumption and stocks of food grains , other imports from the United States and countries friendly to the United States , India's storage capacity , and other related factors , any increase would be possible in the portion of the total rice programmed which is currently planned for procurement during the first year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only a very few of the more advanced ones , such as India and Pakistan , have developed systematic techniques of programing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes sir ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Alec played the part of an innocent tourist . (Filtered Words: 0)
He staggered into the back seat and lay back , fighting for breath . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See Chapter 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
One diplomat described the tenor of Secretary of State [FILTERED] speeches as `` inconclusive '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rachel clicked her tongue behind her teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
This letter concluded with an invitation : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
There are optimal humidity requirements for various agents when airborne . (Filtered Words: 0)
He himself might not have been really aware of his own mood ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can't stop you from doing what you think is right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus Af is divisible by the minimal polynomial P of T , i.e. , Af divides Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bury those uniforms so they won't be found '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She retreated by leaving the room when we suggested that our meeting might well terminate right then and there . (Filtered Words: 0)
not push-ups but stand-ups (Filtered Words: 0)
The treatment seems unnecessarily loose-jointed and complex , largely because the method is lax and the analysis seems never to be pushed to a satisfactory or even a consistent stopping-point . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said , `` Do we know each other , Miss '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Of startling significance , too , is the assertion that it was possible to carry out this program with only a 6 percent attrition rate as compared with a rate of 59 percent reported for a comparable group of families who were receiving help in traditionally operated child guidance services . (Filtered Words: 0)
He advanced slowly , directly , giving no hint of a feint to either side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Slowly , like a man grown old , he took Eli's hand and led him below to the tower study , guiding him to a chair beside the little hearth where a fire still burned . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I haven't the faintest idea . (Filtered Words: 0)
Merchant ships illuminated in the light of the flares , made to seem like stones imbedded in a lake of polished mud , were impossible to miss . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It is as though '' , I said on the historic three-hour , coast-to-coast radio broadcast which I bought ( following Father Coughlin and pre-empting the Eddie Cantor , Manhattan Merry-go-round and Major Bowes shows ) `` That Man in the White House , like some despot of yore , insisted on reading my diary , raiding my larder and ransacking my lingerie ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] and his bride will live in his Lake Forest house . (Filtered Words: 1)
You'll have trees again . (Filtered Words: 0)
I called downstairs for food and a toothbrush for her . (Filtered Words: 0)
A year after he was catapulted over nine officers senior to him and made commandant of the Marine Corps , General [FILTERED] delivered a peppery annual report in the form of a `` happy , warless New Year '' greeting to his Pentagon staff . (Filtered Words: 1)
The colonel grunted , then made a remark which might be construed in either of two ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something wet and hot was trickling on her wrists . (Filtered Words: 0)
The town was about what [FILTERED] expected : one main street with its rows of false-fronted buildings , a water tower , a few warehouses , a single hotel ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Get my old man to bed early . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the coming fiscal year additional quantities of Atlas , Titan , and Polaris missiles also will be procured . (Filtered Words: 0)
The body may have been two or three weeks' dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The Moral Creed '' and `` The Will To Risk '' live happily together , if we do not examine where the line is to be drawn . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I'm going to have my son '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You just -- `` Hello ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The husband points the steps out with his flashlight : `` Its white stare filling her pale eyes To the blind brim with appetite , Bleaching her hands that grazed my thighs And sent us from the table in surprise To let the dishes soak all night , '' ( [FILTERED] asked herself if [FILTERED] was blushing at this line , or was it the fire ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Who's there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked intimate questions and got frank answers from the members of what he calls the candidates' `` in-groups '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I can only make this choice because I believe that the risk need not increase , but may be deliberately reduced '' ( by precautions against accidents or by limiting war ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
At any rate , the substance of Eichmann's testimony was that all his actions flowed from his membership in the party and the SS , and though the Prosecutor did his utmost to prove actual personal hatred of Jews , his success on this score was doubtful and the anti-Semitic lesson weakened to that extent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan and his corps were placed on the west side of the Schuylkill River , with instructions to intercept all supplies found going to the city and to keep a close eye on the movements of the enemy . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Lubell offers his book as an explanation of why there was no clue . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm also studying enameling with Hajime Iijima '' , he went on , `` and twice a week I go to a life class taught by Pendleton '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was snowing hard when they got there and they saw no horses outside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not so obvious to her , but of more importance to her teachers , [FILTERED] ingested the precepts of her conditioning as easily as she absorbed her nutrient fluid . (Filtered Words: 1)
The President of the United States proclaimed the first Sunday in November as `` National Grandmothers' Day '' and urged America to say it with flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
One such group got all incensed over shelled `` children '' when [FILTERED] was just turning fourteen . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yeah '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Back circle (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The pair whom Petey is officially commending for slapping me around and pulling me in '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Doaty would never have left her house to a godless woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a picked assault company . (Filtered Words: 0)
He dumped it into the back and made sure it wouldn't roll out , then returned to the porch and closed the front door , making sure it was unlocked . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the latter days of November to the day of [FILTERED]'s execution , it seems that most Rhode Islanders did not concur in `` [FILTERED] '' suggestion . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` All too frequently '' , points out [FILTERED] , managing editor of Commonweal , `` Catholics run roughshod over Protestant sensibilities in this matter , by failure to consider the reasoning behind the Protestant position and , particularly , by their jibes at the fact that Protestant opinion on birth control has changed in recent decades '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
This confuses me no end . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each successive movement in his growing was recorded on the unreeling film inside her . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Within the first five minutes of this interview it is apparent to the therapist that `` everybody '' truthfully refers to the woman's husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her eyes had opened , she had caught a glimpse of a new faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] also is scheduled to hold a public United Nations Day reception in the state capitol on Tuesday . (Filtered Words: 1)
At Camp Taylor in Kentucky a barracks was built in an hour and a half from timber that had been standing in Mississippi forests one week before . (Filtered Words: 0)
To climax her Roman revels , she was thrown out of the swanky Hotel Excelsior after she had run naked through its marble halls screaming for help . (Filtered Words: 0)
In exactly three minutes , go in that phone booth behind you and call Police Headquarters . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was thinking his way into a new novel , a big one , one that people had been waiting for . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ginghams and calico will be popular dress for the women . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bad condition (Filtered Words: 0)
When I pressed for a purely religious definition , I encountered the familiar blend of liberal piety , interfaith good will , and a small residue of ethnic loyalty . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the meeting , attended by [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and the A-Z executive staff , with Mr. [FILTERED] presiding , [FILTERED] and Hamrick did indeed run the gantlet . (Filtered Words: 5)
I may be wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
to those who believe in his name : Who were born not of blood , nor of the will of the flesh , nor of the will of man , but of God . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Barker index is published for the Barker Index Committee by W. Heffer & Sons , Ltd. , 4 [FILTERED] , Cambridge , England . (Filtered Words: 1)
Apparently still sensitive about the idea with which General Gates had approached him at Saratoga , namely , that [FILTERED] be replaced , [FILTERED] was vehement in his support of the commander-in-chief during the campaign around Philadelphia . (Filtered Words: 2)
He went on to the next building and found what he expected -- the mingled cooking aromas of a public vestibule . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , girls 31 , 29 , 33 , 21 , 26 , 13 , 3 , 4 , 14 , 32 , 24 , 25 , 34 , 23 , 6 , 15 , 22 , and 16 may be said to have the `` same schedule '' at Onset and Completion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whisky on the air (Filtered Words: 0)
The 7 carbons of PABA are incorporated directly into metabolite 2 ( ( as shown with both ring-labeled and carboxy-labeled Af ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s first impression of the lobby was gloomy , Victorian dignity -- black walnut and red plush , a black and white tiled floor , and Persian rugs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus a man who is butting a stone wall at the office may become unusually aggressive in bed -- the one place he can still be champion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Led fight on teamsters (Filtered Words: 0)
The smoke from that chimney rose as sluggishly as smoke from any other , and hung as sadly in the drizzle , creeping back down along the sopping canvas of the roof . (Filtered Words: 0)
I put in new batteries so as to be certain I'd have plenty of power and on my way out walked over to the regular parking stalls and stood looking at them thoughtfully . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although he pointed out that mandatory legislation impinging on home rule is basically distasteful , he added that the vital interest in election results transcended county lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Hinckley Gin Supply Co. is a maker of `` overhead equipment '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This will permit you to get a rough estimate of how much the materials for the shell will cost . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some viewed this attempt as evidence that Mr. [FILTERED] regarded himself as bigger than the party . (Filtered Words: 1)
The theatre was hot and they were drugged with boredom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stopping the cars at a fork in the road , he got out , paced off a certain distance to a spot between two shrub-covered sand hills , and indicated a location . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only area in which American boys hold their own is the baseball throw . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any and all payments required to be made by the Secretary of the Treasury under this title pursuant to any award made by the Commission to the Government of the United States shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of miscellaneous receipts . (Filtered Words: 0)
organization : (Filtered Words: 0)
legs to produce motion and rate of speed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ratified in the Republican Party victory in 1952 , the Positive State is now evidenced by political campaigns being waged not on whether but on how much social legislation there should be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Resisting the overwhelming temptation to flng himself out of that bristling death-trap , Tilghman deliberately engaged the nervous rancher in trivial conversation for a good ten minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hardly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two cities have the examples of Little Rock and New Orleans to hold up as warnings against resorting to violence to try to stop the processes of desegregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- of new members through the Advisory Board . (Filtered Words: 0)
Union Oil Co. of California Tuesday offered $120 million in debentures to the public through a group of underwriters headed by Dillon , Read & Co. , to raise money to retire a similar amount held by Gulf Oil Corp. . (Filtered Words: 0)
We both had hangovers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , the ozone from his machine would cure practically everything , he assured her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not discussed here are some military problems of modern times such as undersea warfare , where the surveillance , sending , transmitting , and receiving are all so inadequate that networks and decision making are not the bottlenecks . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , when Mr. [FILTERED] thrust straight to the core of the music , sparks flying , bow shredding , violin singing , glittering and sometimes spitting , Mr. [FILTERED] could go along . (Filtered Words: 2)
The dinner hour there was twelve noon . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tiny hamlet of Chesterton to the north , with the fens and marshes lying on down the Ouse River , may have attracted him often , as it did many other youths of the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will the danger increase or decrease ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
From the rather tortuous history of electoral planning in Morocco an important point emerges concerning the first elections in a developing country and evaluating their results . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Theatre-by-the-Sea , [FILTERED] , presents `` King Of Hearts '' by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
Pioneer 1 , recorded a decrease in flux with distance from the Earth on the basis of 11 counts in 9 hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can't you possibly imagine what life is going to be like , here '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Vases may be made into candles by filling with melted wax and a wick . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were new yellow curtains , bright as a child's life ought to be , a new bedspread , lively with hopping rabbits , and hanging from the ceiling was an airy [FILTERED] , spinning slowly in the breeze . (Filtered Words: 1)
In this historic square are several statues , but the one that stands out over the others is that of Gen. [FILTERED] , hero of the Battle of New Orleans . (Filtered Words: 1)
The sections were fixed in acetone for 15 minutes and dried at 37-degrees for 30 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
See illustration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since arriving here , however , I have formed a far different religious picture of present-day England . (Filtered Words: 0)
In essence this involves grounding one's thought and emotion in the values and experience of others , rather than in one's own values and experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early the next morning , a Mexican telephoned Pels that Celso [FILTERED] , one of the posse members , was surrounded by ten Mexicans at his father's home on the upper [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
He took her hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the boat had touched , the weaker ones and the two wounded men had been lifted out and carried away by the soldiers . (Filtered Words: 0)
An added complication such as a malformed jaw may take two or three years to correct . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the fire was directed by [FILTERED] against Dallas and Sen. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` As an independent American I considered all who were not for us , and you amongst the rest , as against us , yet be assured that [FILTERED] never ceased to be the friend of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
She went on : (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually they were helpless to do anything about the nationwide policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four persons died in Georgia weekend traffic crashes , two of them in a fiery crash near Snellville , the State Patrol said Sunday . (Filtered Words: 0)
2-2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He even hunted elephant , although the Asian elephant is not quite as ferocious as his African cousin . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had cursed at them and threatened them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Assessment of value . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eight hundred and sixty-five Rebels surrendered within their works and a thousand more were captured or surrendered themselves that night and the next day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Youngsters do business (Filtered Words: 0)
The rancher was navigating his way across the flatland . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Chapters 3 and 4 we answered questions like those in the examples , usually by counting points in a sample space . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this point , unfortunately , romance becomes a regrettably small part of the picture ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] used the planetary transmission in his Model T and earlier cars and , in 1905 , as a precautionary measure , took out a license from the man who claimed to be its inventor . (Filtered Words: 1)
The qualifications to vote were kept very simple . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus Af is divisible by the minimal polynomial P of T , i.e. , Af divides Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Forgiveness implies more than a person wanting his past sins covered by God's love . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those whom I wish to address with this letter are for the most part unknown to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had been commissioned in the Medical Service Corps and was serving as a personnel officer for the Kansas City Medical Depot when he decided that if he was going to make the Army his career , he wanted to be in the fighting part of it . (Filtered Words: 1)
She served as secretary in the Seminary office for 25 years , and was in charge of correspondence , records , and bookkeeping . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four cars were parked at the curb , and two of them were police radio cars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stein estimated this amount at `` about $1,500 or $1,600 a month '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
To cure fungus growths on mouth or hands people made a strong tea by using a handful of sassafras bark in a quart of water . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood up slowly . (Filtered Words: 0)
To these people , solidarity and unity with China should be the real basis of Russia's future policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , they had to get up and be General Burnside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , it is in the field of transportation that Congress has most frequently granted employers exemption from the anti-trust laws ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Driving along the caliche-topped road to town , [FILTERED] talked . (Filtered Words: 1)
High nutritional value , variety , palatability , and appetizing appearance are important for reasons of morale . (Filtered Words: 0)
( E ) (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
I am saying only that until a fuller and different kind of evidence comes in , any discussion of alienation must be understood to have certain important limitations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Powers was covering the remaining guard . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got back into the batter's box and on the next pitch dropped into the dirt again . (Filtered Words: 0)
His objective is merely to determine `` what distinctions of length and syllabicity it may be desirable to make explicit in a [FILTERED] orthography '' ( 59 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , a fine `` danseur noble '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Here is an original kedgeree recipe from the Family Club's kitchen : (Filtered Words: 0)
Every legislator from [FILTERED] to [FILTERED] is going to have his every vote subjected to the closest scrutiny as a test of his political allegiances , not his convictions . (Filtered Words: 2)
She says , `` of course I've had the best . (Filtered Words: 0)
The organic loading on the unit averaged 32 lb of BOD/day or about 2 lb BOD/day/1,000 cu ft aeration capacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are the essential force behind the conventions of tragedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is significant , too , that the older teen-agers I interviewed believed , unlike the younger ones , that Jewish students tend to do better academically than their gentile counterparts . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My dear , you must be mistaken '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was also a corpse -- a male , judging from the coral arm bands , the tribal scars still discernible on the maggoty face , the painted bone of the warrior caste which still pierced the septum of the rotting nose . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , the noted psychologist and sex researcher , Dr. [FILTERED] , has declared flatly that women are `` sexually superior '' to men . (Filtered Words: 1)
You're not the kind to go violent . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had bought a little piece of property down along the coast of the hard country of Calabria that he knew so well . (Filtered Words: 0)
A forest crop that has not been extensively cultivated is ivory nuts from the tagua palm . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he relaxed that day , Martin realized how tense he had been these past weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
In rejecting any claim to the value of the slave property , Palfrey was giving up close to $7,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was nearly thirty at the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
therefore we need guardians to demonstrate against the ghastly stupidity of nuclear weapons and jolt the people out of their complacency '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the President had dealt with the matter humbly , in what he conceived as the democratic way . (Filtered Words: 0)
The smell is sexual , but so powerfully so that a civilized nose must deny it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , seems you have a nice package , with all the strings tied . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1936 he decided to migrate to America . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor need the critic be captious . (Filtered Words: 0)
They didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
With all respect to a fine young man , Mr. [FILTERED] is not able to provide these necessaries '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
From his shoulder bag peeked the seven-inch barrel of a [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , 25 , was seized March 20 with four Cubans and accused of trying to land a boatload of rifles in [FILTERED] , about 35 miles from Havana . (Filtered Words: 2)
Program proposals for forest development roads and trails for the 10-year period 1963-1972 are as follows : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was said that the [FILTERED] plotted to take over the entire [FILTERED] newspaper empire one day by means of various coups : the destruction of editors who tried to halt his course , the unfrocking of publishers whose mistakes of judgment might be magnified in secret reports to Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
A bright sun and brisk wind had the track in a fast condition for the first time this week and 8,280 St. Patty Day celebrants bet $842,617 on the well-prepared program . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few drops of rain just before midnight , when [FILTERED] was in the midst of her first number , scattered the more timid members of the audience briefly , but at this hour and with [FILTERED] on the stand , most of the listeners didn't care whether they got wet . (Filtered Words: 2)
The purpose of washing is , obviously , to remove soils which are arbitrarily classed in the four major categories given below : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mose asked softly . (Filtered Words: 0)
These area reports will be followed , according to present plans , by a summary report , which will include a detailed statement on methods . (Filtered Words: 0)
They came in waves . (Filtered Words: 0)
With Red Hogan , he rode to the Welcome Cafe . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has chosen [FILTERED]. 53 in Aj . (Filtered Words: 1)
I couldn't help laughing with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
As far as they were aware , the Connecticut Association of Real Estate Boards had not officially opposed the bill's passage or lobbied in its support . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drifting here and there . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a startling , almost numenous sight ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But we need not mind too much , because Mr. [FILTERED] has expressed it through movement that is diverting and clever almost all the way . (Filtered Words: 1)
With all the energy of his broken body he prayed , `` Father , forgive them , for they know not what they do '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Give um the works . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suggested . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The U.S. President has shown once again that the United States needs the fanning of the West Berlin crisis to justify the armaments race . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place sleeve seam at center underarm and center of sleeve cap at shoulder seam . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] really would have to settle down to love honor and obey , and she'd have to quit drinking . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was no use . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet even if he could get the necessary approval , fourteen of his Negroes could not be manumitted without special permission . (Filtered Words: 0)
At 6:00 p.m. we went to the Kyoto Spring dances at the place where these beautiful dances originated . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for The Book of the Dead , it along with his other books on religion had been incarcerated in a furnace in the basement of the building in which he had lived in New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adverbial second complements , however , are likely not to have dominant stress when they terminate sentences . (Filtered Words: 0)
The commission had issued an administrative order which was challenged as discriminatory against Negroes . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , his only disciple -- the only person to imitate his style -- was [FILTERED] , who seems to have imitated him without much understanding , and who has since moved on to other methods . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- Is this , perhaps , one of the things that is wrong with our country ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Up spoke carpenter [FILTERED] , who said he wouldn't give ten pounds to be home . (Filtered Words: 1)
Snow or no , the fans were present in force at the Metropolitan Opera last night for a performance of the [FILTERED] work . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` This '' , he said , `` is exactly what has been happening between the politically free nations in the postwar world . (Filtered Words: 0)
If your sick pay is not included in your Gross Income , you may not deduct it . (Filtered Words: 0)
A nuclear pacifier of these dimensions -- roughly some six and a half times bigger than anything the United States has triggered experimentally -- would certainly produce a bigger bang , and , just for kicks , Khrushchev might use it to propel the seminar of the house of delegates from St. Louis to the moon , where there wouldn't even be any beer to drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ranking . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is a regular stub and twister , double geered . (Filtered Words: 0)
As soon as an experimental tug assures you that roots have taken over , cut it off from the mother plant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mary was as frozen below the navel as he . (Filtered Words: 0)
there is no one point in a man's career at which he must select either the technical or the managerial path upward . (Filtered Words: 0)
I seized the rack and made a western-style flying-mount just in time , one of my knees mercifully landing on my duffel bag -- and merely wrecking my camera , I was to discover later -- my other knee landing on the slivery truck floor boards and -- but this is no medical report . (Filtered Words: 0)
The more I talked with him , the more convinced I became that that was the secret of their riotous blooming . (Filtered Words: 0)
The partition of India has hardly improved relations between Hindus and Muslims ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For that legend was growing explosively , Rumor was insisting he received a price of $600 a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
So did hostages [FILTERED] , Cleveland , and Mullen . (Filtered Words: 1)
When you read me , you are holding in your hands the product of many minds and hearts . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was tagged with the loss , his second against no victories , while [FILTERED] won his second game against a single loss . (Filtered Words: 2)
They're buying fun and adventure and family experiences . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inspector declined . (Filtered Words: 0)
But cooperation and understanding between local officials and the citizenry help lessen this problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
She describes , first , the imaginary reaction of a foreigner puzzled by this `` unseasonable exultation '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In Hilo Bay they were from 21 to 26 feet high . (Filtered Words: 0)
I guess fooling [FILTERED] and me took doing . (Filtered Words: 1)
The scholarship plan would provide federal contributions to each medical and dental school equal to $1,500 a year for one-fourth of the first year students . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it was all arranged to fit , and not to interrupt the lengthwise flow of movement in the frieze , the cartoons were tried in place . (Filtered Words: 0)
On May 11 , she reached Iceland . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was a real experience ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Shy , slender-waisted girls at the loom in harmony with the frangipani by the wayside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Colossians 27 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Are you my partner '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The surveyor looked sidewise at the captain . (Filtered Words: 0)
I would like to straighten out a misconception about the dress Mrs. [FILTERED] is wearing in this painting . (Filtered Words: 1)
Do they make class-biased decisions ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Two Americans and seven Cubans were executed by firing squads today as [FILTERED] military tribunals began decreeing the death penalty for captured invasion forces and suspected collaborators . (Filtered Words: 1)
The company herds were being raided less often , and cabins and soddies all over the range were standing deserted . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] snorted and then laughed aloud . (Filtered Words: 1)
The King [FILTERED] had fifty-four overnighters , again counting rooms rather than people . (Filtered Words: 1)
These are inexpensive and available from the U. S. Geological Society , Washington 25 , D. C. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the company under review is supplying what we are here regarding as only one kind of service , we might suppose that the problem of total cost apportionment would be very simple ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` About 35 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hardly noticed the blue-green flashes of lightning and the hard claps of thunder . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are looking inside the atom and seeing there a universe which is not material but something beyond the material , a universe that in a word is not matter but music . (Filtered Words: 0)
Resisting the overwhelming temptation to flng himself out of that bristling death-trap , Tilghman deliberately engaged the nervous rancher in trivial conversation for a good ten minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Instinctively , innocence does unto others as it expects to be done by . (Filtered Words: 0)
He outplayed Palmer all around the course and finished with a tremendous 65 to Palmer's 71 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Run end of yarn through several stitches along edge to secure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of them appear to drop out , for one reason or another . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the basis of pupil assignment criteria , Judge [FILTERED] has assigned Negro children to formerly white schools in Arlington and Alexandria , Virginia . (Filtered Words: 1)
Such fascinating novelties in the score as the fugual treatment of `` On The Side Of The Angels '' and `` Politics And Poker '' were handled splendidly , and I thought [FILTERED] and his band of tuneful ward-heelers made `` Little Tin Box '' even better than it was done by the New York cast ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
-- and His exaltation to the right hand of God . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you spot Carmer give a yell before you move in '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The long retention period and the complete mixing concept prevented rapid changes in either the mixed liquor or in the effluent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of the uncertainty of this definition , I solicited the interpretation of the Secretary of Labor . (Filtered Words: 0)
We all love to suffer , but some of us love to suffer more than others . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Vous voulez vos petits dejeuners tout de suite alors '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and therefore the atom was really just a little machine ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did you make friends easily '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She was no schoolgirl , refusing to bear tales . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the valley stretched endlessly out ahead , scorched and baked and writhing in its heat , until it vanished into the throbbing wall of fiery orange brown haze . (Filtered Words: 0)
The means of the new birth (Filtered Words: 0)
A . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a few experiments the tubes were made from standard 6 mm. i.d. Pyrex tubing of 1 mm. wall thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two martinis for lunch -- that was the trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thayer shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm telling you . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I have compared its text with already published commentaries on the 1960 series of [FILTERED] lectures at Harvard , from which the book was derived , and I can with confidence challenge the gist of [FILTERED] incautious tale '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
On one visit he stopped at the office of the American , where he was known surreptitiously as `` the Great White Chief '' , and for the first time met his managing editor , fat Moses [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The result of the observations is Af where the phase angle , Q , is measured in degrees from new moon and the probable errors include absolute as well as relative errors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mustard cream , used as alternate dip for franks and pineapple tidbits , tastes best when served at room temperature . (Filtered Words: 0)
You told me to bring my camera . (Filtered Words: 0)
We mentioned odd-lot indices a few paragraphs ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cut a piece of clay for base and two for sides each about Af ( long enough for three impressions of mold ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
roads and river barges to be built . (Filtered Words: 0)
One town and one city , Coventry and East Providence , require an adjustment of their fiscal year only . (Filtered Words: 0)
And they can at least collect the money they put in , plus interest , when they leave the company . (Filtered Words: 0)
So he hides the mayonnaise . (Filtered Words: 0)
The end or aim of the action , of course , is also important , especially where it is not alone a matter of changing community customs but of the use of deadly economic power to intimidate a person from stepping forward to claim his legal rights , e.g. , against Negroes who register to vote in Fayette County , Tennessee , at the present moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm Chief of Medicine here and this morning would start like all others , with me taking the boys on the rounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
And last week at the Masters Palmer and Player did . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Said you wore yourself out , cleaning all these empty rooms '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As we expected , on the following day my [FILTERED] was completely recovered and opened the store as usual at 10 in the morning . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's just a big windbag '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Russia knows this , and that is why there were over 800,000 competing for places as candidates for the Olympic gymnastic team . (Filtered Words: 0)
The existence of a community is a state of mind -- a conviction that goals and values are widely shared , that effective communication is possible , that mutual trust is reasonably assured . (Filtered Words: 0)
What they should recognize is that children who have been placed in one of these groups on a narrow academic basis still differ widely in attributes that influence success , and that they still must be treated as individuals . (Filtered Words: 0)
There must be a fixed number n of repeated trials . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first time I saw the latter filly she trotted by me and I noticed such a family resemblance that I said to myself , `` that must be [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
They would be lolling under a tree sipping [FILTERED] , relishing the leisurely life , assuring him that the day was yet young . (Filtered Words: 1)
He knew Alfred liked me ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , he owns 300 slaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
In life we learn to play our roles and we `` freeze '' into patterns which become so habitual that we are not really aware of what we do . (Filtered Words: 0)
A startlingly high percentage do not exceed $500 annually , which includes the librarian's salary , and not even the New York Public has enough money to meet its needs -- this in the world's richest city . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is beyond the province of this epilogue to cover policy questions of such depth and range . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was found that the aerated lagoon was an activated sludge system rather than an oxidation pond . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can take it with you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some tore entirely through the whipsawed post oak . (Filtered Words: 0)
By 1965 , several or all of these systems will have been fully tested and their reliability established . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ace of spades -- a widow , that was what they called a widow , these low-class crooks remembered Mr. [FILTERED] distractedly . (Filtered Words: 1)
If you have a 6- to 8-inch drain pipe , you may easily wash out all the debris when the grate is out . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not often realized to what degree certain trades are in many communities closed areas of employment , except for a lucky few . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the heavy roar of a lion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Karipo was great goddess , told our mothers that men were not necessary except to father children '' , the crone told me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They make us conformists look good '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feathertop made an elaborate motion with his hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can get into an argument about fallout shelters at the drop of a beer stein in clubs and pubs these nights . (Filtered Words: 0)
It submits an enthusiastic , impressionistic conception of Lindemann contributing another aspect of the man , but on no more authoritative basis than Sir [FILTERED]' account . (Filtered Words: 1)
The solution , naturally , is the bus . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such was the impromptu that Voltaire gave to howls of laughter at Sans Souci and that was soon circulated in manuscript throughout the literary circles of Europe , to be printed sometime later , but with the name of Timon of Athens , the famous misanthrope , substituted for that of Rousseau . (Filtered Words: 0)
She understood completely . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Remember the Starbird ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , the noted psychologist and sex researcher , Dr. [FILTERED] , has declared flatly that women are `` sexually superior '' to men . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I wouldn't even be surprised '' , she said unhappily , `` if [FILTERED] tried to leave her with us forever '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The place had been cheap -- just the little he had left after [FILTERED]'s burial -- and it would serve its purpose . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` All platforms are meaningless : the program of either party is what lies in the vision and conscience of the candidate the party chooses to lead it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` To me you'll always be the girl o' my dreams , an' the sweetest flower that grows '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The murderer lifted his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
It recognizes the fact that what helps one county helps its neighbors and that by banding together in an area-wide effort better results can be accomplished than through the go-it-alone approach . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the physical sciences , these achievements concern electricity , chemistry , and atomic physics . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of Sylvania , Ga. , relief quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League , will undergo a knee operation tomorrow at Franklin Hospital here . (Filtered Words: 1)
) 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll do anything for somebody I like . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
I really didn't know what he meant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Military electronics to grow (Filtered Words: 0)
She added . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Australian aborigine is the conventional exemplar of degraded humanity ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can you hear , can you talk to me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
At that moment , [FILTERED] almost slammed on the brakes to go back to [FILTERED] and ask if [FILTERED] was about . (Filtered Words: 3)
departing , they stepped solemnly with knees lifted to the jaw , for they had been trained to drag at important funerals . (Filtered Words: 0)
A description of this process will serve to illustrate how any type of information can be retrieved from the dictionary and attached to each text occurrence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither is primary experience understood according to the attitude of modern empiricism in which nothing is thought to be received other than signals of sensory qualities producing their responses in the appropriate sense organs . (Filtered Words: 0)
) . (Filtered Words: 0)
or Rosburg , whose accurate short game and supersensitive putter can overcome so many of Augusta's treacheries ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The hull was also a result of almost a decade of work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , because reduction in tasks results in reduction of forces required , the plan should provide for expanding area coverage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Future clouded (Filtered Words: 0)
The law-abiding citizens of Petrie had gathered inside Kaster's Store , halfway down the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] seems , in fact , to acquire for himself a burden of sin , not bequeathed by Adam , but accumulated in the inevitable judgments which life requires of him as between greater and lesser responsibilities . (Filtered Words: 1)
He merely became victimized by a form of athletics that respects no one and aggravates all . (Filtered Words: 0)
The level of this average cost is determined by factor prices , technology , and so forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] v. United States , supra . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now an abiding difficulty of paragraphs like the foregoing is that they appear to preach ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He may not rise to the heights , but he can get by , and eventually be retired . (Filtered Words: 0)
General [FILTERED] proposed that Regular Army officers select the draftees in cities and towns throughout the nation ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
I asked , taking a final gulp of my drink , and handing him the empty glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was , the brief writers decided , `` man's best hope for a peaceful and law abiding world '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As [FILTERED] wrote in 1955 : : (Filtered Words: 1)
Yes , retirement seems to creep upon you suddenly . (Filtered Words: 0)
From there he chipped back and sank his putt for a par 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like his late colleague , [FILTERED] , he reads mystery stories , in particular Sir [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Super-Set No. 2 is made up of similar exercises , but this time done with dumbbells , and using both `` moon '' and flat benches . (Filtered Words: 0)
This would provide for long-term Federal loans for construction of parochial and other private-school facilities for teaching science , languages and mathematics . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] laid it in the basket . (Filtered Words: 1)
) 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Overwhelmed with the care of five young children and concerned about persistent economic difficulties due to her husband's marginal income , her defense of denial was excessively strong . (Filtered Words: 0)
for to attend the dying was something she had never experienced , and certainly had not imagined when she thought of the duties she would have as [FILTERED] wife . (Filtered Words: 1)
Beneath his black shirt his frail shoulders shook and croaks of pain broke from his throat , the stored pain shattering free in slow gasps , terrible to see . (Filtered Words: 0)
Methods have been developed of assigning `` weights '' to statements ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
in the case of a partnership or corporation , the existence of which has been terminated and on behalf of which an award is made , payment shall be made , except as provided in paragraphs ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) , to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then she went to Deauville where she met a member of a powerful Greek syndicate of gamblers '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it was worn in the breast , or even on the sleeve , we at least knew where it was '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anything to do with an ace o' spades , bad luck '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Close to two million game birds were harvested on 1,500 commercial and private shooting preserves , and on State Game Commission-controlled upland game areas during the 1960-61 season . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shortening the results in this manner will not have any detrimental effect on the accuracy of the final result . (Filtered Words: 0)
I only hope my talking to you has helped you a little , anyway , because you need spiritual bucking-up '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the third occasion -- another Big Four summit session at Paris a year ago -- there was no problem of an illusory `` spirit '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she sat on in stubborn silence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing less would serve . (Filtered Words: 0)
And since you are made of atoms , you are nothing much but empty space , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Capital imports drawn from a number of sources must be employed and combined skillfully enough to permit domestic investment programming to go forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was [FILTERED] , working through Provost Marshal Enoch Crowder and Major [FILTERED] ( `` Old Ironpants '' ) [FILTERED] , who arranged for a secret printing by the million of selective service blanks -- again before the Act was passed -- until corridors in the Government Printing Office were full and the basement of the Washington Post Office was stacked to the ceiling . (Filtered Words: 3)
Her acting began with the Birmingham Repertory Company and she soon became the toast of the West End . (Filtered Words: 0)
Relationship of Anxiety to compulsivity (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] could never be satisfied by surface . (Filtered Words: 1)
In medicine the frequencies are much higher , transducers and the sonar beams themselves are much smaller , and different scanning techniques may be used , but the principles involved are the same as in sonar . (Filtered Words: 0)
The promotion of [FILTERED] to the position of Assistant Manager of the Interference Control Field Service Department was announced early in December by [FILTERED] , Manager of Interference Control Field Service . (Filtered Words: 2)
The usual congratulatory crowd was conspicuously absent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Adams firmly contended that the historian must never underrate the impact of the geographical environment on history . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had done all I was going to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
a holier-than-thou sermon was not . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the main , this course took the following directional high roads . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two of the principal addresses were delivered by prominent Protestants , and when the speaker was a Catholic , one `` discussant '' on the dais tended to be of another religious persuasion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The solidity of brush stroke yielded to a hatching technique that finally led to virtual abandonment of American genres in favor of single figure studies and studio nudes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The discussion of professional ethics inevitably reminded us that in the historical perspective the President's decision will finally clarify itself as a moral , rather than a medical , problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
A ton of cooling compares to the cooling you get by melting a ton of ice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Historians have traditionally regarded the great debates of the Seventeen Nineties as polarizing the issues of centralized vs. limited government , with [FILTERED] and the nationalists supporting the former and [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] upholding the latter position . (Filtered Words: 3)
And getting them seemed a life's work . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've got a quarter of a million Germans in my state , and those krautheads tune in on Father Werther every night , and if he tells them to go out and piss in the public square , that's what they do . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guards all rushed up to intervene '' (Filtered Words: 0)
The film has an adhesive on the back which permits it to be stripped onto the acrylic panels forming the sign , and also to be stripped off for replacement by new copy as required . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our instructions assume you are building this particular frame , which is for a junction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Now turn left at the Via dell' Arco Del Monte to the Piazza Dei Pellegrini . (Filtered Words: 0)
No Dartmouth man was surprised . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jewish identity was often confused with social and economic strivings . (Filtered Words: 0)
By this scheme , pulling one signal to clear locks all the other switch and signal levers in safe positions until the first signal is again restored to normal . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] still feels the same unique spirit of [FILTERED] which she stated the present Juniors will experience today but probably will not appreciate in full for a number of years . (Filtered Words: 2)
Manual leveling is inconvenient if the platform must be maintained accurately level for any prolonged period of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others look to more objective devices of order . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the year 1960 , this office supplied 954 visitors with information related to foreign and domestic commerce , and made 73 field visits . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sheriff was occupied with maneuvering the car around in a very narrow space . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of the available information comes not from the Federal government but from an exchange of experiences among states . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a glass pane in the front door , and through this he could see into a hallway where a plump woman with red hair was arranging flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
New York (Filtered Words: 0)
The accumulation of such devices , however , soon had the effect of telescoping , even while separating , surface and depth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next on his program was a call to the Jackson office of Peerless Business Machines to find out if [FILTERED] was still with them -- or , more specifically , still with us . (Filtered Words: 1)
No less ambiguous was the indefinity of a certain clergyman's sermon . (Filtered Words: 0)
They involve similar uncertainties regarding the multiple identities of any number of non-Jewish groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I hold my son he stiffens his whole body in my arms until he is as straight and stiff as a board . (Filtered Words: 0)
This brings us to the question of accreditation of art schools in general . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did seem hasty on his second and third shots , but then there was an agonizing wait of several minutes while [FILTERED] graciously putted out , giving Palmer a chance to recover his composure , which he had quite visibly lost . (Filtered Words: 1)
Assign a series of catechism questions to be memorized . (Filtered Words: 0)
This traffic , he declared prophetically , `` tho' it might be of small account at first , would increase with the progress of our Settlements . (Filtered Words: 0)
This test method is intended for determining the dimensional changes of woven or knitted fabrics , made of fibers other than wool , to be expected when the cloth is subjected to laundering procedures commonly used in the commercial laundry and the home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , we should say , on the contrary , that the accident of our later discovery made no difference whatever to the badness of the animal's pain , that it would have been every whit as bad whether a chance passer-by happened later to discover the body and feel repugnance or not . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the wealth of material and the wide variety of different electronic techniques perfected in the past few years we have selected a few examples which appear to be headed for use in the immediate future and which offer completely new tools in medical research . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew all about the infection and the fever , and , too , the moment of realization when he saw for himself , threw up his hands and quit , ended the war as a prisoner in Texas . (Filtered Words: 0)
My idea of masterful movie making . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were able to experience at first , in terms of past conventionality . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be profitable , I believe , to read these realistic humorists alongside [FILTERED]'s works , the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly , but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time , to [FILTERED]'s time . (Filtered Words: 2)
-- Engaging mature , experienced men to pioneer or open new churches in strategic population centers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drenched and shaking , he stood near the sweet-smelling stall and dared to pat her muzzle . (Filtered Words: 0)
two years later he served another three months for assault . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , the iodoamino acid formed in largest quantity in the intact thyroid is di-iodotyrosine . (Filtered Words: 0)
I meant it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] picked up the telephone ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
A recognition of multiple cost functions is therefore required . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proposals (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , Eckenfelder increased the efficiency of treatment to between 75 and 85 per cent in the summer months . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lower limit was determined by the fact that for smaller flow rates the arc started to strike to the anode holder instead of to the porous graphite plug and that it became highly unstable . (Filtered Words: 0)
In recent times , when sexual matters began to be discussed more scientifically and more openly , the emotional aspects of virginity received considerable attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
The solution reached in the agreement was more acceptable to the railroad than that originally included in a series of union demands . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the years when Israel was passing from crisis to crisis -- the Sinai campaign , the infusion of multitudes of penniless immigrants -- it was felt that the purpose of national unity could be best served if the secular majority were to yield to the religious parties . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` About 35 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I swear to you from the moment I opened my eyes , I knew it was going to be a bad day . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can call one of the car rental services directly ( Hertz , Avis , Auto-Europe [FILTERED] , and others ) and ask them to reserve a car of your choice , and some transportation lines offer this service as well . (Filtered Words: 1)
not push-ups but stand-ups (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
For those who plan to travel to Europe by one route and return by another some agencies offer a service whereby you can pick up a car in one city on arrival and leave it in another city , or even another country , when you are ready to return home . (Filtered Words: 0)
But within that framework he allowed for as much flexibility as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
the intellectual honesty and capacity to recognize the true path of her own best interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this , philosophy and science share a common goal . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was able to discern the body lines of the Roman women under their robes . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this is a public park and it's a city ordinance that the statues cannot be crawled on '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
wetting a wart with this saliva on wakening the first thing in the morning was supposed to cause it to disappear after only a few treatments , and strangely enough many warts did just that . (Filtered Words: 0)
To find estimated net farm income , subtract estimated annual farming expenditures from probable gross income from farming . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well-wishers around the world hoped that the Congo would quickly assume a respectable position in the society of nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should I show my daughter how things should be colored ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , civil defense instructions received over CONELRAD or by other means should be followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could the ambassador himself be the man on this side the prime minister feared ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Could an employee's garden club take over partial care of plant grounds ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I know I do not have to dwell here on the absurdity of that contention . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is true that most architectural schools have five year courses , some even have six or more . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no chance to say another word . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somewhere in the distance , a woman screamed . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] followed Eddie into the office and shut the door . (Filtered Words: 1)
You might need it . (Filtered Words: 0)
This throwed the animal off balance , and over it'd crash onto its head and shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just because a tree or other object appears in a certain spot is absolutely no reason to place it in the same position in the painting , unless the position serves the design of the whole composition . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stockade was brilliantly lighted and the guerrillas sighted him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The vast , dungeon kitchens may seem hardly worth using except on occasions when one is faced with a thousand unexpected guests for lunch . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] symbolized so much that was unpleasant -- Tolley , the indifference with which the Fairbrothers and indeed the whole neighborhood now treated her and which she would die rather than acknowledge to her husband , his lack of understanding and sympathy in her present condition , her disgusting swollen stomach . (Filtered Words: 1)
Because that's what you're doing -- wrecking it , wrecking it , wrecking it '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The sizes of pieces needed for the interlocking frame are shown in the notes within [FILTERED]. 7 , most of the bars being 1/8'' '' brass in 1/4'' '' and 1/2'' '' widths . (Filtered Words: 1)
A cow rose from the ground rear end first . (Filtered Words: 0)
That theme cuts through hypocrisies , complacency and double-talk . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood up , stretched , looked around for the bubbles , but could see none . (Filtered Words: 0)
There the name vaguely connotes new-rich wealth , a reputation for eccentricity , and an ardor for collecting art . (Filtered Words: 0)
To that question the answer is simple ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hoa-whup '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
( J ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Continuing with the case in which **zg is a Af curve on a quadric Q , we first observe that the second regulus of Q consists precisely of the lines which join the two free intersections of **zg and the planes through any one of the multiple secants . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s office adjoined the stable , and the walls were adorned with brightly colored lithographs , the folk art of the period . (Filtered Words: 1)
We have no answer as to why we are not alarmed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The entry DIOCS must be written exactly as shown . (Filtered Words: 0)
He clattered down the stairs and out of the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Believing that God is the Author of this law and of all laws of nature , Roman Catholics believe that they are obliged to obey those laws , not frustrate or mock them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten years ago they blew up some of our ditches . (Filtered Words: 0)
He reached out to pull the door shut and fasten it with a sliding bolt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hiroshima is a better city than it was before -- in the minds of the people I met was a strong determination for peace and understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
His best mile to date is 2:32.2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and I had not loved each other . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Chicken '' , [FILTERED] said , and theatrically licked his lips . (Filtered Words: 1)
Later on , they and the mother Psithyrus are fed by the Bombus workers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Insurance (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wait a minute , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
it's just right for a boy of 12-1/2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
west coast . (Filtered Words: 0)
The doorman began to nod his head automatically , then remembered who [FILTERED] was , what had happened to him the night before . (Filtered Words: 1)
The education program for retarded children conducted by the East Greenwich school system has pupils from at least one neighboring community . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Myra wouldn't budge without an express invitation . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in a sudden wave of painful clarity , [FILTERED] recognized a kinship with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
It might be , indeed it had already proved to be a marriage without love , but it was marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before the Draft Act was passed [FILTERED] had confidentially briefed governors , sheriffs , and prospective draft board members on the administration of the measure -- and the confidence was kept so well that only one newspaper learned what was going on . (Filtered Words: 1)
Where Acheson had fought a gallant losing battle for the Department , Dulles fed the crocodile with his subordinates . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was also stone deaf in her right ear . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were fences in the old days when we were children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
C . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has written to me of sexual activity in February 1943 of young born in March 1940 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sec. 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The answer is , of course , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a kind of friendliness and frankness of address toward the audience which we have been led to believe was peculiar to the American ballet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nick recalled stories that the two best fishing spots in Southern California were over the La Jolla Deep and the Redondo Deep , two spots where the ocean dropped off to fantastic depths almost from the shoreline . (Filtered Words: 0)
He came into the bag with his body and [FILTERED] brought the ball down full in his face . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Bourbon economic philosophy , moreover , is not very different from that of Northern conservatives . (Filtered Words: 0)
I bought another pint of sherry and when we got back Pops let us in in the dark , put back the blanket and then lighted the candle again . (Filtered Words: 0)
As an Air Force psychiatrist put it : `` You can't have dry runs on this one '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On January 4 , with the boys back at school and college , Mrs. [FILTERED] wrote Harcourt to say that she was `` through , quite through '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
After the decking is on , the cabin sides are installed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some are so filled with gratitude , for the gift of life and the love of God , that their joy spills out on the paper and brightens the lives of thousands whom they have never known , and will never see . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tenderly and rather tediously , the camera rivets on the abrupt , deep love of a pretty nurse and a uniformed teacher , complicated by nothing more than a friend they don't want to hurt . (Filtered Words: 0)
It ran north , away from the town and the people , through woods and past the nothingness of a graveyard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furniture upholstery , as just one example , can easily take millions of pounds ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The private detective ( at least in the minds of listeners and readers all over the country ) is an individual hero fighting injustice . (Filtered Words: 0)
And those of Early Spring , haunted and now full of hurt and envy . (Filtered Words: 0)
this was the point at which he finally took the lead in Cubist innovation away from Braque , never again to relinquish it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of their location , on the edge of the feed lot , fence-line bunks are not in the way of mechanical manure removal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Subjects (Filtered Words: 0)
The anchorite strove , in fact , to magically influence the world of spirits in the same way that the divine emperor manifested his power . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same restrictions apply after local sunset in the case of class 3 , stations operating on regional channels , which after that time are required to operate under nighttime restrictions in order to protect each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tokyo (Filtered Words: 0)
But now that all production builders build with drywall and all smart builders build with panels , green lumber is an anachronism you cannot afford . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conversely , let G be any polynomial such that Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is discouraging for students to realize that the societies do not truly uphold the standards for which they are supposed to stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
the conflict is not [FILTERED] versus Grigori or Shuiski or even the ghost of the murdered child , but [FILTERED] versus the Russian people . (Filtered Words: 2)
There was a lady there , in a nightdress . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he reached the dip in the woods , he saw that already the earlier ruts were barely discernible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant's financial contribution ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
it made her blister . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he would walk off for a few days alone in the direction of Europe . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , insofar as science generates any fear , it stems not so much from scientific prowess and gadgets but from the fact that new unanswered questions arise , which , until they are understood , create uncertainty . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the moment , many of these are being pulled down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , runaway slaves frequently got into serious trouble in New Orleans' dives . (Filtered Words: 0)
Small areas that aren't right for a certain crop may lie next to areas that are well suited to that crop . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next day he seemed to be in fairly good shape and still in excellent spirits . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shivered , and then tore away the blood-soaked parts and wound the rest around his neck like a scarf . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are conscious of this state's new feeling of optimism and assurance and are definitely impressed by the number of new plants and construction projects in Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
While [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] collaborated on [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] worked also with [FILTERED] on another film , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 6)
It was a Negro section of peeling row houses , store-front churches and ragged children . (Filtered Words: 0)
The single-barrel [FILTERED] ( under $35 ) is made with a side lever rather than a top-tang lever because many youngsters aren't strong enough to operate a top tang to open a gun -- and the side lever does indeed open very easily . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` He's dead , isn't he '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] introduced him into several Roman homes . (Filtered Words: 1)
justice delayed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But fatty foods do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that I intentionally go unperceived , but the boulders up there are very high and I am a small woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the patient can perceive figure kinesthetically when he cannot perceive it visually , then , it would seem , the sense of touch has immediate contact with the spatial aspects of things in independence of visual representations , at least in regard to two dimensions , and , as we shall see , even this much spatial awareness on the part of unaided touch is denied by the authors . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did find some to trust , however , and he employed the King's soldiers to trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt them . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] : `` Look , [FILTERED] doesn't go to bed with boys -- no sex , see ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
He is the conveyor of a sacred reality by which he has been grasped . (Filtered Words: 0)
Medical and health (Filtered Words: 0)
Elements used in combination will increase the over-all capability more than the sum of the capabilities of the individual elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had sold oil stock to [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] in person ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
The doctor could call it anything from flu to beriberi ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirty-one minutes later , when it took off for El Paso , hardly anyone of the crew of six or the 65 other passengers paid any attention to the man and teen-age boy who had come aboard . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guy with most on the Ball . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gre't big fat chicken , yeah '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] understood . (Filtered Words: 1)
Volume 2 , , in three parts , in 1956 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was thinking of the heat and of water that morning when I was plowing the stubble field far across the hill from the farm buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , in this involution there is a cone of invariant lines of order Af , namely the cone of secants of **zg which pass through P . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So intricate , so beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , it has made an exact assessment of the removal mechanisms possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
The participants were Professor [FILTERED] , professor of mathematics at King's College , London ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Seeds of the sago palm are used in Bermuda to make heads and faces of dolls sold to tourists . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , it is no interference with sovereignty to point out defects where they exist , such as that a plan calls for factories without power to run them , or for institutions without trained personnel to staff them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Very recently , observations have been made at 8-mm wave length with a reflector 22 meters in diameter with a resultant beam width of only about 2' ( Amenitskii , Noskova , and Salomonovich , 1960 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wine bought from a dealer should ideally be allowed to rest for several weeks before it is served . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could get along without that three dollars . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other areas , Congressional action last week included : (Filtered Words: 0)
New York , N.Y. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Three-part analysis of the costs of an electric utility business (Filtered Words: 0)
If the lever is pulled to clear a signal or move a switch , the tappet moves a short distance lengthwise at the same time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The costumes are stunning evocations of the voluminous gowns and picture hats of the Gibson Girl days . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the half darkness the banisters gleamed , and the hall seemed enormous . (Filtered Words: 0)
General responsibility for its administration rested with a division of the colonial government concerned with labor supply and native affairs , Service des Affaires Indigenes et de la Main-d'Oeuvre ( AIMO , Af Direction , Af Direction Generale , Gouvernement Generale ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was angry , sickened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Breeding might move up (Filtered Words: 0)
One-armed , gruff , frugally honest , Governor [FILTERED] had been the ideal man to assume office in Arkansas after the disgraceful antics of political bosses like [FILTERED] , and he ruled the state with an iron fist , tolerating no nonsense . (Filtered Words: 2)
A continuous change in T through an amount E results in a translation along an analytic arc of the curve Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The contract called for overhauling of 102 joints . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if there was evidence at the Trial that aimed over [FILTERED]'s head at his collaborators in the societies where he functioned , the press seems to have missed it . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Why don't you bastards lay off for a while '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These balls are moving in great circles and ellipses , and are of course , the electrons , the particles of negative electricity which by their action create the forces that tie this atom of calcium to the neighboring atoms of oxygen and make up the solid structure of my finger bone . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is in the continuance of the `` grandfather clauses '' in their membership requirements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over a hundred students participate in the planning and production of the daily program schedule . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like certain expensive restaurants , just sitting there gave you the illusion of being wealthy yourself . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ticonderoga folded a few minutes too soon , before the tide changed , still honest and stupid -- and the network of dealers the company had is around waiting to be signed up again -- waiting for us , ready-made . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] would then accuse them of creating a monopoly by `` unfair competition '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Further , it should be recalled that some very definite steps were taken by Congress to combat corruption in the labor movement by its passage of the Landrum-Griffin Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
Congressional reaction to the message was along expected lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
and [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] of nineteenth century American letters . (Filtered Words: 2)
It is not that the facts of the persecution were unavailable ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She retreated by leaving the room when we suggested that our meeting might well terminate right then and there . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm glad you feel that way , honey . (Filtered Words: 0)
But don't try to stop me , either '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this decision a man must take personal responsibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exboyfriend meet exhusband '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] with them , [FILTERED] had gone out to the Coast for a supposedly brief visit ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Leading his pony , he hurried that way , not remounting till he was well below the level of the surrounding range . (Filtered Words: 0)
They include both individual fears and collective ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was not sure what kind of a man he had in hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Patiently , he explained what he knew about their course and their objectives . (Filtered Words: 0)
They , too , need to learn to delegate . (Filtered Words: 0)
On top of everything else they were two months behind on their apartment rent , and the day Wally received written notice that he was fired , they were evicted . (Filtered Words: 0)
353 U. S. , at 605 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their ham butts , cured in oak-log smoke , were also esteemed when roasted or boiled , and served with this original sauce : (Filtered Words: 0)
Use of these roads by the public results in substantial benefits to the localities the roads serve . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Fiscal uniformity : advantages and disadvantages (Filtered Words: 0)
Into a little well before the temple he dropped a hundred-yen coin and then he had an urge to sound the bell before the temple , to take hold of the rope and crash it against the circle of bronze ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He filled me in . (Filtered Words: 0)
He recognized that whatever transformation may be effected in the first stage of an R-stage process , the remaining stages must use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to the state resulting from the first stage , if there is to be any chance of optimizing the complete process . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked curiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED] held an 8:30 a.m. meeting with top military and foreign-policy advisers , decided to break off diplomatic relations immediately . (Filtered Words: 1)
Issue no. 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thanks to [FILTERED] and the terrible strain he imposed on me , the notices were few and unfavorable . (Filtered Words: 1)
It dawns on you that instead of a lump to fill the seat across the bridge table from you , he was a man , and that because [FILTERED] was making you miserable , you were passing it down to him , to [FILTERED]'s substitute , that other guy . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] shrugged . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the Dominican Republic achieves free , democratic government , it will be due in large part to the U.S. show of force that enabled President [FILTERED] to prevent a threatened restoration of Trujillo dictatorship . (Filtered Words: 1)
It would not give . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] exclaimed , with true affection . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was the oldest and most influential paper in Cuba , with a reputation for speaking out against tyranny . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had sat beside [FILTERED] at the rostrum of a congress of Zionists . (Filtered Words: 1)
Washington (Filtered Words: 0)
Attack (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no church like Drew Church , no preacher like Papa , who was intimate with Him , and could consign sinners to hellfire . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inadequacy of our library system will become critical unless we act vigorously to correct this condition . (Filtered Words: 0)
In May , 1803 , Ritter , in another flight of fancy , wrote to Oersted a letter that contained a remarkable prophecy . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few days before I saw your mention of what Texas Liberals were doing to promote `` Louis Capet '' ( The Week '' , June 3 ) , another analogy had occurred to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost febrile in intensity , the principle has become worldwide in application -- unfortunately at the very time that nationalist fervors can wreak greatest harm . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] listened . (Filtered Words: 1)
His matchmaking is , naturally , incidental , and it only serves [FILTERED] right when a determined widow takes him by the ear and leads him off to matrimony . (Filtered Words: 1)
The killer , if in our present group , would certainly be interested in knowing that much , and even though with the fingerprint evidence what it was I could see no way he could use this bit of information to improve on his situation , there might always be some way . (Filtered Words: 0)
And here is Kennan's image of [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]'s temporary collaborator in the subjugation and oppression of weaker peoples , and his later enemy : (Filtered Words: 2)
In 1952 Mr. [FILTERED] won all but Missouri . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] gave [FILTERED] credit for the initiation of the draft of soldiers ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
and the author , who seemed the embodiment of France's rising spirit of resistance to her conquerors , was much complimented for his daring military action . (Filtered Words: 0)
So we note approvingly a fresh sample of unanimity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theresa shifted to a new page . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mama had told her how [FILTERED]'s lungs had been affected when he was gassed in the war . (Filtered Words: 1)
Figs. 7 and 8 give all pertinent dimensions . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] knew of course that the tale to be unfolded would involve a girl and probably be dirty , because girls were [FILTERED]' only apparent interest . (Filtered Words: 2)
According to this doctrine , the universe was ruled by Heaven , T'ien -- as a natural force , or in the personification of a Supreme Sky-god -- governing all things by means of a process called the [FILTERED] , which can be roughly interpreted as `` the Order of the Universe '' or `` the Universal Way '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thornburg popped in to advise , `` Andy , Skolman's sending up smoke signals . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hesperus '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Kind Mr. [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
I myself have witnessed and endured it more than once . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He says : `` That would reduce neurotic ailments tremendously . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , depending on availability of dietary iodine , thyroglobulin may contain varying quantities of iodine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its ribs showed , it was a yellow nondescript color , it suffered from a variety of sores , hair had scabbed off its body in patches . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll make out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over his shoulder he could see [FILTERED]'s loose grin and the Burnsides' glowering faces . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is now a sweep of boulders and ledges , with oak , walnut and sumac creeping across the common , and everywhere the ruins and the long , long shadows . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm going to put it on my dresser '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One is the primary purpose for which marriage exists , namely , the continuance of the race through the gift and heritage of children ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
) Salted butter was another cure for bruises . (Filtered Words: 0)
The economic importance of seed crops actually is even greater , because additional returns are obtained from most of the corn , oats , barley , and sorghum -- as well as the cake and meal from the processing of flaxseed , cottonseed , and soybeans -- through conversion to poultry , meat , and dairy products . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore as through one man sin entered into the world and through sin death , and thus death has passed unto all men because all have sinned . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , kindled by his kiss , his caressing hand , her desire was aflame . (Filtered Words: 0)
Serve on buns . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unless I'm crazy as hell , they're two of Painter's dicks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even as she was telling me about it I became aware of a give-away flush that suffused her neck and moved upwards to her cheeks , and subconsciously I realized that when she entered the store she did not switch on the lights . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost all of the 3,000 lumber dealers who cater primarily to the new-house market and supply 90% of this year's new houses are mechanized . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quint glared . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought of her , the first one . (Filtered Words: 0)
structure and properties of macromolecules (Filtered Words: 0)
Why should Congress even consider allowing such a sum for that which can give no protection ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But she was beyond caring what she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally we got them out of the house , after the boy had run away four times looking for other Nazis , threatening to murder village schoolchildren and bragging that he was to be the next Fuhrer . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's past helping . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See Chapters 30 through 37 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Height , 6' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then I saw the father's head slightly turn ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
in the distance he saw a band of men who seemed to advance and retreat even as he watched . (Filtered Words: 0)
The daughter profited from his interest in scientific and philosophical subjects . (Filtered Words: 0)
I admired their easy way of doing things but I couldn't escape an uneasiness at their way of always doing the right things . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cannot , of course , examine each proposal from scratch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also the clerk appeared to disapprove of my frequent curious glances back over my shoulder . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the league takes a stand , with great regularity , on the side of right . (Filtered Words: 0)
The press conference became a stage which betrayed the drift of his private thinking , rather than his convictions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The upper limit was determined by the difficulty of measuring the characteristic anode surface temperature ( see below ) since only a small region of the anode was struck by the arc . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet there were other motivations and actions which the Belgians took after independence for which history may not find them guiltless . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Springfield come in tomorrow '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There followed the historic appropriations and budget fight , in which the General Assembly decided to tackle executive powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the photographically realistic continuity of dreams , however bizarre their combinations , denies that it is purely a composition of the brain , it must be compounded from views of diverse realities , although some of them may never be encountered in what we are pleased to call the real life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't worry , [FILTERED] , he'll be back in the Beethoven fold by next year '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The slippage of the drive belts caused the aerator to slow down and reduce oxygen transfer as well as the mixing of the raw sewage . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is true of the melodic line which could be put together from selected passages of almost anybody -- [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Alley fences were made of solid boards higher than one's head , but not so high as the golden glow in a corner or the hollyhocks that grew in a line against them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The justification in Christian conscience of the use of any mode of resistance also lays down its limitation -- in the distinction between the persons against whom pressure is primarily directed , those upon whom it may be permitted also to fall , and those who may never be directly repressed for the sake even of achieving some great good . (Filtered Words: 0)
diocs -- define input/output control system (Filtered Words: 0)
He swung around , eyes toward the bedroom , some fifteen feet away . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , it's not that '' , I told her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing in all this is autobiographical : unlike the poets of Deor and [FILTERED] , the poet of Beowulf is not concerned with his own identity ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
And [FILTERED] thanked her , and hoped he might meet her nephew back home , and asked her if she had any further news of the Pope . (Filtered Words: 1)
With these completed and ice gone from the St. Peter's River ( present-day Minnesota river ) their 250 bushels of wheat , 100 bushels of oats and barley and 30 bushels of peas and some chickens were loaded onto the flat-bottomed boats and rowed up the river to Big Stone Lake , across into Lake Traverse , and down the Red . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since an objective viewer might well conclude that this is not a situation that would often arise , the film's extensive discussion of the problem seems , at best , superfluous . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't overlook the straws this year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some phonetic features , for example glottal catch or murmur , are sometimes to be assigned to segmental phonemics and sometimes to accentual systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
His neighbors cheered him on . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the time of her divorce Forbes had promised to pay her a lump sum in lieu of further alimony if she remarried . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fire had just been lighted , he saw , and things had been set out for drinks , and , like any stray , his response to these comforts was instantaneous . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It doesn't seem quite right , telling her a thing like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither growth nor a development program can be imposed on a country ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Confederate Constitution , 1861 (Filtered Words: 0)
Fiscal years in other states (Filtered Words: 0)
( Which is understandable -- if you've ever sampled the exotic , peppery fare . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cost of developing a major weapon system is now so enormous that the greatest care must be exercised in selecting new systems for development , in determining the most satisfactory rate of development , and in deciding the proper time at which either to place a system into production or to abandon it . (Filtered Words: 0)
After that he was never known to run or even walk fast . (Filtered Words: 0)
In conformity with this conclusion a higher trace gallium content was found in the portion ( flange ) that has undergone a second melting . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have now a quiet city , fewer automobiles , less congestion , and fewer retail customers shopping in center city . (Filtered Words: 0)
He came by and repeated , `` Po' Chavis '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter what style your home is , ranch , two-story , Colonial or contemporary , central air conditioning is easily installed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reduced to beggary , he at last got a job as office boy to a television producer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fine '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took a long but carefully controlled draught . (Filtered Words: 0)
There must be a restriction in the deed to provide that the customer may not be charged more than the current market price for the oil , an obvious precaution , since the account is permanently wedded , just like with gas or electricity . (Filtered Words: 0)
it also contains nearly all the mass , and the atomic energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the women learn to keep house as maids ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Farther south , there are attractive patches all the way to the Ozarks , with some seasonal peaks as late as early November . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question may be raised whether or not we are dealing with a common factor in anxiety and compulsivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am a magazine ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The share of the new housing market enjoyed by apartments , which began about six years ago , has more than tripled within that span of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Holidays (Filtered Words: 0)
Needless to say , any such inference would be quite unwarranted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Helping retarded children (Filtered Words: 0)
What if the marines never came ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Now turn around so I can see your face '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They get all the glory and most of the pay and don't earn ten cents apiece on the average , the drunken rascals '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know '' , [FILTERED] said dejectedly . (Filtered Words: 1)
It would be such a relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
The right to leave legacies should be substantially reduced and ultimately eliminated . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1707 an earthquake in Japan generated waves so huge that they piled into the Inland Sea ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
My men have been here all afternoon , setting up for this thing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and one U.S. official said : `` The key question now is which side picks up the phone first '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You really in a hurry , Handsome '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He is married to the former [FILTERED] and has a daughter , Karol , 13 . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Readiness exercises '' are almost continuous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Folly danced , eager for whatever lay beyond the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Referring to Britain , he says , `` We see a nation that traditionally values sovereignty above all else willing to give up its economy , placing this authority in Continental hands '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Blanche Jacobs , [FILTERED] death had a quite different effect . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Georgia State Chamber of Commerce tried to guard against the danger of eliminating potential candidates . (Filtered Words: 0)
The really remarkable thing to me is that most California natives unhesitatingly elect to slow down and permit the invading car free access . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Miss Maude . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the radiation may be so intense at the start that one percent may be extremely dangerous . (Filtered Words: 0)
The air conditioning and ventilating systems of large buildings are subject to attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
The occasion for this marathon : Angel's long-awaited reissue in its `` Great Recordings Of The Century '' series of the Schnabel-Pro Arte version . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of Saxony rode the Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg , one of the Czarina's cousins and a lieutenant general in her armies , a frank , sensitive , popular soldier whose kindnesses Littlepage would `` always recall with the sincerest gratitude '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Digby calmed down , but made one request . (Filtered Words: 0)
by now it was perhaps two days or longer after Papa had begun hemorrhaging . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Three-day blow '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] would hear about it . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was a member of the Oakland City Methodist Church and a native of Atlanta . (Filtered Words: 0)
Open-flame heating or cooking should be avoided . (Filtered Words: 0)
Number all the tappet bars before removing them so they can be replaced in the same slots . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such conversation quickly reveals an ethically significant ambivalence in the self-images held by most realtors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our new large-package ring twister for glass fiber yarns is performing well in our customers' mills . (Filtered Words: 0)
His portion of the program -- and a big portion it was -- consisted of half the major nineteenth-century concertos for the violin : to wit , the Mendelssohn and the Tchaikovsky . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rathbone said he was bleeding to death . (Filtered Words: 0)
large and eager audiences . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] may underestimate the psychological importance of even token equality . (Filtered Words: 1)
The slaves appeared to be in good health and at work under [FILTERED] overseer . (Filtered Words: 1)
Liter quantities of Mallinckrodt , low sulfur , reagent grade carbon tetrachloride were saturated with Af and Af and illuminated for about 50 hours with a 1000 watt tungsten lamp at a distance of a few inches . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter involved hitting a full four-wood out to the first fairway and toward the clubhouse , hoping to slice it back to the deeply bunkered 9th green . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had almost forgotten them , although they had played such an important part in his early dreams . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why should I want pictures of an empty room now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These bunks also serve as a fence , so part of the additional cost must be attributed to the fence . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] reflected . (Filtered Words: 1)
You might have failed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dec. 22 is the deadline for Mrs. [FILTERED]'s return ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
His eyes were dazed . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED] couldn't stay away from his desk for the 75-minute young people's concert played on the White House lawn yesterday by the 85-piece Transylvania Symphony Orchestra from Brevard , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Her mouth , soft and full , was something for any man to dream about . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only the families and a dozen close friends will be present . (Filtered Words: 0)
These can also move a short distance but at right angles to the tappets . (Filtered Words: 0)
These frescos have had no care for eighty years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Queen of the seas (Filtered Words: 0)
It was merely a rationalization and ordering of new institutions of popular government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Led by [FILTERED] , these mobsters specialized in train robberies but as a sideline they looted stores and robbed banks , making liberal use of their guns . (Filtered Words: 1)
Though there is obviously great need for continued experimentation with various types of short-term intervention to further efforts in developing an operational definition of prevention at the secondary -- or perhaps , in some instances , primary -- level , the place of short-term intervention has already been documented by a number of investigators in a wide variety of settings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course the matter caught the public's attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] proved a man of prompt action when Mrs. [FILTERED] , accompanied by a friend , visited him in Bakersfield , California , several months ago as a prospective patient . (Filtered Words: 2)
, Af and the [FILTERED] , the long action ( about $135 for the Standard Coltsman and $200 for the Custom version ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
No plunkers for him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We believe that the list of vital things left undone to date by the Eighty-seventh Congress should have included repeal by the Senate of the Connally amendment . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was [FILTERED] , who posed with Mrs. [FILTERED] for the portrait by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
Your continuing editorials concerning the Schuylkill Expressway are valuable ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He pushed stick and rudder and entered the overcast on his back . (Filtered Words: 0)
( F ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Jazz Three open program (Filtered Words: 0)
Many thanks for a job well done . (Filtered Words: 0)
He smiled to himself , and decided not to mention them till Dolores did . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Ruling would not , however , apply to an acquisition of assets for cash . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cholesterol level in the blood is influenced by the glands of the body . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The coalition was to prove inadvisable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The foaming can be accomplished at some future time at a different location by the addition of the correct proportion of catalyst in solution . (Filtered Words: 0)
So the pattern was established . (Filtered Words: 0)
In archaeology , for example , the contributions of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] to the various volumes of the Victoria County Histories raised the discipline from the status of an antiquarian pastime to that of the most valuable single tool of the early English historian . (Filtered Words: 2)
he brushed his shoulders and his back and his collar with long , firm strokes . (Filtered Words: 0)
This tool can also be made with a lathe . (Filtered Words: 0)
A considerable amount of evidence exists to show that an unhappy and insecure child is not likely to do well in school subjects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until the Cuban fiasco and the Communist military victories in Laos , almost any observer would have said that President [FILTERED] had blended a program that respected , generally , the opinions voiced both by Mr. [FILTERED] and the professors . (Filtered Words: 2)
Giffen replied punctually and enthusiastically : `` Rest assured that your accompanying Letter of Instructions shall be in the Letter and Spirit strictly complied with and most particularly in regard to that part of them relative to the completion of your noble and humane views '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You get business where the business is , not where it isn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stock designs are excellent for use with scopes . (Filtered Words: 0)
This sum spent for foreign economic aid , the peace corps , food for peace , or any other program to solve the problems of the underdeveloped countries would be an investment that would pay off in world peace , increased world trade , and prosperity for every country on the globe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somebody was riding the tree . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drawers and cabinets in two bedrooms and a sewing room were ransacked . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a few weeks [FILTERED] made another sortie at Taliesin , but was repulsed at the locked and guarded gates . (Filtered Words: 1)
The cowboy films , the cops and robbers films , and the slapstick comedy films culminating in an insane chase are not only catering to what critics may assume to be a vulgar taste for violence ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
he was talking to himself thirteen to the dozen and smoking two cigars at once , clearly a man in extremis . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was the daughter and sole heiress of either a cattle baron or an oil millionaire and , having arrived in New York with a big bank roll , became a dabbler in various fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
In of all the suggestions that were made , his was the silliest the possessive his represents his suggestion and is stressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] did not neglect to cultivate the personal friendship of reporters . (Filtered Words: 1)
Though there is obviously great need for continued experimentation with various types of short-term intervention to further efforts in developing an operational definition of prevention at the secondary -- or perhaps , in some instances , primary -- level , the place of short-term intervention has already been documented by a number of investigators in a wide variety of settings . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , no , not again '' , he said aloud . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the new offering , only $60 million in debentures are convertible into 923,076 common shares . (Filtered Words: 0)
Issue no. 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The seventeen men stood and stared at him for a moment longer . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was not a superstitious man , but he felt perhaps there was a little something in that , indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We ain't got nothing to talk about . (Filtered Words: 0)
The administration has said the sales tax proposal is merely part of the segregation strategy , since the revenues from the increase would be dedicated to a grant in aid program . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result was the `` [FILTERED] Report '' , prepared by [FILTERED] , as chairman , with the assistance of two U.N. Under Secretaries , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` Don't be afraid , Violet '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] will be honored at a Family Week supper and program at 6 p.m. Sunday at Trinity Methodist Church . (Filtered Words: 1)
The wholesome activities were to be provided by many organizations including the YMCA , the Knights of Columbus , the Jewish Welfare Board , the American Library Association , and the Playground and Recreation Association -- private societies which voluntarily performed the job that was taken over almost entirely by the Special Services Division of the Army itself in World War 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's an ugly , terrible snake '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
A previously extinguished conditioned reaction was restored in monkey A and was associated with typical signs of emotional excitement including sympathetic discharges . (Filtered Words: 0)
List the kind and quantity of things the farm can be expected to produce in an average year . (Filtered Words: 0)
There wasn't anything of special interest that morning , no one sicker than they should have been . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the imagination of the nineteenth century the Greek tragedians and [FILTERED] stand side by side , their affinity transcending all the immense contrarieties of historical circumstance , religious belief , and poetic form . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
There was much embracing , much exclaiming . (Filtered Words: 0)
The law-abiding citizens of Petrie had gathered inside Kaster's Store , halfway down the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only a native New Yorker could believe that New York is now or ever was a literary center . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was a fun one '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He conducted it with less diplomacy and more spontaneous violence than the Sicilians , but he had his huge North Side portion to exploit and he made a great deal of money . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Arrangements for a statewide pre-primary endorsing convention in Fresno next Jan. 26-28 . (Filtered Words: 0)
After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice-filled passageway -- and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The murderer lifted his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
The telephone interrupted him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hangover in turn reminded him of his conversation with the weirdy , and he groaned . (Filtered Words: 0)
When more than two figures are separated by subtraction symbols the subtraction must be carried out from the left to right if the result is to be correct . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only response we can think of is the humble one that at least we aren't playing the marimba with our shoes in the United Nations , but perhaps the heavy domes in the house of delegates can improve on this feeble effort . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jouvet played him as a sincere zealot , and Ledoux , at the [FILTERED] , made him a gross buffoon , or so the historians tell us . (Filtered Words: 1)
to small business (Filtered Words: 0)
Dulles ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Using launch systems presently available , we are developing satellites to scout the world's weather ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the center of any open space remaining our grandfathers had planted syringa and sweet-shrub , snowball , rose-of-Sharon and balm-of-Gilead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the yard looked wet and bald , the trees bare under their buds , but in a while Miss [FILTERED]'s flowers would bloom like a marching parade . (Filtered Words: 1)
Time in the sum is nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's $600 in gold in this chamois sack . (Filtered Words: 0)
This hypothesis will account for a large part of the difficulties of tonal analysis , as well as the fact that vowel systems are often more puzzling than consonantal systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the allocation pattern worked out for these frequencies , the provision of long-range service has to some extent been subordinated to the other two objectives -- assignment of multiple facilities , and assignment of stations in as many communities as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
but many against combining to raise it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're missing the point '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has moved on various levels , it has been clamorous and confused . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw a piece the other day assailing [FILTERED] , author of Man And God at Yale and publisher of The National Review , as no conservative at all , but an old liberal . (Filtered Words: 1)
They had protested that that wasn't any surprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
He smiled at [FILTERED] and slowly rubbed his hands together . (Filtered Words: 1)
As a result , although we still make use of this distinction , there is much confusion as to the meaning of the basic terms employed . (Filtered Words: 0)
By studying high speed movies made of this type of failure , the sequence of relationships as schematically illustrated in [FILTERED]. 9 could be observed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Organification of iodine (Filtered Words: 0)
We often say of a person that he `` looks young for his age '' or `` old for his age '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
after completing the payments prescribed by paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) of this subsection , to make payments , from time to time in ratable proportions , on account of the unpaid principal of all awards in the principal amount of more than $1,000 , according to the proportions which the unpaid principal of such awards bear to the total amount in the fund available for distribution at the time such payments are made ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` About the same , [FILTERED] , about the same '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
With the exception of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , the credits are as unfamiliar as you'll find on the Robert Herridge Theater . (Filtered Words: 2)
That was something of an understatement in a week when the underlying conflict between the West and Communism erupted on three fronts . (Filtered Words: 0)
( like compression strength of urethane foams , it has a direct relationship to formulation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You could burn down this whole mountainside with a fire that size . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are eight states in which the largest urban vote can be the balance of power in any close election . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a large and circumspect 20th-Century technique , he wove the materials of national heroes and events , national folklore and children's fairy tales -- Slavic dances and love songs -- into a solid musical literature which served his people well , and is providing much enjoyment to the World at large . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was so scared well , I just ran to my car and came here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cars , taxis , buses , and motorscooters all went plunging at once down the narrow length of it or swerving perilously around a fountain . (Filtered Words: 0)
and if he wasn't entirely committed to what he did , he was at least fascinated by the chance of wider opportunities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here's your feed additive guide for ruminants : (Filtered Words: 0)
Resolved that his wrongs and bereavements in Kansas , occasioned by the violence and brutality of those who were intent on the propagation of slavery in that territory , call for a charitable judgment upon his recent efforts in Virginia to undermine the despotism from which he had suffered , and commend his family to the special sympathy and aid of all who pity suffering and reverence justice . (Filtered Words: 0)
First the Larkins are ahead , then the Jerebohms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then (Filtered Words: 0)
On June 14 , 1900 the Manchester Journal reported that an electrical engineer was installing an electric light plant for [FILTERED] at `` Ormsby Hill '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
the thump and whir of our new presses . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the sound of a siren . (Filtered Words: 0)
But our two Jeep mates -- [FILTERED] from Luang Prabang and [FILTERED] from Beaver , Pennsylvania -- were beaming under their coatings of dust . (Filtered Words: 2)
Since the validity of all subsequent planning depends on the accuracy of the basic inventory information , great care is being taken that the inventory is as complete as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Information on pages 8 to 14 may help you in deciding on the kind and scale of your farming venture . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grosse swore now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cousin Emma had simply put Miss [FILTERED] , Rome , Italy , on the envelope , had walked up to the post office in Tuxapoka , Alabama , and mailed it with as much confidence as if it had been a birthday card to her next-door neighbor . (Filtered Words: 1)
The bill , which Daniel said he drafted personally , would force banks , insurance firms , pipeline companies and other corporations to report such property to the state treasurer . (Filtered Words: 0)
It did not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now in its third year , the program is designed to provide a laboratory for those youngsters seeking careers in marketing and salesmanship . (Filtered Words: 0)
recordings ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Though he struggled with philosophy all his life , he never got much beyond the pessimism of his twenties ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Further research , we believe , will develop important commercial applications . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , subbing for [FILTERED] , smashed a 3-run homer off [FILTERED] during another 5-run explosion in the fourth . (Filtered Words: 3)
His immediate motive for doing this may not have been directly inspired by [FILTERED] , but this measure must inevitably have increased the existing beliefs in the latter's efficacy . (Filtered Words: 1)
The dust clogged their throats , and the heat parched them , so that the women were always making ice water . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] called the Adams method literally antihistorical , while Clive Day maintained that the assumptions were not confined to theories alone but were also applicable to straight factual evidence . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was dead before he hit the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the more noteworthy changes that have taken place since the mid-19th century is the situation of Catholics at Oxford and Cambridge Universities . (Filtered Words: 0)
This expansion has been going on for an estimated eight billion years . (Filtered Words: 0)
The brief notes introducing each work offer salient historical or technical points , and many listeners are probably grateful for being intelligently taken by the hand through an often difficult maze . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter who the candidate for marriage selected by the gapt (Filtered Words: 0)
It is perhaps difficult to conceive , but imagine that tonight on London bridge the [FILTERED] boys of the East End will gather to sing [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and perhaps some lyrics of their own . (Filtered Words: 4)
He can take security from the fact that the progress he has made by his gentle approach will not be lost . (Filtered Words: 0)
( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
An Ah coudn ansuh him an so Ah said ' Aw right , Ah gay-ess , an his fathuh didn uttuh one wohd an aftuh Huhmun was gone , the majuh laughed an tole me thet he an the bawh had been hevin an occasional drink t'gethuh f'ovuh a yeah , onleh an occasional one , but just the same it was behahn mah back , an Ah doan think thet's nahce at all , d'you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Hearst `` barrel '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Text reading continues with the next occurrence . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is why , the argument runs , the squares are so fearful of jazz and yet perversely fascinated by it . (Filtered Words: 0)
So instead I come up '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
its principal features should be a product of his most considered judgment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Hotel King [FILTERED] across the street provided almost twice as many problems . (Filtered Words: 1)
The unofficial Conference of Parliamentarians is available as a potential legislative authority . (Filtered Words: 0)
But you had them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , I have always been treated with the utmost courtesy by Englishmen , even in Devonshire and Cornwall , where anti-Catholic feeling has supposedly existed the strongest and longest . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was something of an understatement in a week when the underlying conflict between the West and Communism erupted on three fronts . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the first time in history , the U.S. has produced a society in which less than one-tenth of the people turn out so much food that the Government's most embarrassing problem is how to dispose inconspicuously of 100 million tons of surplus farm produce . (Filtered Words: 0)
But before this came about , 214,938 Americans had given their lives in battle for the two concepts of the sovereign rights of men and of states . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was a solitary student in New York and acquired , in his remoteness , a thorough if bookish knowledge of Asian lore , literature , life , politics and history . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Miss [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
being intellectually influenced by Newman and the general 19th-century literature of England , I knew only a Protestant-dominated country . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , there were solid musical virtues in the interpretation of the music . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spoke through the public address box built into the cabin , and his gigantic voice roared out over the empty plain , so that the pink herd of talking people stirred gently in their happiness and wondered what their friend B'dikkat might be wanting to tell them . (Filtered Words: 0)
From here on in , the less [FILTERED] and I were seen together in public , or visited one another's rooms , the better . (Filtered Words: 1)
To the west of this road was another low bluff , forty or fifty feet high , covered with scrub oak and other brush . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't try anything violent , Stormy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the makeshift airports were ready , the York State Guard flyers proved unable to keep any kind of mail schedule . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were , I felt , people invariably trying to prove not who , but what they were , and trying to determine what , not who , others were . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the marble busts in the park are of young Englishmen who fought and died for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
So I went to see `` La Dolce Vita '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A shock wave from Africa (Filtered Words: 0)
He waited a long time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh he's a second cousin or something . (Filtered Words: 0)
Incest is still a durable theme , but if it wants to get written about it will have to find ways to surprise the emotions , and there is no better way to do this than that of concealment and symbolic representation . (Filtered Words: 0)
She came out pink from a hot bath , and I gave her my robe . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , `` My dear , do you know what [FILTERED] is '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
This young slave was therefore quite unprepared when [FILTERED] signaled that she wanted him to draw near . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I will give Mr. [FILTERED] his due for this dive . (Filtered Words: 1)
Body-building foods (Filtered Words: 0)
She is the former [FILTERED] , daughter of [FILTERED] of this city . (Filtered Words: 2)
Her father's attention would be on the road ahead and it wouldn't deviate an inch until he crossed the bridge at the [FILTERED] and took the River Road to LaSalle and , finally , turned in at their own driveway at 387 Heather Heights . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was trying to grab the wheel , though the swerve of the truck was throwing him away from it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] will be honored on the evening of Dec. 7 at a dinner to be given by the Aurora Club at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is quite evident that the people of Western Europe are overwhelmingly opposed to participation in a nuclear war . (Filtered Words: 0)
All were carrying guns they had seized up , but they were half-clad or hardly clad at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
For each i , let Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The police car had pulled up behind a small sedan , its headlights still on . (Filtered Words: 0)
I cannot '' (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a fellow of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers , and a senior member of the Institute of Radio Engineers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Griffith said , `` That's impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mankind , as a result , attains previously undreamed of levels of civilization and culture , a golden age which the Overlords , a very evident symbol of science , have helped produce by introducing reason and the scientific method into human activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is drama enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was ready to jump but when [FILTERED] said she'd get the whisky it surprised him like it surprised me , and he ran down . (Filtered Words: 1)
Does making your own clothes or even doll clothes , interest you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It could , by avoiding direct intervention , provide a short-of-war strategy to meet short-of-war infiltration . (Filtered Words: 0)
She made a face at him and then she laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The principles used in making each arrow for Figures 3 and 4 were applied to the construction of Figures 5 and 6 as well as all figures in the Appendix . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
United Nations Day is the birthday of the United Nations , mankind's noblest attempt to establish lasting peace with justice ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington (Filtered Words: 0)
One Kohnstamm-positive subject who had both arms rise while being tested in the naive condition described her subjective experience as follows : `` You feel they're going up and you're on a stage and it's not right for them to do so and then you think maybe that's what's supposed to happen '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the force , in our time and in every other time , that urges the paranoiac and the manic-depressive to become head of a state . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is why the members of the beat generation proudly assume the title of the holy barbarians ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Living pictures of the early boroughs , country life in Tudor and Stuart times , the impact of the industrial revolution compete with sensitive surveys of language and literature , the common law , parliamentary development . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have already mentioned that Mr. [FILTERED] of Newburyport was the inventor of the arched bridges in this country . (Filtered Words: 1)
The selective and directional qualities of basic value-orientations are clearly evident in these data : the `` success-oriented '' students choose vocational preparation , the `` other-directed '' choose goals of social adjustment ( `` getting along with people '' ) , the `` intellectuals '' choose a liberal arts emphasis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , and as tension mounts in this world , fear is increasing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Canada doesn't have much of this here juvenile delinquency problem , but we keep a night policeman all the same on account of the crazy tourists '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actively modernizing societies (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The owner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Amid a shortage of profitable work , the memory of [FILTERED] $20,000 stood out in lonely grandeur -- the money had quickly melted away . (Filtered Words: 1)
You want me to drop my pot '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
it's to be a good person '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What we need is more vocational training in high schools , not more dropouts . (Filtered Words: 0)
By this time [FILTERED]'s entire chest-back-lat-shoulder area is pumped-up to almost bursting point , and [FILTERED] takes time to do a bit more pectoral-front deltoid shaping work . (Filtered Words: 2)
One simple method of measuring the expansion of the heart is to tie a thin rubber tube , filled with mercury , around the heart and record the change in resistance as the tube is stretched . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let me illustrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said now , `` I've got the perfect headquarters set up . (Filtered Words: 0)
And before you say it , [FILTERED] ain't near strong enough to have strangled Julia . (Filtered Words: 1)
Suddenly and not a second too soon I thought of the coins in my pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't worry , I can get plenty more '' , Eugenia said , wondering where in the world she could . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bed slats were washed in alum water , legs of beds were placed in cups of kerosene , and all woodwork was treated liberally with corrosive sublimate , applied with a feather . (Filtered Words: 0)
No Jew was on hand to boycott his financially struggling theater . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was lucky in lots of ways , no doubt about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
We need you to start it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is there any way out of the predicament ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Church finds news features are helpful (Filtered Words: 0)
There , to the Evening Post , she emphatically denied the divorce rumors and explained that she had stayed behind because of the schooling of their son , which henceforth would be strictly American . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently he believes Mr. [FILTERED] holds the key to the Democratic organization's acceptance of his choices for running mates without a struggle . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` In a way , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
My father's a policeman and makes less than seven thousand dollars a year . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was applied with a compost shredder made from a converted manure spreader . (Filtered Words: 0)
The problem is rather to find out what is actually happening , and this is especially difficult for the reason that `` we are busily being defended from a knowledge of the present , sometimes by the very agencies -- our educational system , our mass media , our statesmen -- on which we have had to rely most heavily for understanding of ourselves '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The data indicated that the organic load during the 6-hr. composites was essentially 50 per cent of the 24-hr. organic load . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the Af bond is linear then there are three reasonable positions for the hydrogen atoms : ( 1 ) The hydrogen atoms are centered and hence all lie on a sheet midway between the oxygen sheets ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Their work mirrors the mentality of the psychopath , rootless and irresponsible . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
But he didn't figure Ma for much . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor have we remembered that in the melting pot of America the hundreds of isolated and semi-isolated ethnic , regional and occupational groups did not fuse into a homogeneous national unit until long after education and industrialization had caused them to cast oral tradition aside as a means of carrying culturally significant material . (Filtered Words: 0)
It permits the state to take over bank accounts , stocks and other personal property of persons missing for seven years or more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Armed Forces Medical Publication Agency (Filtered Words: 0)
I know where the car is . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. [FILTERED]'s lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as [FILTERED] continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail . (Filtered Words: 2)
No previous antitrust case , he said , had involved interests of such magnitude or presented such complex problems of relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within exterior boundaries of National Forests and National Grasslands , there are about 40,000,000 acres in non-Federal ownership . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was relieved ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Reverse '' , Elaine said , then peered through the loop of the RDF and waved to Poet . (Filtered Words: 0)
His grandfather is a Buddhist priest ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What is beyond this fog ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us take a set of circumstances in which I happen to be interested on the legislative side and in which I think every one of us might naturally make such a statement . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You going to marry the King '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
While we , as American artists , believe deeply in the universal character of all intellectual activity , we would be less than honest with you , or ourselves , if we failed to state a specific attitude toward our own society as well as the international community as a whole . (Filtered Words: 0)
That summer [FILTERED] attended the summer session at Harvard , but he did not ask Mama to send him back in the fall . (Filtered Words: 1)
There are legitimate reasons for differences of opinion among the assessors as a whole and among the public officials in each town . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actively modernizing societies (Filtered Words: 0)
The bulk of his early reputation , however , came not from his poetry or his music , but from his excellence as an orator . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look at Pete Alcorn , who hadn't missed a Hanford ball game in fifteen years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gray Eyes remained erect . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a reviewer , [FILTERED] generally displayed a judicious attitude . (Filtered Words: 1)
The child's thin legs were plodding . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a college of propaganda (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus events occurred , and victims changed in appearance , and new ones arrived . (Filtered Words: 0)
and whether these would qualify them for `` congenial '' , `` happy '' relations to other people in certain community areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I ain't taking no goddamned chances for no Jew business '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Night after night he stayed with [FILTERED] in the dead of winter , rubbing her with quarts of expensive liniment , fussing over her bran mash as the cook did over charlotte russe , tracking manure on the pretty new carpet when he did come to the house . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the figure of [FILTERED] has obviously drawn on his studies of T. E. [FILTERED] ( though [FILTERED] fights on the side of the Turks instead of against them ) , and like both [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] himself he is a fervent admirer of Nietzsche . (Filtered Words: 4)
If [FILTERED] is correct , tragedy may have quite the opposite effect . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now reassemble the frame , using Af roundhead steel screws and nuts . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the Juniors were welcomed and congratulated for qualifying for the Finals of the Junior Class , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. was introduced as the first speaker . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Conseil even treated the serious matter of British aggression as its business and , on its own authority , sent to disaffected savages merchandise `` suitable for the peltry trade '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , of all that is his every man is by nature and reason and therefore by conscience obligated to regard himself as a custodian . (Filtered Words: 0)
I decided to see no more of the clerk until the processing of my papers was completed . (Filtered Words: 0)
And they can at least collect the money they put in , plus interest , when they leave the company . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sanitation in the confines of the family shelter will require much thought and planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
each is so typical that it represents a prominent trend in the poet's development . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I like to dance '' , she said , then turned and walked away . (Filtered Words: 0)
and whether these would qualify them for `` congenial '' , `` happy '' relations to other people in certain community areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
A biographer called him `` the premature John the Baptist of New England Transcendentalism '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an instrument is expected to be especially useful if it could be used to measure the elasticity of heavy pastes such as printing inks , paints , adhesives , molten plastics , and bread dough , for the elasticity is related to those various properties termed `` length '' , `` shortness '' , `` spinnability '' , etc. , which are usually judged by subjective methods at present . (Filtered Words: 0)
A growl , a nod , was usually enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
He lifted the skirt of Macklin's coat , took his gun from its holster , tossed it onto the desk . (Filtered Words: 0)
The change of emphasis from conventional-type to missile-type warfare must be made with care , mindful that the one type of warfare cannot be safely neglected in favor of the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED] has indicated his dissatisfaction with its performance . (Filtered Words: 1)
About five minutes later he jumped up , Slate said , and struck the two policemen again . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stepped on the gas . (Filtered Words: 1)
Simple systems are available that make it possible for urethane foam components to be poured , pumped , etc. , into a void where they foam up to fill the void . (Filtered Words: 0)
Victim of the accident was [FILTERED] , 39 . (Filtered Words: 1)
With such a program you can make constructive selections of the best sites available . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you assessed the importance of service and given it proper attention ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
eleven others were introduced . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pictures of the Midwest (Filtered Words: 0)
On Wednesday morning , November 2 , 1859 , the Providence Daily Journal stated that although [FILTERED] justly deserved the extreme penalty , no man , however criminal , ought to suffer the penalty without a fair trial . (Filtered Words: 1)
She is a regular stub and twister , double geered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both men knew it was in the [FILTERED] family holdings , but to which of the cousins did it belong , Anta or [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
The great spire shone as if the lightning had polished it . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Incidentally , no Mexican nationals were involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
What matters here is family loyalty ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A turnout may have two levers , one to actually move the switch points , the other to lock the points . (Filtered Words: 0)
and a very large , flat wash brush . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , yeah '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
They slid through the wicket in the big gate , ghosted across the dark ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
This resulted in a great number of errors . (Filtered Words: 0)
I told them some sweet lies and they believed it all . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hope the man who plans to sit on his hands until the emergency comes will have a change of heart , will get busy and be the first member of our `` plus-one '' shelter club . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stood there , a large old woman , smiling at the things she would say to him in the morning , this big foolish baby of a son . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why not have them travel the state in November debating ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The size of Saud's family was still being debated when the King appeared for his first meeting with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
While working out in Sylvania a swelling developed in the knee and he came here to consult the team physician . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like Lincoln , he can distinguish his relation to God from the constitutional responsibilities a questionable decision exacts of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Squaresville , man , and all the palazzos are crummy Palasts '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Using very high thrust-to-weight ratio engines , develop a vertical-takeoff-and-landing ( VTOL ) long-range military aircraft . (Filtered Words: 0)
My father went as a missionary to China in a generation that responded to Student Volunteer Movement speakers who held watches in their hands and announced to the students in their audiences how many Chinese souls were going to hell each second because these students were not over there saving them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or was it her own first ball as mistress of this big house , a Van Rensselaer bride from way upstate near Albany , from Rensselaerwyck . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the Chinese hostler , who rode with [FILTERED] on the box , would break open a hamper and produce filets of smoked bass or sturgeon , sandwiches , pickled eggs , and a rum sangaree to be heated over a spirit lamp . (Filtered Words: 1)
First intercourse for the bride brings with it the various problems connected with virginity and the hymen . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , in brief , was the historical background out of which Zen emerged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today the private detective will also investigate insurance claims or handle divorce cases , but his primary function remains what it has always been , to assist those who have money in their unending struggle with those who have not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Promoters always hastened to place their choice tickets in the hands of the wealthy speculators , and only the man who knew the man who knew the fellow who had an in with the guy at the box office ever came up with a good seat for a contest of any importance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Plus-one '' shelters (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a long way to Websterville '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The I. A. P. A. is a reflection of the problems and hopes of the hemisphere ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Strange how everything here fitted back into his life , even if he had been away so long . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sprinkel told conferees that the recent improvement in economic activity was not a `` temporary flash in the pan '' but the beginning of a substantial cyclical expansion that will carry the economy back to full employment levels and witness a renewal of our traditional growth pattern . (Filtered Words: 0)
They followed him into the rain and across to the squat stone building fifty feet to the rear . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I've got news for Krim : he's not typical , he's pretty special . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were aware that soldiers went to town , in more ways than one , because of the monotony of camp life , to find the only release available in the absence of movies , reading rooms , and playing fields with adequate athletic equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] hastened to [FILTERED]'s side . (Filtered Words: 2)
The idea seems to threaten profound , barely conscious assumptions . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are certain tax attributes of a corporation whose nature and effect might depend on the facts of the particular reorganization involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It makes sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
The department has just finished treating 20,000 acres in urban areas of Macon . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked if there was anything he could do . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Funny thing '' , Mr. [FILTERED] said , when they were seated , `` when I heard you ringing , I figured it was that guy down the block , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was a fair fight , the boy provoked it -- Big Charlie told me so . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think that my grandmother was not an impassioned gardener : she was too indulgent a lover of dogs and grandchildren . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not difficult to see that the stamens of the catkin are always arranged in pairs , and that each individual flower is nothing but one such pair standing on a green , black-tipped little scale . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was used also for bruises . (Filtered Words: 0)
The features of his face are distinct , but not fine . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Metrecal is a pretty complete food '' , he says . (Filtered Words: 0)
The revolution in jazz that took place around 1949 , the evolution from the `` bebop '' school of [FILTERED] to the `` cool '' sound of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and the whole legend of [FILTERED] , had made an impression on many academic and literary men . (Filtered Words: 5)
In the second , more shops , laboratories , and staff will be required . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to achieve this objective is a problem , but we are not divided on what we want . (Filtered Words: 0)
She refused to have a doctor , insisting there was nothing a doctor could do for her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Starting with small stations not members of the National Association of Broadcasters , the firm apparently is seeking to break down the anti-liquor barriers in major-market stations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The actual over-all cost , for the first month , will perhaps not be too much lower than the rental charges for the same period of time , but you will receive a new car . (Filtered Words: 0)
In thousands of school districts , indeed , in the entire State of Mississippi , no plaintiff has come forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The street was unpaved and rose steeply toward the center ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The joints are also reinforced on each side with small blocks set in resin-saturated [FILTERED] cloth and nailed . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I never saw him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional restrictions regarding the use of continuation cards with macro-instructions appear on page 106 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They hope that if history vouchsafes the West another Budapest , we will receive the opportunity gladly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since American life is committed above all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life , the countervailing forces of residential and religious exclusiveness have fought a desperate , rearguard action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not move . (Filtered Words: 0)
Esther looked at me . (Filtered Words: 0)
To secure precise measurements of these frequencies , a research program in free radical microwave spectroscopy has been started . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now you just take it easy , and I'll make you some tea '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
This can be accomplished substantially by a continued trend toward better facilities and techniques for fire control and more resources to cope with critical fire periods , and a more intensive application of a program of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The necessary inference , as the authors themselves interpret it , would seem to be this : `` ( ( 1 ) Spatial qualities are not among those grasped by the sense of touch , as such . (Filtered Words: 0)
The attackers sent for more soldiers , and the defenders , to save bloodshed , surrendered under the promise that they would be treated as neighbors . (Filtered Words: 0)
That always relaxes me . (Filtered Words: 0)
They poured through the opening in the valley , then spread out in a long line to come at us , brandishing their lances and filling the morning with their spine-chilling scalp cry . (Filtered Words: 0)
No discrepancies or shortages had ever been found . (Filtered Words: 0)
Astonishingly enough , it was my own voice I heard there in the darkness , begging this man to make love to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fourth time in harness he walked off like a gentleman . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the beginning of the play she has partial illumination and at the end she has complete illumination , but there has been no question but that she moves toward the dark . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some denominations ask new members to sign personally the chronological membership register . (Filtered Words: 0)
As artists , they were very similar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nine new teaching Clinico-pathologic Conference sets were prepared , which makes a total of 70 types of teaching sets for loan . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't figure her at all , and if he found out a woman it'd be bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Cromwell , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rain dripped on the freezing loblolly of the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
In both respects , international law was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Your local civil defense will gather its own information and will receive broad information from State and Federal sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing could make it necessary to proclaim it to the whole world '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Preparation for membership (Filtered Words: 0)
A man has 32 souls , one for each part of the body . (Filtered Words: 0)
It ran , this apocalyptic beast , on two thin legs , and its wings -- were they feathered arms ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Skipjack was a second generation atomic sub , much advanced on the Nautilus and the other four which preceded it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , on complex projects , design work must be completed and orders for machinery and equipment placed months or even years before construction can commence . (Filtered Words: 0)
So that had been his difficulty . (Filtered Words: 0)
And now there was some question as to his continued residence there . (Filtered Words: 0)
I drove the tractor on , not looking down there ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
At the heart of all of this was the square , which one such traveler declared to be `` as spacious , as pleasant and aromatick a Market as any in the Universe '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington , Aug. 4 (Filtered Words: 0)
Before he could snap it on , a stinging blow caught him in the ribs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Small business management (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Same . (Filtered Words: 0)
In some parts of the country , however , a co-operative movement has begun to grow , under the wing of state governments , whereby , with the financial help of the state , libraries share their book resources on a county-wide or regional basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
they sweated out some kind of formal education ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm always trying to find a breaking table in blackjack . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pattern for circular base piece B is diameter of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
symphony orchestras , opera and ballet companies ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Alfred nodded a little nod and went out through the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
During this period , 7,827 teaching sets were distributed on loan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elements used in combination will increase the over-all capability more than the sum of the capabilities of the individual elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides the well-known hydrogen line at 21 cm wavelength , the spectra of extraterrestrial radio sources may contain sharp lines characteristic of other atoms , ions , and small molecules . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does this suggest that the Congo is fit for nationhood or that UN is making any progress whatever toward its goal of so making it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course they learned in time that they not only could use whole-wheat bread , but the children liked it better . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cover ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Something would come into her heart if nothing else the sounds of [FILTERED] would give her some healing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Confederate Constitution , 1861 (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where'd you expect , the john ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Rev had known all along . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said : `` I got my release '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was smooth and civil spoken but it seemed to me there was something tough under his selfeffacing manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s type of man allowed this sort of thing to happen . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , formerly of Drexel Hill , and now of Newtown Square , are entertaining Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , of Temple , Pa. . (Filtered Words: 2)
Sweating so much ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Six hundred and forty acres , the old man back in St. Louis had said ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
On most drill presses , it is impossible to get the exact speed , but you can come close by adjusting the drive belt on the step-cone pulleys . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of these were obviously filling from interlobular branches of the bronchial arteries while others were filling from direct hilar branches following along the pleural surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Carbondale Industrial Development Corp. has obtained a $500,000 loan to help defray the cost of remodeling a city-owned factory to accommodate production that will provide 500 new jobs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is forgiveness of past sins , assurance of present help , and hope of future bliss in your orbit ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And knowing its humble place in the scale of things , why did he , at this time of life , seem almost ready to sell his soul for plumpness ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't very funny . (Filtered Words: 0)
And countless others like them have died . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a publishing and public relations center , but these very facts prevent it from being a literary center because writers dislike provincialism and untruth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The kitchen was jammed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He jumped to his feet and started to throw punches . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were both breathing heavily , out cold , and Shayne didn't think either of them had recognized him or could describe him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gaining outer space and losing `` inner '' space is bad business according to God's standards . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s big day revived the running argument about the relative merits of Mays and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] said , `` Please '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Pomham and [FILTERED] , a couple of minor sachems ( of something less than exalted character ) under Miantonomi , declared that they had never assented to the sale of land to [FILTERED] and had never received anything for it . (Filtered Words: 2)
Sturley's allusion probably explains why [FILTERED] took out the patent in the names of Best and [FILTERED] , for Sir [FILTERED] described Best as `` a scrivener within Temple Bar , that deals in many matters for my L. Essex '' through Sir [FILTERED] , especially in `` causes that he would not be known of '' . (Filtered Words: 4)
They could be sent to U.S. ports for rulings whether cargo should be confiscated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American-Negro Suite is in a sense an extension of the Cotton Club songs in that it is a collection of Negro songs , not for a night club , but for the concert stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
' Kalamazoo guitars ' , he said , ' used by radio hillbilly singers . (Filtered Words: 0)
To have refused would have been political suicide . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] nudged it with his toe , following Ekstrohm's example . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , the league commissioner , pointed out : (Filtered Words: 1)
Looked at everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we don't think she creates them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The luminosity of the water is now believed to have been caused by the stimulation of vast numbers of the luminescent organism Noctiluca miliaris by the turbulence of the sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Mr. [FILTERED] is a remarkably gifted conductor , and the results he has produced with his boys are generally superior . (Filtered Words: 1)
Technique pure and simple , rendition , is not of major importance , but it is interesting that Parker , following [FILTERED] , was one of the leaders of the so-called saxophone revolution . (Filtered Words: 1)
Shearing , himself , seemed to me to be playing better piano than in his recent Newport appearances . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 ) Every age rewrites the events of its history in terms of what should have been , creating legends about itself that rationalize contemporary beliefs and excuse contemporary actions . (Filtered Words: 0)
In her mind she followed the white [FILTERED] along the road somewhere between here and the Niagara River . (Filtered Words: 1)
When the mast was raised , [FILTERED] gave the order for [FILTERED] and Cromwell to be placed under arrest , and now three figures in irons sprawled upon the open deck and terror stalked the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` What's he doing there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He braced himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing is more revealing of the way of life and literary aspirations of this group than their attitude toward sex . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are some passages in the writings of Irenaeus where the image of God and the similitude are sharply distinguished , so most notably in the statement : `` If the ( Holy ) Spirit is absent from the soul , such a man is indeed of an animal nature ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Ripe Geometric potters continued to employ the old syntax of ornaments and shapes and made use of the well-defined though limited range of motifs which they had inherited . (Filtered Words: 0)
A very casual , pleasant program -- one of those easy-going things that make Newport's afternoon programs such a relaxing delight -- was held again under sunny skies , hot sun , and a fresh breeze for an audience of at least a couple of thousands who came to Newport to hear music rather than go to the beach . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a step toward overt socialism . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` According to Rose , he arrived here a couple minutes before nine and spotted Thor in the water , got a hooked pole from the pool-equipment locker and started hauling him out . (Filtered Words: 0)
As construction progresses , the volume of storm drainage will be sharply reduced . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` To Be Left Behind '' was printed at the top in Miss [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
An idea , of the sort that we have in mind , although of necessity readily available to imagination , is more general in connotation than most poetic or literary images , especially those appearing in lyric poems that seek to capture a moment of personal experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when former Gov. [FILTERED] and Lt. Gov. [FILTERED] accepted the invitations of the Georgia State Chamber of Commerce to join the tour next November , the situation was aggravated . (Filtered Words: 2)
Unlike cities and towns , however , they do not have to submit any financial statements to the state Bureau of Audits . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Independence Day celebration will be properly observed with a big military and civic parade from West Warwick to [FILTERED] in [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Each of these fine groups gives free boating classes in seamanship piloting and small boat handling . (Filtered Words: 0)
These members would then unthaw the rest of the personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Probably '' , said Henrietta dryly . (Filtered Words: 0)
in the case of a partnership or corporation , the existence of which has been terminated and on behalf of which an award is made , payment shall be made , except as provided in paragraphs ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) , to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The other has his pool far away from the house in a field high on a hill . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be a bad place to die . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four pieces are used . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also you can spell , without consulting a dictionary for every other word . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may want to include your own regular vacation period if you have one . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fixed window panels with louvers should have a good grade of 1/8-inch double-strength glass set in a mastic glazing compound . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ch. 11 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was in charge of the Hockaday School meals from 1946 to 1950 , before he moved to Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
The matter of sympathy of the academic professors for art objectives also must be taken into account . (Filtered Words: 0)
What matter the others so long as I have my place in history '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now don't shut this door . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] could not furnish a strong explanation , the governor insisted that he lower his prices in accord with the scale printed in The Advocate . (Filtered Words: 1)
he may take slips of paper from a grab bag . (Filtered Words: 0)
The half-breed didn't answer this time . (Filtered Words: 0)
You're a reporter , and you're looking for Miss Perrin to interview her . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
A quarter to seven . (Filtered Words: 0)
Various factors in the setting can still be of great advantage in making the first intercourse a good rather than a bad memory for one or both . (Filtered Words: 0)
Representatives of Harvard University Press , which is publishing the book this month of April , recognize and freely acknowledge that they invited such reaction by allowing Life magazine to print an excerpt from the book in advance of the book's publication date . (Filtered Words: 0)
Regulars drive out their own cars '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the President is meeting the Soviet leader at a time when the Administration has still not decided on the scope of America's firm foreign policy commitments . (Filtered Words: 0)
On that cold , but bright , April day we were guests of your government in the reviewing stand of Red Square to witness the poeple's celebration for [FILTERED] and later on that day we attended the somewhat more exclusive reception for him in one of the impressive palaces of the Kremlin . (Filtered Words: 1)
A couple of the males made good comedy , too -- [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
In January , 1731 , the company asked the crown to relieve it of the government of the colony . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inorganic structures are found in Chapters 2 - 12 , organic structures in Chapters 13 - 15 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who measures ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The monitoring is the highest and most restrictive of any organization in existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said to the saleslady , `` I want a dress to put on around the house '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The show has been to Boston and Manhattan , will in time reach Pittsburgh and Minneapolis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dow Jones industrial average advanced 7.19 to 687.87 . (Filtered Words: 0)
His statistical record that year , when Texas won only one game and lost nine , was far from impressive : he carried the ball three times for a net gain of 10 yards , punted once for 39 yards and caught one pass for 13 yards . (Filtered Words: 0)
and administrative practices which will make possible the more effective review and implementation of programs once established . (Filtered Words: 0)
His aptitudes and preferences could be given more weight in selecting the proper training . (Filtered Words: 0)
This refugee was a middle-aged man , a big , handsome man with a strut to his walk as I have never before seen . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same metaphors of swift ascent and calamitous decline apply to Oedipus and Macbeth because they applied also to Alcibiades and Essex . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was coming to her senses enough to realize that you don't go traipsing off anywhere at two in the morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
and an administrative organization to take the routine load away from department managers and project engineers as much as possible , thus allowing them more time for strictly technical work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was `` Duty '' he said that his parents had given him as a rule -- beyond even the love that suffused his being and the sense of humor with which he was largely supplied -- and it was duty he would perform , though it cost him acute pain and exhausted him by the age of fifty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only the strong look squarely at weakness . (Filtered Words: 0)
We cannot now speak of maximizing the value of the objective function , since this function is now known only in a probabilistic sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , what is their evidence that the tactual apparatus was fundamentally undamaged ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Skip '' Hovarter back in town from a summer in the Reno-Lake Tahoe area where he ran into [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , the Marskmen and Tune Toppers -- all pulling good biz , he says . (Filtered Words: 2)
Now , a close look at the schools in and around the ten largest cities , including New York , has shattered this optimism . (Filtered Words: 0)
As far as I am concerned there is continuous piling up of evidence that the creative fresh ideas which are needed in the world are going to be found by educated women unafraid to break traditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
These strengths are considered adequate to meet the essential roles and missions of the reserves in support of our national security objectives . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a conversation with another man , he was able to recount practically everything that had been said but could not describe at all what the other man looked like . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spit . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I have been at some pains to review it as the drama of the common man , to point up what happened to him under [FILTERED]'s leadership . (Filtered Words: 1)
But , like Caesar , he has only one joke , so far as I can find out . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was outraged by the book and announced that he had discovered fifty technical errors in its account of church practices . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unwholesome family relations , broken homes , and undesirable community influences may also be contributing factors . (Filtered Words: 0)
I find this view amazing . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe there are seventeen short plays by [FILTERED] now housed in the Houghton Library at Harvard ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
She would work out a method , by-passing her limitations , whereby she could sing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The budget of the church may be presented and pledges solicited at this session . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm supposed to care as much now as then , as much here as there , she realized , with a sigh . (Filtered Words: 0)
There have been many extremely competent men who have been converted into very incompetent managers or submerged in paper work , to their own and the public's dissatisfaction and loss . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their first two years in high school , Jewish boys in this town make strenuous exertions to win positions on the school teams . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll talk to him , all right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reaction of chlorine with carbon tetrachloride seemed particularly suited for such studies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The incubation period of infectious disease , plus a variable period of illness even before a lethal effect , render this weapon unsuitable for hand-to-hand encounter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Methyl polysiloxanes . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one asks questions about the free union of the sexes in West Venice so long as the partners share the negative attitudes of the group . (Filtered Words: 0)
Handguns , '61 (Filtered Words: 0)
No dates or hand-holding . (Filtered Words: 0)
Southern resentment has been over the method of its ending , the invasion , and Reconstruction ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The compounds are divided according to composition into seven categories . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , my principal objection in this sort of novel is to the hackneyed treatment of race-drivers , pilots , submariners , atomic researchers , and all the machine-masters of our age as brooding mystics or hysterical fatalists . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've had enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Walker said he was considering filing a motion for a new trial which would contend that the verdict was against the weight of the evidence and that there were several errors in trial procedure . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1879 the same [FILTERED] , with [FILTERED] , formed the `` American Telegraph Line '' , extending from Manchester Depot via Factory Point and South Dorset to Dorset . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` You are young , intelligent , have a whole lifetime before you to make something worth while of yourself , but you mess it up with whiskey , indifference , self-destructive attitudes . (Filtered Words: 0)
But that had been a time before all this , a time he didn't think about . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , you can submit a requisition for a miracle if you want to make a fool of yourself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The shapes of the men ahead of him lacked solidity , as if the whip had stripped them of their very flesh . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't question , Rev had said , don't invite danger . (Filtered Words: 0)
This set his tone : richness of texture and color , and another kind of richness as well , for his clothing and decorations would have paid the Brush-off's rent for a year . (Filtered Words: 0)
The data for boy 34 appear in Figure 3 , and for girl 2 in Figure 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet nobody will question the necessity of all this and any reputable interior designer does know all this and does practice it . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's what I mean by no heart for the game . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of his genius , of course , sprang from his familiarity with clock movements . (Filtered Words: 0)
The males are much duller . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the evidence that he does , indeed , stand there derives quite simply from the vigorous interest with which rather casual readers have responded to that book for the past century or so . (Filtered Words: 0)
A new project planned is the use of Bio-Dynamic Starter . (Filtered Words: 0)
An understanding of the new role of residential association in an industrial society serves to illuminate the forces which have fashioned the iron cage of conformity which imprisons the churches in their suburban captivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had no slicker . (Filtered Words: 1)
Caught at last , he was sentenced to prison . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wagons and the coach were beyond saving and so were the buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Make your confession to God , Kizzie dear , not to the congregation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You hold down the fort , Nogol . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's something there , all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recent research on Irenaeus , however , makes it evident that he does not consistently maintain this distinction . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Also , that Mr. [FILTERED] was here . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Prince took her with him on every tour around the area , and it was rumored he was utilizing her knowledge of Constantinople as part of his espionage network . (Filtered Words: 0)
The planners in Taiwan struck me as realistic men . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're boiling milk , ain't you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A cursory survey of available material indicates a high rate of illegitimate births occurring to parents who have a close consanguineous relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
From June , 1942 , until December , 1945 , Pfaff served in the Army Air Corps . (Filtered Words: 0)
In doing so science has unquestionably cleared up widespread misconceptions , removed extraneous and illusory sources of fear , and dispelled many undesirable popular superstitions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Commerce Department said seasonally adjusted sales of retail stores dropped to slightly under $18 billion in April , down 1% from the March level of more than $18.2 billion . (Filtered Words: 0)
You could also say that in these pamphlets is a relieving quality of maturity . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seemed like a good time for officials to use a recently-passed law empowering the post office department to contract for the transport of first class mail by air . (Filtered Words: 0)
The aimless milling about of what had been a well-trained , well-organized crew struck [FILTERED] with horror . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the temperature is controlled properly , the avocado will delay its ripening until needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sound mockery of sheep is like the salubrious horse laugh '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had an alley cat's manners . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wanted to make a more equitable distribution of it among the groups that would benefit the most ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hey , this is pretty close to a wart-hog '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides that , I'm acquainted more or less with the defense hardware situation through my contacts in the Air Force . (Filtered Words: 0)
First one , then the other (Filtered Words: 0)
He should have stayed here and watched [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
You read various guesses on how many Americans are camping . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout the year there are social events , such as picnics , breakfast hikes , canoe trips , banquets , and indoor parties . (Filtered Words: 0)
hear that [FILTERED] flies up to St. John's Newfoundland , next Sunday to attend the government's special ceremonies at Memorial University honoring distinguished sons and daughters of the island province . (Filtered Words: 1)
But I've got news for Krim : he's not typical , he's pretty special . (Filtered Words: 0)
The royalty applies to both principal and interest , but it never exceeds 5 percent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Never mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , it's important to the way a painter thinks that he should move in a certain atmosphere , an atmosphere in which he may absorb the ideas of other masters , as Durer went to Italy to meet Bellini and [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now Abel turned his head to look at his brother . (Filtered Words: 0)
See you around , Mister [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the testing room , three of the veteran salesmen served as antagonists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it necessary to add to the other tensions the hazard of making the loving husband the one who brought pain to his bride ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
An Alabama soldier whose feminine associations were of the more admirable type wrote boastfully of his achievements among the Virginia belles : `` they thout I was a saint . (Filtered Words: 0)
With sudden energy , she went to the phone and rang [FILTERED]'s office and asked for him . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Perhaps you should get out a little '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Royal Motel in Shamrock was the only one that offered the comfort and security of a storm cellar . (Filtered Words: 0)
But by week's end the Laotian cry of invasion was read as an exaggeration ( see foreign news ) , and the U.S. was agreeing with its cautious British and French allies that a neutralist -- rather than a pro-Western -- government might be best for Laos . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similar restrictions on the strength of the Army National Guard contained in the 1960 Department of Defense Appropriation Act should likewise be dropped . (Filtered Words: 0)
As early as 1900 a Wall Street combination acquired detail patents with the intention of exacting heavy tribute from automobile manufacturers . (Filtered Words: 0)
We would be crippled by reduced output , industrial decline , widespread unemployment '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men of your company would not allow your name dishonored . (Filtered Words: 0)
The robe , however , was missing , for by that time Barco had disposed of it at a pawnshop in Glendale . (Filtered Words: 0)
That which is born of the flesh is flesh ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Why do the police find Holmes `` unorthodox '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of our aid will go to those nearing self-sufficiency (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional information supplied to us discloses that the railroad gained a stabilized supply of telegraphers of which it was in need . (Filtered Words: 0)
Felix took us into his studio . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trucks today help pay for this highway . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was given the nickname [FILTERED] , and he ran [FILTERED] a close race in home runs . (Filtered Words: 3)
One of those parts is that of evil , evil [FILTERED] , the spy . (Filtered Words: 1)
The two were separated from each other by the Six Bagatelles of Op. 126 . (Filtered Words: 0)
All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of these were obviously filling from interlobular branches of the bronchial arteries while others were filling from direct hilar branches following along the pleural surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Your personal guard ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
While they were told that there were some normal people who reacted differently than they had , they were also informed that there were other normals who reacted as they had . (Filtered Words: 0)
At a siding , another train which was a familiar sight these days . (Filtered Words: 0)
childishness compared to her grown-up understanding that life was a punishment for as yet undisclosed sins . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and unkempt as Red McIver was , he was much the better painter . (Filtered Words: 1)
His interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's its name ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This notion of the General Will gave rise to the Commune of Paris in the Revolution and later brought Napoleon to dictatorship . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this connection , it might be noted that the theory of games was a mathematical discovery long before its uses in political science were exploited . (Filtered Words: 0)
and they did some somersaults . (Filtered Words: 0)
The One [FILTERED] is a split and all lifters practice this in their regular workouts . (Filtered Words: 1)
also he is a drunk , and has lost his job on that account . (Filtered Words: 0)
Catholics , Protestants and Jews are in agreement over the objectives of family planning , but disagree over the methods to be used . (Filtered Words: 0)
She found herself able to sing any role and any song which struck her fancy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The years , if they were years , went by . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any instance , you should determine the exposure according to the type of light which falls on most of the subject area . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirty-five of the 36 carbon atoms arise from Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
In my sights I watched him looming bigger and bigger . (Filtered Words: 0)
You don't need concentration . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the diversity of religious viewpoints , there are differences of opinion as to the essential features of religion ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What about you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She went on : (Filtered Words: 0)
Lacking the respected and effective institutions that consensus helps provide , minority parties , such as the P.D.I. in 1957 and the progressive Istiqlal faction in 1958 , clamor for elections when out of power , but are not at all certain they wish to be controlled by popular choice when in power . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much to [FILTERED] amazement , as well as my own , I got along splendidly with the [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He pontificates that `` one of the first signs of advancing civilization is the fall in the value of women in men's eyes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Improved farming methods (Filtered Words: 0)
and the dependent wife seldom questioned his judgment about anything , including the marriage bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Britain , obviously , the archaeological and place-name characteristics of the [FILTERED] Shore region are bound to be [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
We'll work hard , Mr. [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was heard again in Philadelphia in 1927 in the first version of `` Strike Up The Band '' and again abandoned shortly before the entire show was given up . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
If A-Z could buy Ticonderoga cheaply and use their presses and dies and other equipment , if [FILTERED] could hit precisely the right promotion note , if the money hurdle was not insurmountable . (Filtered Words: 1)
Two features are immediately evident . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are obvious reasons of convenience for this practice of excluding `` cost of capital '' from the direct apportionment of annual costs among the different classes of service -- notably , the avoidance of the controversial question what rate of return should be held to constitute `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
In June , the Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce -- in conjunction with local trade associations , chambers of commerce , and bank officials -- sponsored a World Trade Conference at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
It latches when you close it , so stay as long as you like '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also asked Congress to approve establishment of a national child health institute . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should the government directly provide education for the children who want public education ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Willis laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , like Beth March , suffered ill health -- got rheumatic fever and had to be careful of her heart -- but that never dampened her spirits . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rank after rank of them came down the road , and the faces were all the same , and they walked in a sea of dust . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , creator of sophisticated casuals for women and [FILTERED] , designer of Christian Dior shoes Paris , France , whose squared toes and lowered heels have revolutionized the shoe industry . (Filtered Words: 2)
Dulles ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He improvised as he went along , completing a life-size clay figure , then bought yards of an inexpensive material from a draper , wet the lightweight cloth in a basin and covered it over with clay that Argiento brought from the bank of the Tiber , to the consistency of thick mud . (Filtered Words: 0)
The builtin headache of the [FILTERED] regime thus far has been the steady stream of job-seekers and others who feel they were given commitments by [FILTERED] at some stage of his eight-year quest for the governor's office . (Filtered Words: 2)
He'll choke '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why on earth did I send him off to work ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] insisted that cavalry could not successfully break up hostile railways , yet Garrard's Covington raid and Rousseau's Opelika raid cut two-thirds of the rail lines he had to break and [FILTERED] lived in mortal fear of what [FILTERED] might do to his communications . (Filtered Words: 2)
Many years have passed since a Metropolitan audience heard anything comparable . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was unwilling to rely on Griffith's carrying his message , and he had no confidence the police would act on it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Madden settled back to read the will . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact that [FILTERED] was an extrovert , concerned primarily with what he saw , adds greatly to the value of his art as a human chronicle . (Filtered Words: 1)
During fiscal year 1960 , seven courses were conducted : Application of Histochemistry to Pathology , Forensic Pathology , Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals , Pathology of the Oral Regions , Ophthalmic Pathology , Forensic Sciences Symposium , and Orthopedic Pathology . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You take it easy , boy '' , [FILTERED] whispered . (Filtered Words: 1)
It can also contribute to the education of America and to more intelligent American participation in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the succession is a matter of public record , certificates of the Secretaries of State or other public officials having custody of the documents will suffice ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
No other visitor inquired for her that evening . (Filtered Words: 0)
tension presser -- consisting of a padded ironing board from which extend clamping members on all four sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was filled with knowledge of the Bible and the Talmud . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mouse deer played around the feet of the elephants , or fled when the mighty legs thrashed too close . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cars are traded mostly on a three-year basis in the interest of economy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not merely a new thing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
for it is written , You shall be holy , because I am holy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may have been true for all I know , because his glasses were like the bottoms of milk bottles , but it didn't prevent the paintings from being exciting . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hate that . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she'd known plenty of handsomer guys , and , conceding his good looks , what was there left ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know what you heard that would make you think so , but I assure you I don't even know myself , so how can you be so sure ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The modern Negro has not made a decisive debut into Southern fiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , there are a number of individual-contributor positions in both operating departments and in the company-wide `` services '' operation that are filled by men with successful managerial experience who are currently broadening their capabilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
He jumped . (Filtered Words: 0)
forecasting economic activity is a hazardous undertaking even for the specialist . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the murderer to whom he clung had a tremendous advantage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her hand tightened on the receiver . (Filtered Words: 0)
Continuity exits , but like the neo-swing music developed from [FILTERED] , it is a continuity sustained by popular demand . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the UN troops are not mercenaries then the Hessians were not mercenaries either . (Filtered Words: 0)
and a store was broken into and robbed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few yards farther , on the Via Dei Bergamaschi , is the Piazza Colonna . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boa constrictor : (Filtered Words: 0)
We can let them move in with us '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
The enormity of what Conrad had told him made it impossible for Gilborn to accept , with any degree of realism , the actuality of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Tanner wisecracked . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , `` Forgive and forget if you can ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Their work was lonely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mary was as frozen below the navel as he . (Filtered Words: 0)
girls , who are more mature than boys , frown upon the youthful antics of boys of their own age . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have made limited application of the ' parallel ladder ' plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nate ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I can testify that motels , service and comfort stations ( they go together like [FILTERED] and heather ) , dog wagons , roadside restaurants , souvenir stands and snake farms are braced and waiting . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now that's just fine ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
seeing an aborigine today is a difficult thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
She envied him . (Filtered Words: 0)
To him they were one and the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
The family home was , in fact , a temple ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then there are a pair of old biddies played by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] who may be right off the shelf of stock Irish characters , but they put such a combination of good will and malevolence into their parts that they're quite entertaining . (Filtered Words: 2)
The value of Af estimated at 470 gauss was Af microseconds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check the quantity and quality of all of the recreation interests already existing at the site . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even a hasty reader will easily find in it numerous blind spots , errors of fact and argument , important exclusions , areas of ignorance and prejudice , undue emphases on trivia , examples of broad positions supported by flimsy evidence , and the like . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purchase of state-owned vehicles is handled in the same manner as all other purchases of the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this organization , about half of the engineers with 15 or more years of employment are in supervision , engineering or elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actual mileage allowances are itemized reimbursements allowed employees for the use of personally-owned vehicles on state business at the rate of $.07 per mile . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Coolidges did not always live at the White House during the Presidency . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a wedge-shaped coating of increasing thickness is removed from a substrate by an instrument like the Hesiometer with a knife of constant rake angle , a number of removal mechanisms are often observed which depend upon the thickness of the coating . (Filtered Words: 0)
She sprang up and went swiftly to the bedroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You have visited England five times in the past quarter-century , I believe '' , my host said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then ( A ) Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The man was King Leopold 2 , of the Belgians , who in 1885 concluded that he had better grab a colony while the grabbing was still good . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had forgotten that she was so pretty . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We're going after ice '' , Howard said , `` and thought maybe you'd go along and keep us company '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
An important criterion of maturity is creativity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually the Atlanta campaign was a military failure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Get in '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can't run . (Filtered Words: 0)
Photographing in the Northeast (Filtered Words: 0)
Or should we argue that if we want adjustment of children to children of different races and that that is impossible in an all-something-or-the-other school , we must at least provide him some opportunity to adjust to people of another race within the school -- namely , to a teacher of another race . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
I made plans for the afternoon -- doing the breakfast and luncheon dishes all at once , making the beds , and then maybe painting the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
The figure was so theatrically dressed , that it was as though a character from some other play had blundered into this one . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She ran from a little group of us . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jess didn't seem too sure himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the `` history of furniture '' can hardly be taught exclusively from photographs and lantern slides . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he warmed up after a while . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The fact remains he was treasurer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interfaith conflicts which spring from psychological deficiencies are the most unfortunate of all , for they have no redeeming features whatsoever . (Filtered Words: 0)
It can be seen too that when we contrast levels of compulsivity within the structured schools , the high compulsive children do better ( Af ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The introduction of one-shot polyether foam systems , aided by the development of new catalysts , helped to alleviate some of the problems of closed molding . (Filtered Words: 0)
Saliva gathered in the mouth after a night's sleep was considered poisonous ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Response to the program has been so encouraging , [FILTERED] said , that a city-wide youth school at Dade County Auditorium may be set up soon . (Filtered Words: 1)
Shirl Winter said , `` I'll stay on the phone , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
organization : (Filtered Words: 0)
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering -- ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
But , in the end , we did . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cubism , in its 1911-1912 phase ( which the French , with justice , call `` hermetic '' ) was on the verge of abstract art . (Filtered Words: 0)
In essence this involves grounding one's thought and emotion in the values and experience of others , rather than in one's own values and experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strikes threatening the security of the proprietorship , if internally motivated , prevent a healthy relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nearby is the temple of Athena . (Filtered Words: 0)
What made these new location figures particularly impressive was the fact that although 1960 was a year of mild business recession throughout the nation , Rhode Island scored marked progress in new industry , new plants , and new jobs . (Filtered Words: 0)
We spend millions of dollars every year on fortune tellers and soothsayers . (Filtered Words: 0)
This day was `` Open House for Parents '' day , and the girls were busy preparing exhibits and arranging tea tables . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when they sell it to television in a couple of years , it can be shown without editing . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this test a Af tape was pulled between the blocks with a motor and pulley at a rate of Af with a clearance of 0.002'' '' on each side of the tape . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So you know something of the classics , do you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Presently , the 742C is available in Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two women , who had been chattering like parrots , were struck dumb . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reaching the porch rail beyond view of the bar windows , he feverishly scanned the busy street below . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a composer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The shorts would not be on the floor when he came home that evening . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- I bought 50 shares of Diversified Growth Stock Fund on Oct. 23 , 1959 , and 50 more shares of the same mutual fund on Feb. 8 , 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get much mileage '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This meant sorting out press clippings and the like . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] looked up . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I put Arger on the payroll because he promised to get my firm the stevedore account at Navy pier '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Buffeted by swirling winds , the little green biplane struggled northward between the mountains beyond Northfield Gulf . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the messages from Himmler , Heydrich , and [FILTERED] came in through [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]'s fountainhead spouted . (Filtered Words: 3)
[FILTERED] fixed us each another drink , and said , `` For God's sake , tell me something truly amusing '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
As of Sunday night , there was no word of a resolution being offered there to rescind the action . (Filtered Words: 0)
Endeavor to get the notches as much alike as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is still heir to the rare gifts of space and silence , if he chooses to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
She didn't say you were puny . (Filtered Words: 0)
I did so because I agree with so many here today , that he is the beloved Speaker of all the people of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the birth of the Turkish Republic after the First World War , St. Sophia became a museum , and the ancient mosaics , which were plastered over by the Moslems , whose religion forbids pictures in holy places , have been restored . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the last session of the General Assembly , the town was authorized to adopt such an ordinance as a means of making enforcement of minor offenses more effective . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since it is a purely professional situation , none of the pain is associated with love-making or the beloved . (Filtered Words: 0)
The single union which faces the industry does not restrict its membership , and there is an adequate supply of labor available to the firms of the industry at the going wage rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never rebuilt , the bridge was strengtened in 1938 by two extra piers , a concrete floor , and a walk-way along the upper side in order to care for modern traffic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the hillside above was caged what might have been an incarnation of Fudo , or perhaps a demon . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he makes many interesting comments . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's happened ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is that so '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is like medical schools in India where , in that fairy-land of religious inhibition , the dissection of dead bodies is frowned upon . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a fair fight , the boy provoked it -- Big Charlie told me so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part of it was being so tired -- I'd not only had my usual full day yesterday , but a dinner meeting as well , that kept me up late . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you're really serious about working on that story , I'd better take you home '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As [FILTERED] explains , `` Here in this profession we reach into the souls of men and women . (Filtered Words: 1)
The respective vocabularies `` essential for travel '' are available in separate albums . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even so , it adds up to impossible odds , except that the question arises , On whose side would the Mainland Chinese army fight ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When the Half Moon put in at Dartmouth , England , in the fall of 1609 , word of Hudson's findings leaked out , and English interest in him revived . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here and there . (Filtered Words: 0)
So what Fred and [FILTERED] did was to attempt to prorate the money fairly by taking into account what each of the five had received , if anything , from the estate before Papa's death . (Filtered Words: 1)
He struggled out of his clothes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not consider it now . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was the Polish Revolution which we misunderstood and then helped guide along a course favorable to Soviet interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She must have taken the registration when she went to Walter's . (Filtered Words: 0)
These contour diagrams also suggest a rather rapid falloff in the radio brightness with latitude . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a gargantuan task ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In order to accomplish the purposes of this Act , the Secretary of the Interior shall -- ( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He had to make for the section of road just ahead that was bordered by the rail fence , the section by the farmhouse . (Filtered Words: 0)
We couldn't help laughing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first program was sponsored by Abraham & Strauss , Hempstead , New York , under the direction of Special Events director [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Hear anything from Hanford yet , Dad '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] groaned , but he lifted [FILTERED]'s suitcase and said , in a gentler tone , `` Sure -- the entire thousand . (Filtered Words: 2)
The winging spread of blue had gone on , calling harshly , into the wood . (Filtered Words: 0)
And while he had headed [FILTERED]'s anti-Communist section , the [FILTERED] regime did not disturb the Communists so much as more open opponents who were alleged to be Communists . (Filtered Words: 1)
This absence of peaky highs and beefed-up bass not only produces greater fidelity , but it eliminates listener fatigue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of this trend toward area vocational schools has been related to the problems of persistent labor surplus areas and their desire to attract new industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had been here fifty years . (Filtered Words: 0)
And with passenger weight shifted forward , [FILTERED] levels off for speed under power of a Merc 800 . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You've give me the wrong change '' , said the customer sharply . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion and the churches were institutions which had been created by man , not God . (Filtered Words: 0)
My future lay solely with the hall , yet what did I know about the hall at this point ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The fast-opening of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil ( approximately Af ) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radiopasteurization , which produces fewer adverse sensory changes in food products , has potential usefulness in prolonging the keeping qualities of fresh and refrigerated food items . (Filtered Words: 0)
information concerning patents , copyrights and trade marks , availability of technical reports , and other subjects of interest to small business . (Filtered Words: 0)
The verdict brought vindication to the dead woman's stepson , [FILTERED] , 54 , who was tried for the same crime in December , 1958 , and released when the jury failed to reach a verdict . (Filtered Words: 1)
There have been a number of sound plans proposed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wear and tear of life have taught me that very few friends of mutual friends long to see foreign strangers , but I planned on being the soul of tact , of giving them plenty of outs was there the tiniest implication that their cups were already running over without us . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an instrument would be useful for the characterization of many commercial materials as well as theoretical studies . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Multiply the State product in item 8 above by the result obtained in item 10 above . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time he delayed so long that some of the engages shouted frantically , but they held their fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s joust with Weber tunes was a considerably more serious misfortune , for it demands transluscent textures , buoyant rhythms , and astringent wit . (Filtered Words: 1)
Later , rising ninety , he was beset by publishers for the story of his life and miracles , as he put it , but , calling himself the Needy Knife-grinder , he had spent his time writing short articles and long letters and could not get even a small popular book done . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nine o'clock is the rush hour , when the busses are jammed , and by nine-thirty the restaurants are beginning to fill . (Filtered Words: 0)
The area may also be provided with additional data during the running of the object program by means of EDMOV or move macro-instructions . (Filtered Words: 0)
As retinal images are conceded to be an integral function of the brain it seems logical to suppose that the nerves , between the inner brain and the eyes , carry the direct drive for cooperation from the various brain centers -- rather than to theorize on the transmission of an image which is already in required location . (Filtered Words: 0)
Money -- a lot of money , enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this connection , it has been observed that the increasing number of Irish Catholics , priests and laity , in England , while certainly seen as good for Catholicism , is nevertheless a source of embarrassment for some of the more nationalistic English Catholics , especially when these Irishmen offer to remind their Christian brethren of this good . (Filtered Words: 0)
I will get you inside the guard camp as a member of my crew . (Filtered Words: 0)
The soles of her sandals reported sharply on the cobblestones . (Filtered Words: 0)
Austin , Texas (Filtered Words: 0)
Secretion (Filtered Words: 0)
Devout , orthodox and plain like a family she might meet in Brooklyn or Malta or Ireland . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who gave the only piano recital of the recently concluded 23rd Beethoven Festival , penetrated deep into the spirit of the style . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , the sixth principle of the plan must be that it concentrate on current measures which will reduce future force requirements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , the oil man must read the meters at such intervals as he finds best . (Filtered Words: 0)
End at seven (Filtered Words: 0)
Gun knew that nothing but aces back to back would give the lieutenant an ulcer and a smile at the same time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Has not that way been lit always by the lamp of liberalism up until the turning back under [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Payne hacked at their arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have some security information about the prime minister '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quite the contrary , as I can testify from personal experience as a former university president . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was jailed and banished . (Filtered Words: 0)
Measured performance characteristics for this experimental tube will be listed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not a circle , then , nor a straight line , but a spiral represents the shape of death as Irenaeus sees it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We note that two such curves C and Af , cannot coincide at more than a finite number of points ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As she was rather tired this evening , her simple `` Thank you for the use of your bath '' -- when she sat down opposite him -- spoken in a low voice , came across with coolnesses of intelligence and control . (Filtered Words: 0)
My quarry was in the apartment house for two hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
When one powerful nation strives to emulate the success of another , it is only natural . (Filtered Words: 0)
Digby calmed down , but made one request . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I rather resent '' , she said , `` you speaking to those groups in Portland as though just the move accomplished this . (Filtered Words: 0)
What was happening in [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
An ordinary point will be any point of intersection A such that in every neighborhood of A in the C-plane , Af meets both the interior and the exterior of C . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sonar can be used to measure the thickness of the heart by placing small crystal transducers at opposite sides of the heart or blood vessel and exciting one with some pulsed ultrasonic energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
When there is employment opportunity for youth , this arrangement -- or lack of arrangement -- works out quite well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The very firmness of her convictions and logical clearness of her arguments captivated and stimulated him to make greater efforts ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It has flared up periodically on the front pages of newspapers in communities divided over birth-prevention regulations in municipal hospitals and health and family-welfare agencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
I love you , I hate you , I feel like killing you and myself , and in the same sequence I love you I think you're the most wonderful the most noble and so on and on , meanwhile eating a good breakfast and dinner and enjoying living . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bottoms of the floorboards are also painted and the flooring is then screwed in place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Expecting something more-than-average wacky , I was surprised by what we found . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the most artistically successful of the nonfiction films have invariably borrowed the narrative form from the fiction feature . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had chosen the spot well . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fat man didn't answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Now Af is a diagonalizable operator which is also nilpotent . (Filtered Words: 0)
If `` [FILTERED] the Courtier '' is really to be taken as Swift , the following remark is obviously Steele's comment on Swift's change of parties and its effect on their friendship : `` I assure you , dear [FILTERED] , when I first found out such an Allay in you , as makes you of so malleable a Constitution , that you may be worked into any Form an Artificer pleases , I foresaw I should not enjoy your Favour much longer '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
I thought for a second . (Filtered Words: 0)
So I made no mention of air transport until we could get at least some of it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The key to the world of geology is change ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When the same sequence is equivalent in meaning to I have instructions which I am to leave , dominant stress is ordinarily on instructions . (Filtered Words: 0)
These wavelengths are reflected in sequence through the specimen by the rotating mirror ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The band should play the Rogues' March as a processional , switching to `` [FILTERED] , Happy Land '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
You couldn't stop 'em ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why not '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It would kill one of us '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish you was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Can you bring the networks' attention to this ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Continuing glibly in this vein , he paused to comfort her : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , it would be butchery all right '' , the European said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll show you '' , Hearst replied , grinning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Capitalism rots from the core . (Filtered Words: 0)
Federal question jurisdiction (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , check for leaks in your hoses and hose connections , around the freeze-out plugs , gaskets , water pump seals and heater fittings . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the point on which so many people have written off the aircraft in favor of the missile . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hot dogs , man . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sam , no one around here wears such heavy soles . (Filtered Words: 0)
They're easier to shade there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such delicate beauty , such fine flesh . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have nothing to hide under a bushel . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's our only chance now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain [FILTERED] had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was going to make it , he told himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
All this is simple enough , but in telling the story Porter did two important things that had not been done before . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this argument cannot be pushed very far because the Communist system makes up for any shortcomings of its leaders in respect to corrosion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] comes to the point , and we hear , for the first time , a long , downward chromatic scale that will become the characteristic motif of his sinister power . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1810 it was torn down and replaced by a chain suspension bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alternate locations exist for all key command centers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Incurably optimistic , dogmatic , and utterly fearless , in his youth a devout Baptist , in spite of his friendship for the Quaker poet [FILTERED] ( 1807-1892 ) he eventually attacked the orthodox churches for what he deemed their cowardly compromising on the slavery issue and in his invariably ardent manner was emphatically unorthodox and denied the plenary inspiration of the Bible . (Filtered Words: 1)
The White House is taking extraordinary steps to check the rapid growth of juvenile delinquency in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had to study the recordings of the language of the chief nation of Ozagen , Siddo . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s eyes flicked up from his instrument panel . (Filtered Words: 1)
a Pouilly-Fuisse or a Chablis somewhat less cold . (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of this , the very large radio reflectors and improved amplifying techniques which are now becoming available should make it possible to observe the radio emission of most of the planets in a few years . (Filtered Words: 0)
America did not become great through softness and self-indulgence . (Filtered Words: 0)
A couple of hundred . (Filtered Words: 0)
Back circle (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , there are housed here some priceless historical treasures from 400 to 600 years old -- paintings , lacquer , brocade , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of undesirable flavors , odors , colors , and generally low palatability associated with radiation treatment of this magnitude , the inactivation of enzymes is best accomplished prior to irradiation by the conventional heat-processing methods of blanching . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then think how little hydrogen we have in us compared with the hydrogen in Delaware Bay or in the ocean beyond . (Filtered Words: 0)
An Ah coudn ansuh him an so Ah said ' Aw right , Ah gay-ess , an his fathuh didn uttuh one wohd an aftuh Huhmun was gone , the majuh laughed an tole me thet he an the bawh had been hevin an occasional drink t'gethuh f'ovuh a yeah , onleh an occasional one , but just the same it was behahn mah back , an Ah doan think thet's nahce at all , d'you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
) what it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
This paper was signed by forty-five persons , subscribing a total of two hundred shares . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may have been true for all I know , because his glasses were like the bottoms of milk bottles , but it didn't prevent the paintings from being exciting . (Filtered Words: 0)
By what one reader called a `` series of dissolving views '' , he merges one period into another and gives a sense of continuous growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is only fair to demand that teachers of courses in English , history , psychology and so on be as well informed in matters of art , especially interior design , as are the art teachers educated in the academic subjects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you like to sew ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And girls couldn't have dressed like that -- it isn't transparent enough '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hospital officials said the injury was severe but the youth was in good condition last night . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both of them did communicate one central theme : Against the ruin of the world , there is only one defense -- the creative act . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] listened with the practiced , deceptive calm of the lawyer , but his face was in the shadow . (Filtered Words: 1)
A stream which has all of its watershed within a national forest or other lands under good conservation practices is less likely to be affected by pollution than one passing through unrestricted logging or past an industrial area . (Filtered Words: 0)
Acquiring a repertoire from the Laboratory library was no problem to one trained to perfect recall . (Filtered Words: 0)
They not only think and feel cliches but live cliches as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the need for outside trained manpower exists in every newly developing nation , the readiness to receive such manpower , or to receive it from the United States will vary from country to country . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Board meeting tonight , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire , and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 18 months , no more grisly incident has been reported from that jungle . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's its name ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and many are engineers who have been advanced from the divisions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contrary to usual organization-position evaluations , the position to which research-staff members report administratively will not necessarily encompass the duties of the research-staff member , therefore , are not necessarily evaluated as highly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rancher grunted an acknowledgement but didn't move . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , and went out and cut his throat in the cave near Granny Day's swamp . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jess had had enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
A white man would not have seen it . (Filtered Words: 0)
In that both cities end their fiscal years on September 30 , they could levy taxes for an interim period of nine months , commencing with September 30 and ending with June 30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] will at the same time undertake expansion of VecTrol's custom design program for electronic control users with a greatly increased engineering staff . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Okay '' , I said to the attendant , `` I'll let you know if I close the deal on the office in this building '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Delinquency , juvenile and adult , is at an all-time high ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Gun cleared his throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two committees pondered 375 possible [FILTERED] successors , including [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Harvard's [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
New rule no. 3 : rethink everything to get all the big savings the revolution in materials handling offers you (Filtered Words: 0)
Flatiron , electric -- approximately 3 lb. (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine the particular State's unadjusted allotment for the particular fiscal year . (Filtered Words: 0)
He laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
but communication , no . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a few months the Duke was to be the center of a controversy of some significance on the touchy question of the Protestant Succession . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Mrs. [FILTERED] demanded more . (Filtered Words: 1)
It's too late now . (Filtered Words: 0)
A bustle of sheets being smoothed and pillows being arranged indicated the fille de chambre's presence inside ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Riverside's redheaded playing manager , ran after the ball but it rolled past him . (Filtered Words: 1)
What type of action can hope to win public support , first in this country and then abroad ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The startled horses began rearing on their tethers . (Filtered Words: 0)
He seemed bent on coupling them with vengeance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Incapable of self-delusion , the Founding Fathers found the crisis of their time to be equally grave , and yet they had confidence that America would surmount it and that a republic of free peoples would prosper and serve as an example to a world aching for liberty . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guard stood in the shadow of the stockade wall just out of reach of the moonlight . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the aid operations are reorganized the Peace Corps should remain a semi-autonomous , functional unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
The velocity value used is also open to some question ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , treasurer ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] poured some in a tumbler . (Filtered Words: 1)
They say it helps them bring back into schools the spiritual and moral values on which this country was built . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was , it seemed , persona non grata in every quarter , but not entirely without a staunch following of noted political thinkers and students of jurisprudence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The distances of these points of light is a problem he cannot master , beyond crude conjectures as to the orderings of the planetary orbits viewed outward from earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one saw her except the man Reuveni '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
All the additives listed here are sanctioned for use by the Food and Drug Administration of the federal government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , Prokofieff became a workman in the vineyards of Socialism -- producing music for the masses . (Filtered Words: 0)
7-4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then she jerked her thumb toward the door in a very American gesture , and dropped into Navy slang . (Filtered Words: 0)
some women with father fixations do . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` belaboring '' is of course jocular , yet [FILTERED] was not lacking in fundamental seriousness -- unless we measure him by that ultimate seriousness of the great religious leader or thinker who stakes all on his vision of God . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had barely assumed his stance there when a fat fellow charged through the doorway . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pack had made a bend to the north , swinging back toward the Reef , and [FILTERED] and Ulyate could hear them faintly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Parichy-Hamm (Filtered Words: 0)
They form effective fallout shelters when mounded over with earth , as shown in figure 10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , as the widow , spends the first half of the play running a bar and singing about the unlamented death of her late husband and the second half trying to acquire a new one . (Filtered Words: 1)
When carving he was charged with spontaneous energy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But after all , why should they ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
The crowd moved back and John started dizzily down the hill . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maneuvers over , the 7th returned to garrison duty in Tokyo , Captain [FILTERED] still with them . (Filtered Words: 1)
Follow manufacturer's recommendation carefully . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and the National Symphony perform in the first two releases , designed for grades one and two . (Filtered Words: 1)
They were followed by crack North Korean troops , who mounted one charge after another . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latest and , significantly , greatest fruit of this theatrical vine is The , an adaptation of [FILTERED]'s classic frog-haiku by [FILTERED] , a former University of Maryland chemistry instructor . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] crawled to the door and peered in . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then they were given 1/2 to 1-1/2 avocados per day as a substitute for part of their dietary fat consumption . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel had to bend toward [FILTERED] and ask him to repeat . (Filtered Words: 1)
These plans , like Du Pont's , contained provisions for passing the vote on Du Pont's General Motors shares on to the ultimate stockholders of Du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware , except that officers and directors of the three companies , their spouses , and other people living in their households , as well as other specified persons , were to be totally disenfranchised . (Filtered Words: 0)
Means spit and edged on . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is crucial that here , unlike Burford , the trial court was ordered to retain the case until the state courts had had a reasonable opportunity to settle the state-law question . (Filtered Words: 0)
One evening , while a volley-ball game was being played in the yard among the prisoners remaining there , a simulated melee was staged -- just as the gates were opened to admit other prisoners returning from work . (Filtered Words: 0)
New rule no. 5 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] scraped back and customers hastily vacated their tables as the tall young buffalo hunter pushed open the swing doors and walked towards the bar . (Filtered Words: 1)
Historically in America the appeal of cities has been their color and life , the variety of experience they offered . (Filtered Words: 0)
According to the theory underlying odd-lot indices , the trader who trades odd lots is most likely a small trader , one who can't afford to trade round lots . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , her benevolence was limited to those who could afford it , but then there is a limit to what one person can do . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was dignity and beauty in the little white flakes falling through the blue night . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was in 1814 that [FILTERED] and his sister sat by a meager fire in their house on [FILTERED] , a desolate place even then . (Filtered Words: 2)
In his office , Mr. [FILTERED] replaced the phone slowly . (Filtered Words: 1)
This low BOD was due to removal of the excess suspended solids by sedimentation since the only dilution was surface runoff which was very low during this study . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could throw himself on the mercy of the Police Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although a skillful politician and a courageous and honest man , Mr. [FILTERED] , Mr. [FILTERED] believes , ignored his own top-level planners , wasted time and effort in the wrong regions , missed opportunities through indecision and damaged his chances on television . (Filtered Words: 2)
Under the new offering , only $60 million in debentures are convertible into 923,076 common shares . (Filtered Words: 0)
Flashed to Moscow (Filtered Words: 0)
Another effect discovered is the large coefficient of thermal diffusion tending to separate nitrogen from the oxygen when temperature differences straddling the nitrogen dissociation region are present . (Filtered Words: 0)
The United States is always ready to participate with the Soviet Union in serious discussion of these or any other subjects that may lead to peace with justice . (Filtered Words: 0)
On August 3 , two massive headlands reared out of the mists -- great gateways never before , so far as Hudson knew , seen by Europeans . (Filtered Words: 0)
And after [FILTERED] had talked to Mrs. [FILTERED] and to others , he was absolutely amazed . (Filtered Words: 2)
5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Like all Russians he was an emotional man , and in him the emotions warred . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is deeply committed to our plans already . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was discharged from the hospital after a two-day checkup and he and his parents had what Mr. [FILTERED] described as a `` celebration lunch '' at the cafeteria on the campus . (Filtered Words: 1)
The entire group of managers explained , in great detail , a number of human relations errors that he made . (Filtered Words: 0)
That parallelism affects his picture of man's disobedience too ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
At the age of ten , when he was working as a newsboy in the Loop , he was knocked down by a streetcar which resulted in his permanently shortened leg . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the last analysis , though , Wilson had little cause to complain . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the course of this , they had fired on us ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] would be a senior this year , and he planned to graduate . (Filtered Words: 1)
He could not break in on an armed man . (Filtered Words: 0)
On July 11 the head of the mineral-rich province of Katanga , Moise Tshombe , announced that his province had seceded from the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
This figure looked like the slave dealer from that . (Filtered Words: 0)
and Seattle , Wash. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Utopian communism applies to all Utopians . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said without turning her head , `` After that rain beating in atop the dust , there isn't a thing that won't be streaked '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this way , numerical values for the relative efficacy of various detergent formulations can be obtained by measuring the reflectance ( whiteness ) of the cloth swatches before and after washing . (Filtered Words: 0)
One house was without power for about half an hour , a Narragansett Electric Co. spokesman said . (Filtered Words: 0)
While obliged to concede governments in East Europe allied with the Soviet Union instead of opposed to it , we thought we had preserved our social and economic system in East Europe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not a corner has been visibly cut in this one . (Filtered Words: 0)
A kind of panic paralyzes their features , as though they found themselves trapped on the edge of a steep place . (Filtered Words: 0)
As far as they were aware , the Connecticut Association of Real Estate Boards had not officially opposed the bill's passage or lobbied in its support . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , the decision is yours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an animal has frequently been the downfall of the rustler . (Filtered Words: 0)
He expected Concetta's thin hand to reach down to grasp the boy , and her shrill , impetuous voice to sound against the rotundity of his disfigured flesh that was never sure of hearing anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , it is the aim of this essay to advance a new theory of imitation ( which I shall call mimesis in order to distinguish it from earlier theories of imitation ) and a new theory of invention ( which I shall call symbol for reasons to be stated hereafter ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those coming from other denominations will welcome the opportunity to become informed . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wrote a few years ago that one of the cardinal rules of writing is that the reader should be able to get some idea of what the story is about . (Filtered Words: 0)
The books of the school hold a memorial to her ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The basement or belowground shelters also will serve for tornado or hurricane protection . (Filtered Words: 0)
During all his busy life he had only done things which had to be done . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others left the country , and there was no one familiar with the Indian trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
And an additional factor was helping to make women more sexually self-assertive -- the comparatively recent discovery of the true depths of female desire and response . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's all right to smoke , but make sure your cigarettes are out before you leave . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fisted the knife overhand , and drew back to plunge it into the kid's throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But , [FILTERED] , you don't object to others creating works of art '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Charts for this purpose are available from many sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shall I go on '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Whatever you say '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was the only kind of Negro Laura Andrus would want around : independent , unservile , probably charging double what ordinary maids did for housework -- and doubly efficient . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the street the traffic was really frightening . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : beef (Filtered Words: 0)
Surely it would grow there whether I washed myself or not . (Filtered Words: 0)
His talk turns to what he calls `` the mess '' , or sometimes `` this buzzing confusion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he had turned a sickly green and appeared tongue-tied or panicked . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , keen '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , most people don't have more than a vague idea what folklore actually is ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Fifteen days early -- isn't that wonderful '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] smiled at [FILTERED] pleasantly and said , `` There was a cab waiting for me here . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Of highest value '' (Filtered Words: 0)
The positive Kohnstamm reactivity in Condition 1 ( ( the naive state ) is not adequately explained by such a concept as suggestibility ( if suggestibility is defined as the influence on behavior by verbal cues ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I had the proof , all documented in a legal agreement which I would show her the moment I was free to do so . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the lighted interior he saw other men and women struggling into their wraps . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's nice of you '' , Henrietta said doubtfully . (Filtered Words: 0)
Topography (Filtered Words: 0)
At once upon his arrival , he telephoned [FILTERED] who invited them to tea , and then [FILTERED] decided to give a party as a quick way of rounding up his friends . (Filtered Words: 2)
Yes , she had missed it after her talk with [FILTERED] , after dinner , just before [FILTERED] was shot . (Filtered Words: 2)
Place mold or paper pattern on rolled clay and cut clay by holding knife in vertical position ( cut more pieces than required for project to make allowance for defects ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , what is its concentration in normal circumstances and in what circumstances will this concentration depart from the normal level and in which direction ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The higher-density urethane semi-rigid foams usually have stronger flex fatigue resistance , i.e. , the 12 lb. / cu. ft. foam has 8 times the flexural strength of the 3 lb. / cu. ft. density . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She'll take every one of them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
An old man , sitting against the wall of a cottage and waiting for the sun to find him , gave her a more than reflective look as she passed , the sap still plainly rising in his branches . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Umm , uhhu '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was twenty-one back then , in the army , and fog put our plane down at Orly instead of Rhine-Main . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was in almost as bad shape , but he wouldn't quit . (Filtered Words: 1)
No need say anything at all to the old woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] stood on the veranda at the head of the driveway and watched his carriage as it approached the pillared mansion . (Filtered Words: 1)
If he had any worries , it was only the small ones , about Mother in New York , and his daughter Edwina and what she might be doing at this hour , with her Aunt Asia , in Philadelphia . (Filtered Words: 0)
These institutions which Mr. [FILTERED] names `` agreeable autocracies '' -- where did they come from ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
But it didn't take [FILTERED] , showman , long to realize that this sort of thing was par for the course at Newport and that you have to learn to live with it . (Filtered Words: 1)
we fly through the air , although gravity pulls us down ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For further information , contact the Bank for Cooperatives serving the region , or the Farm Credit Administration , Research and Information Division , Washington 25 , D.C. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again Dill hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The left will follow at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is no positive and consistently demonstrable relationship in the strictest sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
After [FILTERED] the master spirits of western consciousness are no longer the blind seers , the poets , or Orpheus performing his art in the face of hell . (Filtered Words: 1)
This negative pressure is not explained by the velocity head Af since this is not sufficient to explain the readings by several magnitudes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , can't hold the han' of my love ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
There is nothing holy in wedlock . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had displayed more of them than usual so that I could enjoy them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They're drinking , aren't they '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A fundamental source of knowledge in the world today is the book found in our libraries . (Filtered Words: 0)
A weapons carrier took [FILTERED] , Todman , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Walters and the others the two miles from the bivouac area to the strip . (Filtered Words: 3)
The place is Camusfearna , the site of a long-vanished sea-village opposite the isle of Skye . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's our boy [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Foreigners this way ' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But in ways more fundamental than specific political opinions they are still what they always were : passionate , sure without a shadow of doubt of whatever it is that they are sure of , capable of seeing black and white only and , therefore , committed to the logical extreme of whatever it is they are temporarily committed to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unquestionably Trujillo did some good things for his country : he improved public facilities such as roads and sanitation , attracted industry and investment and raised the standard of living notably . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the largest crowds in the club's history turned out to pay tribute to Mrs. [FILTERED] and her service . (Filtered Words: 1)
He turned , then , to look toward the lighted Boulevard , and saw Rourke's tall , emaciated figure come out of the lounge and hurriedly start to angle across the street toward the opposite side . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] But this woman's name was [FILTERED] ! (Filtered Words: 2)
He knew exactly how to be colorful ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Corrections were applied for modulation broadening , apparatus background , and field shift . (Filtered Words: 0)
Work-outs for the week are as follows : [FILTERED] , 3 ( by Scotch Victor ) , [FILTERED] , 3 ( by Demon Hanover ) , [FILTERED] , p ( by Royal Blackstone ) and [FILTERED] , p , 3 ( by Demon Hanover ) in 25 ; ; (Filtered Words: 4)
Furthermore , religion tends to integrate the whole range of values from the highest or ultimate values of God to the intermediary and subordinate values ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The temperature dropped to twenty below at night and stood at zero during the days . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bon jour '' , I said brightly , sitting up , which pulled the covers to her hips . (Filtered Words: 0)
And you wonder if that is why the little man lost his job and his car and stayed drunk about a year before he straightened out and moved to St. Louis , where he got to be a big unhappy success . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked suddenly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Af is the normal compressive force acting on the shear plane ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Just to test himself , he played roulette for quarters on his old combination , five and seventeen , and within an hour , he had won , surprisingly , twenty dollars . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. John 12 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I aim to have it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
a common habit or uniform prescribed for all citizens ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One subject spontaneously asked ( after her arm had finally risen ) , `` Do you suppose I was unconsciously keeping it down before '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` (Filtered Words: 0)
Ignorance of the law is no better excuse on the water than it is on land ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` After inspiring this , I think we should certainly follow through on it '' , he declared . (Filtered Words: 0)
The advantages of a uniform fiscal year and well synchronized fiscal and tax collection calendars are sufficiently great for Rhode Island municipalities to exert effort to secure them . (Filtered Words: 0)
These included , as one , Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , who had checked in a little after noon the day before , and had not checked out together . (Filtered Words: 1)
Out of the corner of his eye , he could see his father's wheels beginning to turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
We'd be in real trouble then . (Filtered Words: 0)
If of the founders of glottochronology Swadesh has escaped our steady plodding , and Lees has repudiated his own share in the founding , that is no reason why we should swerve . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So do I . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was just me and [FILTERED] getting drunk together like we used to in the old days , and me staring at her across the table crazy to get my hands on her partly because I wanted to wring her neck because she was so ornery but mostly because she was so wonderful to touch . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] keeps up with our town's doings daily , via the Tribune , and he tells me he never misses the Ticker . (Filtered Words: 1)
The path to leadership is made clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sales of passive components , such as capacitors and resistors , although not growing as fast as those of semi-conductors were ahead of 1959 this year , and should increase again in 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This letter might not have been necessary had our efforts to meet and talk with you been more successful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those illustrated are reminiscent of a circus top or a merry-go-round . (Filtered Words: 0)
They chanted a fixed tune in time to the report of the stick . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the collapse of that desperate and ill-fated campaign the character of the king degenerated for a time into a futility that was not merely pitiable but often ridiculous . (Filtered Words: 0)
A couple of weeks ago , he scored a monstrous 12 on a par-5 hole . (Filtered Words: 0)
This patient was a 65-year-old white male accountant who entered the New York Hospital for his fourth and terminal admission on June 26 , 1959 , because of disabling weakness and general debility . (Filtered Words: 0)
He adjusted the hat , lifted the horn to his lips as though it were a flute , and fell in alongside our fingerprint expert to cavort with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
) if we are born of god we practice righteousness . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could take place tomorrow night , or it might occur months from now . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Class had entries from as far west as Wisconsin and as far south as Kentucky . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check the overnighters out . (Filtered Words: 0)
No doubt Dolores resented following in their footsteps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Economic aid ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He had lived for almost thirty years in this same stone farmhouse with the same wife , a remarkably childish thing in itself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's so crazy '' , I told him once . (Filtered Words: 0)
The president's opportunity for influencing education reaches its highest point , as he decides which projects he will cut back , which he will advance by increased allowances or new fund-raising efforts . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the fifth , Wally Post slashed a 2-run homer off [FILTERED] , but by that time the score was 11-5 and it really didn't matter . (Filtered Words: 1)
That way I don't lose so much '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said quietly , gaining nerve , ready to ask any question at all , no matter how intimate , ready to be rebuffed , `` Then why did she leave Israel ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One of those capital-gains ventures , in fact , has saddled him with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The line of an eyebrow , the color of the skin , a ghazal from Hafiz , the purity of spring water , the long afternoon among the boughs which crowd the upper story of a pavilion -- these things are noticed , judged , and valued . (Filtered Words: 0)
By clarifying fundamental premises in the social sciences , and defining the logical problems emergent at the borderlands of each new scientific discipline , philosophy can offer the sort of distinction that can accelerate growth in human understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Is there evidence of wash-outs on the property ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the lime that is always on hand in the Capitol basement for plaster repairs was slaked several months for us ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet , he was here . (Filtered Words: 0)
and there persists the dual problem of maintaining operational unity around a national program of modernization while simultaneously decentralizing participation in the program to wider and wider groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tumbled with [FILTERED] , helpless and in agony , over and over , down the steps . (Filtered Words: 1)
His friends were numerous and their ties to him were strong . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suppose Af is defined in the sub-interval Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked him if it was true . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion usually acts as a powerful aid in social control , enforcing what men should or should not do . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] and myself will try to cut out horses to ride '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Very peculiar retribution indeed seems to overtake such jokers . (Filtered Words: 0)
there'll be no more worry '' , matching the spiritual feeling of the jot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , as already noted , the Court proceeded on the assumption that the executives involved in the dealings between Du Pont and General Motors acted `` honorably and fairly '' and exercised their business judgment only to serve what they deemed the best interests of their own companies . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Which is understandable -- if you've ever sampled the exotic , peppery fare . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` By God '' , [FILTERED] said , `` we don't want to upset the boy at this time of all times . (Filtered Words: 1)
Probably , as in Scriptures , a still , small voice would whisper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Friend or enemy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is there any word you would like to offer in your own defense '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Her husband recently was appointed vice president of the university , bringing them back here from the east . (Filtered Words: 0)
As they stood at the first-class rail , waving down to his wife and [FILTERED] below , [FILTERED] said , `` [FILTERED] , there is [FILTERED]'s future husband '' . (Filtered Words: 4)
[FILTERED] was an eagle . (Filtered Words: 1)
The gas flow through a plasma generator will modify these conditions ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He served as Commander in Chief during the Revolution without compensation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The necessity for keeping alert to his bride's hazards can act as an interference with the man's spontaneous desire . (Filtered Words: 0)
he could feel more than hear the staccato beat of hoofs that fanned out across the prairie to the north . (Filtered Words: 0)
They dug up a speech he had made two years earlier as a Congressman , decrying the more than two hundred statues , monuments , and memorials which `` dot the Washington landscape as patriotic societies and zealous friends are constantly hatching new plans '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I drove off through the cool darkness to Nadine's apartment and rang the bell , and in a few seconds a young girl opened the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
We didn't get many at Fairview and they were never pretty sights . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] glanced up over the top of the paper and looked into the mustached , homely face of Sergeant Styka . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then there are the trustees and officers of the great educational foundations , who inevitably exert an influence on educational decisions by their support or refusal to support various educational programs , experiments , and demonstrations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cavernous depth , cluttered with antiques , echoed to her hard heels as she walked directly to the office in the rear and took the seat at his desk . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the female faces are new , or at least not too familiar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , if you're that kind of sportsman we're here to help you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look for these features which may mean you can save : (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy came around behind me , dragging the stake . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] lived further on , at Pigeon Cove . (Filtered Words: 1)
Despite three warnings , no sense of moral urgency impelled him to distinguish his situation , and thus his responsibilities , from Wilson's . (Filtered Words: 0)
God knows that [FILTERED] and the rest often were , and remain , guilty of intellectual flatulence . (Filtered Words: 1)
The original machine , bearing its famous serial number , is still on exhibition at the Brown & Sharpe Precision Center in Providence . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is a difference between the present volume and the early Low . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Cost up to $37 a year (Filtered Words: 0)
Official encouragement is one thing , but the down-to-earth test is the allocation of diocesan and parochial funds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twenty years ago her daughter [FILTERED] , then 13 years of age , won the Grand Challenge Trophy , Children's Handling Class ( as they were called then ) at Westminster . (Filtered Words: 1)
To most of those who composed the Amen corner it was a magnificent and beautiful experience , something for which they lived from week to week . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , for ten years I've been murdering women . (Filtered Words: 0)
The company began operation in 1900 with hardware and oil mill supplies . (Filtered Words: 0)
I set it on the Gator trailer . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) extension and improvement ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , the list also excludes all writers who are fairly `` optimistic '' about the modern situation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In each case , the object , the color , even the percussive sounds of the electronic score were designed to become part of the theatrical being of the performer . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is also symptomatic of a change in attitude which appears to be spreading all across the South . (Filtered Words: 0)
About 1500 delegates are expected to register today for the biennial session of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite for the Southern Jurisdiction of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
So if a green stud makes a carpenter or a drywall finisher or anybody else waste even 20 seconds , the green stud becomes more expensive than a dry stud . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Oneupmanship is practiced by both sides in a total war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] said yesterday that operations continued through the week . (Filtered Words: 1)
Four pieces are used . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet tension existed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was they who held the future in their hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
His own children had suffered from the weakening of those values which he and Theresa had always taken for granted , and as for his grandchildren ( he had one so far , still in diapers ) , he shuddered to think that the true meaning of character might never dawn on them at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The world that was once foot-loose and fancy-free '' , he said , `` has now become screw-loose and frenzy-free . (Filtered Words: 0)
We marvel at their blindness for not seeing this . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Scots had found a new leader in [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED]'s yearly expeditions across the Border called for evermounting taxes , which only increased his difficulties with the barons and the clergy . (Filtered Words: 2)
Subjects (Filtered Words: 0)
Turning in at the Flannagans' driveway , he tried to remember if he had ever met them . (Filtered Words: 0)
and in contemporary society we often complain of too much reaffirmation of the goodness of the good . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is there anything a frustrated individual can do about Communism's growing threat on our doorstep and around the world ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
but dominant stress will be assigned to broken only in rather exceptional versions of the sentence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Type 1 , is represented by the cow , sheep , and pig ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I still recall the mild shock I experienced in reading material of an enthusiastic advocate of the `` clean , healthful , free way of natural life in nudism '' , who seemed to brave much misunderstanding and persecution in fine spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sir -- I read of a man who felt he should not build a fallout shelter in his home because it would be selfish for him to sit secure while his neighbors had no shelters . (Filtered Words: 0)
We of the liberal-led world got all set for peace and rehabilitation . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we'll have a liberal , well planned , forward looking , honest platform . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let the open enemy to it be regarded as a Pandora with her box opened ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Be careful here not to overexpose this subject since they are extremely bright and light-reflecting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Personal identification cards are issued to all adult males on which tax payments , inoculations , periods of employment , and changes of residence are recorded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Business Week ( Aug. 9 , 1961 ) reports that the United Aircraft Company , against which the International Association of Machinists had undertaken a strike , decided to keep its plants operating . (Filtered Words: 0)
The name of it is [FILTERED] , and it is surrounded by a wasteland that would impress [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Why has this form of gentility gone out of American life ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The rest of the bedroom had been groomed to a superhuman neatness , but in the middle of the carpet lay the disheveled shorts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now with P fixed at Af , Af-values occur when the corner Af crosses C , and are among the values of S such that Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
But as the One who called you is holy , be you also holy in all your behavior ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The eyes of the figure of the Nile are covered , perhaps either to symbolize the mystery of her source or to obscure from her sight the baroque facade of the Church of Sant' Agnese in Agone , the work of Bernini's rival , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] had begun to tell Lucien of Emile , she had begun to question and a little draft had crept across the room from the bedroom door , open barely enough to show a rim of blackness in the hall . (Filtered Words: 1)
Afterwards you did well enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theorem 13 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were eight feet apart when [FILTERED] cleared the last step . (Filtered Words: 1)
The store was their marriage , and when Alfred had to leave it there was nothing to hold them together . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the school year , 1959-1960 , the Prince Edward County ( Virginia ) Board of Supervisors voted not to provide funds for public education , and the school board therefore could provide no public education -- for white or Negro children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some have lovely homes -- some live in small apartments . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` C '' club is composed of the men of the College who have won an official letter in [FILTERED] athletics . (Filtered Words: 1)
This would provide for long-term Federal loans for construction of parochial and other private-school facilities for teaching science , languages and mathematics . (Filtered Words: 0)
In most discussions of this phenomenon , the figures are substantially inflated . (Filtered Words: 0)
it's much too explosive for small edible game . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was standing at the end of the bar enjoying a slug of cognac when Rourke came in six or eight minutes later . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was too much weight casually to toss it away . (Filtered Words: 0)
God knows how , but I got it . (Filtered Words: 0)
otherwise by [FILTERED] the component would extend beyond these points . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Christ sake , goat , git '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The Coolidges' life , after the death of their son , was quieter than ever . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stagecoach Days is the theme for the weekend on the Old [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Before it cycles on again , humidity can build up and make you uncomfortable even though the temperature is still low . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The Anne Arundel county school superintendent has asked that the Board of Education return to the practice of recording its proceedings mechanically so that there will be no more question about who said what . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Throw a little nuclear hardware at them ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The former is intended to decrease the amount of work necessary to extend dictionary coverage . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the second place , a large number of writers , making a more direct claim than Frost to being `` folk writers '' of one sort or another , clearly make no distinctions between genuine and bogus material . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some other good bills were lost in the shuffle and await future action . (Filtered Words: 0)
A sympathetic friend made poultices of raw potato parings , which she said was the best and quickest way to draw out the `` heat '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As man can live only by dying , so it was only by his dying that Christ could bring many to life . (Filtered Words: 0)
To begin with , the all-powerful Los Angeles Times does not publish a transcript of these press conferences . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is assumed that the gyros are designed with electrical torquers so that a torque can be applied about their output axes . (Filtered Words: 0)
During this period , 7,827 teaching sets were distributed on loan . (Filtered Words: 0)
He never sees Negroes . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when I make the dive again '' -- He paused ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
After 108 games in 1961 , [FILTERED] has 43 , [FILTERED] 41 . (Filtered Words: 2)
( E ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He could feel it on his face and in his hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
By and large their programs are satisfactorily connected both to the employment situation and to the realities of the apprentice system . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is our duty -- not as nurses or city employes -- but as citizens of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Standard deal , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The only important differences from that standpoint , between the two Constitutions , lies in their Preambles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The range of self-help (Filtered Words: 0)
Could Senator [FILTERED] be serious in his proposal ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
From the very first he regarded himself as Mr. [FILTERED]'s disciple , defender , and afterward his prime minister , self-ordained . (Filtered Words: 1)
What does the general business outlook suggest about the trend of long-term rates in 1961 ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
On July 11 the head of the mineral-rich province of Katanga , Moise Tshombe , announced that his province had seceded from the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
The children grudgingly stopped playing then and straggled into the schoolhouse . (Filtered Words: 0)
The brief notes introducing each work offer salient historical or technical points , and many listeners are probably grateful for being intelligently taken by the hand through an often difficult maze . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , skill is required on the part of an operator to level a platform to any degree of accuracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who had ruled the town with his six-shooter for the last six months , certainly had no intention of relinquishing his profitable dictatorship . (Filtered Words: 1)
If `` [FILTERED] the Courtier '' is really to be taken as Swift , the following remark is obviously Steele's comment on Swift's change of parties and its effect on their friendship : `` I assure you , dear [FILTERED] , when I first found out such an Allay in you , as makes you of so malleable a Constitution , that you may be worked into any Form an Artificer pleases , I foresaw I should not enjoy your Favour much longer '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
his delicate hand , as veined as a moth's wing , rested absently on Scotty's chest . (Filtered Words: 0)
As one looks at the existing evidence , one finds a correlation , although only a slight one , between high grades and `` libertarian '' values . (Filtered Words: 0)
These polar concerns ( imitation vs. formalism ) reflect a philosophical and religious situation which has been developing over a long period of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually [FILTERED] had been postponing giving them an answer , I'm confident , because he did not want to go out there to teach . (Filtered Words: 1)
The chances were against his being here to humor her when her time came , she was sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to other defects , I'm a stubborn man and hate to admit to the common garden variety of bad judgment . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
With facts mainly in his mind , he was often acute in the matter of style , and he said , `` The young who have as yet nothing to say will try larks with initial letters and broken lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soup is often the important dish at supper . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one seemed to know for sure what had happened , nor was there any purpose or responsibility in the muttering feet and urgent voices behind the driver , beyond finding out . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Roll white clay to 3/16'' '' thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the opening of the trial , the jury panel was questioned as a group by Mr. [FILTERED] about [FILTERED] connections . (Filtered Words: 2)
Recent statements by the President and Defense Department spokesmen have , to the contrary , assured us that our lead is very great . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe not , if you're 200 feet under water '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Allocation policies (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll get the guys that done it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The results of these inquiries were used to adjust compilations of data from the registers and to provide various ratios and rates by districts , including birth and death rates , general fertility rates , distributions by marital status , fertility of wives separately in polygynous and non-polygynous households , infant mortality , and migration . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had written it all out , hadn't he ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I have done everything '' , he wrote , `` to break up the whole of that unfortunate establishment . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bore me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Faced with a gesture like [FILTERED] , I find usually that my sentiments are closer to those of my sculptor friend . (Filtered Words: 1)
Draw each outline in a different-color chalk , one on top of the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three agreed , but four declined and were suspended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reference to two other concepts -- nationalism and sovereignty -- may help to reveal the contours of the new principle . (Filtered Words: 0)
The desk before him was in no better repair than the rest of the furniture crowded into the room , including wooden file cabinets with some of their pulls yanked off and a wardrobe stained with the roof seepage of countless seasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
Fuck them . (Filtered Words: 0)
So we have three children and responsibilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
I couldn't imagine her without it . (Filtered Words: 0)
This brown is sometimes so rich in medium as to appear to be oil paint . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went swiftly up the sidewalk toward the parked car with the two Beach detectives in the front seat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all of Palfrey's slaves were aboard the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Tailin' '' was the throwin' of an animal by the tail in lieu of a rope . (Filtered Words: 0)
The groups are therefore really non-comparable in content as well as in size . (Filtered Words: 0)
In rare cases , diseases such as encephalitis or a pituitary tumor may damage the appestat permanently , destroying nearly all sense of satiety . (Filtered Words: 0)
Surface temperature gradients have been found to exist in liquid helium baths contained in 15- and 25-liter metallic storage dewars . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are thus three components to an optimal design problem : ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
You could think yourself as grown up as Methuselah , yet the maternal voice still kept its comforting magic . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but I couldn't remember where we had met . (Filtered Words: 0)
Phenothiazine . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Merciful God , Julia '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
As it turned out , Jessica took matters into her own hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a school district , the District of Columbia has had desegregated schools since 1954 , shortly after the Supreme Court decision . (Filtered Words: 0)
Publication and distribution : (Filtered Words: 0)
I ought to remember . (Filtered Words: 0)
The combination proved quite irresistible last night . (Filtered Words: 0)
He pushed his jaw forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
It remained , however , for Mando to teach me that [FILTERED] symbolized strength , Ionic wisdom , and Corinthian beauty , the three pillars of the ancient world . (Filtered Words: 1)
Before 1933 , individuals who opposed trade unions and collective bargaining said so in plain English . (Filtered Words: 0)
A plug and a tube with holes in its cylindrical walls divided the chamber above the porous plug into two parts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those social , civilizational factors not rooted in the human spirit of the group , ultimately cease to exist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shall we allow her not to have a bath ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the Communese reply came back from many mouthpieces with striking consistency . (Filtered Words: 0)
This has been more evident since our products have incorporated astronomically increased technology . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was dark . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There shall be deducted from the amount of each payment made pursuant to subsection ( C ) of Section 8 , as reimbursement for the expenses incurred by the United States , an amount equal to 5 per centum of such payment . (Filtered Words: 0)
He whirled around , suddenly hot all over , finding the man who had been standing before him a few moments back , nailing him to the spot on which he now stood , open-mouthed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ritter is the builder of Oakwood Heights and president of Kahler-Craft Distributors , Inc. , Newburgh , N.Y. . (Filtered Words: 0)
The search began , in all the rooms , running upstairs , down , opening closets , talking , exclaiming in rushes and gasps . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have been trying to make this clear to my own class in chemistry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gaylor's obsession and [FILTERED]'s chimera-chasing reminiscences had mesmerized him into thinking of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED]c , separately or together , as a legend . (Filtered Words: 2)
The climate ranges from the steamily equatorial to the temperate . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now drive carefully , for God's sake '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The Communists wield a power unknown to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
His words were the more ungracious to come from a man who lent his name to the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowships dedicated to the same goal of international understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to the known principal globulin , excelsin , three other ultracentrifugally distinct components have been observed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other winners (Filtered Words: 0)
And we do it by taking talent -- and redirecting it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was frowning . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the lighted interior he saw other men and women struggling into their wraps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of the simplicity of the molecules , isotopic exchange reactions between elemental halogens and the corresponding carbon tetrahalides would appear to offer particularly fruitful possibilities for obtaining unambiguous basic kinetic data . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the point of view of word formation real might be expected to have two syllables . (Filtered Words: 0)
Muscle weakness is now recognized as an uncommon though serious complication of steroid therapy , with most of the synthetic adrenal corticosteroids in clinical use . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly he grinned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Less personal salesmanship . (Filtered Words: 0)
From shock and incredulity , most of the listeners went on to open resistance and animosity . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the use of the supernatural that kept them in business . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feathertop inquired , lounging against the freight's vibrating wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you plan to limit additional holidays to area and/or industrial patterns ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The patient himself denied that he had any visual imagery at all ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As mad as ever . (Filtered Words: 0)
Line ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Her extendibles were diverted , connected or augmented and the final , delicate-beyond-description brain taps were completed while [FILTERED] remained anesthetically unaware of the proceedings . (Filtered Words: 1)
After all , [FILTERED] was an established poet and his work had been published in the respectable periodicals of that center of American culture , Boston . (Filtered Words: 1)
flux gain of a single stage (Filtered Words: 0)
( Farrell did -- and [FILTERED] led the team to victory in the Little World Series . (Filtered Words: 1)
There's better things to do than listen to something like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
One should be able to get hold of the book at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The public atmosphere that has been generated which makes acceptance of this law a possibility stems from the disrepute into which the labor movement has fallen as a result of Mr. [FILTERED]'s hearings into corruption in labor-management relations and , later , into the jurisdictional squabbles that plagued industrial relations at the missile sites . (Filtered Words: 1)
Readers of the Reader's Digest are familiar with such items which often appear in its lists of verbal slips , like the ad in a California paper that advertised `` House for rent . (Filtered Words: 0)
It should be enough to say that the practice of the state buying automobiles is at least forty years old . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] killer acted this way , catching up with him was going to be a cinch . (Filtered Words: 1)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
the sly female cowbirds took instant advantage of nests without sentinels . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parents are asked in the bulletin to send packages of treats consisting of fruit and nuts , but no candy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shivered . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] , `` imitation '' is twice removed from reality , being a poor copy of physical appearance , which in itself is a poor copy of ideal essence . (Filtered Words: 1)
Maybe it's a good thing it happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] told Moscow he would give his answer by May 20 after consultation with the Allies . (Filtered Words: 1)
Based on this phenomenon , a number of investigators have used this method to `` look through '' human organs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The saline and albumin tests were performed as described for the ABO samples except that the mixture was incubated for 1 hr at 37-degrees-C before centrifugation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was frightened ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
By no means . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ludie screeched at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Teaching the handicapped (Filtered Words: 0)
It is ironic that Washington is having to struggle so for a concept that for six years it bypassed as unreasonable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ship halted . (Filtered Words: 0)
He darkened under his heavy burn . (Filtered Words: 0)
In repetitions of the experiment from couple to couple , the votes of the two persons in a couple probably agree more often than independence would imply , because couples who visit the museum together are more likely to have similar tastes than are a random pair of people drawn from the entire population of visitors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each cell except the last in the chain also contains the address of the Y-cell that is the next element of the chain ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He made himself back off slowly , his eyes wary on [FILTERED] , who now had no more to lose than he . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here the women learn to keep house as maids ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mahzeer , of course , would be desolate . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first instance , `` mimesis '' is here used to mean the recalling of experience in terms of vivid images rather than in terms of abstract ideas or conventional designations . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't be smart . (Filtered Words: 0)
Connally amendment's repeal held step toward world order (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ever lived in a boxcar ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Biological agents are , of course , highly host-specific . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drill a No. 47 hole crosswise through the tappet at the position shown in Figs. 7 and 8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I ought to '' -- he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well you can pose inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was trapped . (Filtered Words: 0)
She became aware that two Italian workmen , carrying a large azalea pot , were standing before her and wanted her to move so that they could begin arranging a new row of the display . (Filtered Words: 0)
The subject of immortality brings to mind a vivid incident which took place in 1929 at Montreux in Switzerland . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clerk's eyes flickered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it necessary to add to the other tensions the hazard of making the loving husband the one who brought pain to his bride ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Softly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most intriguing aspect of the S & W Magnum chambered for the new Jet is that it can also fire standard (Filtered Words: 0)
yet was never caught up in it -- never a slave to its academic dialectics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he noticed that the dry wood of the wheels had swollen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early in her life she had discovered that where there were men , there was money , and with the two came luxury and liquor . (Filtered Words: 0)
He held the razor well out to one side . (Filtered Words: 0)
She then described her experience as one in which she first had difficulty accepting for herself a state of being in which she relinquished control . (Filtered Words: 0)
This isn't true of the many homemakers of the 1960's , according to decorator consultant , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Oh , you could . (Filtered Words: 0)
Temperatures of the shield and of the surface of the water-cooled anode holder were measured by thermocouples to account for heat received by the coolant but not originating from the anode plug . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't even noticed -- what was his name ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( These enzyme preparations appear on today's feed tags as fermentation extracts of Bacillus subtilis , Apergillus orzae , Niger , and Flavus . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prokofieff was guided in a consistent direction by the life of his own people -- by the compass of their national ideas . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same rule of specialization and division of labor guides him in the FELA certiorari cases , in the administrative law area , and indeed in the whole realm of judicial review . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made a sound of despair deep in his throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 20-to-1 ratio for cochannel interference embodies one of the fundamental limiting principles which we must always take into account in AM assignments and allocations -- that signals from a particular station are potential sources of objectionable interference over an area much greater than that within which they provide useful service . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no evidence , either of a positive or negative type , of the actions of a Divine Being in this world ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
she had on her Easter suit , blue , with lavender binding . (Filtered Words: 0)
My last gift to him is complete silence until the book is out and the first heated discussion dies down . (Filtered Words: 0)
You about ready '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That was one of the things she liked about Stanley . (Filtered Words: 0)
That meant `` Mama wants you Quint . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three seconds flat is the usual time , and the space is crossed by moderate mileage , while the overwhelming immensity of such journeys must be conceived as a static pulsation through an enormous number of coexistent frequencies which perpetuate all events . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
in camp he knew it won you the affection of your men . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps things were even worse then . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grosse spread his hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's somewhat off the beaten track , to be sure , but therein lies its variety and charm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Congratulations on the article `` Do We Need A College Of Propaganda '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It will , however , inhibit the sprouting of potatoes and other root vegetables . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was getting the feel of the room for a concert tomorrow night for Puerto Rico Governor [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , the railroad's president , said , `` A drastic decline in freight loading due principally to the severe slump in the movement of heavy goods has necessitated this regrettable action '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Why , Winston '' , she'd cry , `` I just now saw you eating it out of the jar '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Who ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
An Emory spokesman indicated , however , that the university itself did not intend to make any test of the laws . (Filtered Words: 0)
George did not reply . (Filtered Words: 0)
he had not known it until asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
The air conditioning and ventilating systems of large buildings are subject to attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
In spending his money today , the consumer is pulled in many directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Haven't the faintest , Captain '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You mean a game with cards '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Captain [FILTERED]'s renovated schooner with the flamboyant name Unsinkable had just left Porto Vecchio with a cargo of badly-needed olive oil for the Sorrentine's civilian population . (Filtered Words: 1)
Issue no. 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
others were of men doffing their hats to each other , carrying umbrellas with pomp , reading newspapers , or simply showing loaves of bread spread out . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was not sure how much of this desire was due to his devotion to the church and how much was his own ego , demanding to be satisfied , for the two were intertwined and could not be separated . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll just leave the door open . (Filtered Words: 0)
That Aristotelean-Thomistic principle experienced a thorough going-over from a number of the participants , but in the end the concept came to reassert itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The car door crashed shut . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the right does not exist to raise the wages of the mechanic by any forced and artificial means '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went back to work Monday . (Filtered Words: 0)
he must have slept again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan demanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cops would gather up Connor and the foursome on the third floor and bring us those of them who would voluntarily submit to fingerprinting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Status-roles . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
To determine car speed for a given combination of engine speed , gear ratio , and tire size , the formula is : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish you was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
it was demonstrated , many critics would later point out , in the length of his novels . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though versatile and capable of turning out a ballad lyric with the best of them , [FILTERED]'s forte is a highly polished quasi-folk wit . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then , after I'm back , another fifty so you can put some mileage on yourself and have a solid alibi somewhere while I take care of your seat cover boy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was just another freighter from the States , and she seemed as commonplace as her name . (Filtered Words: 0)
I take the central meaning here to be the contrast between the drab empty quality of life without literature and a life enriched by it . (Filtered Words: 0)
At meter wave lengths an increase of the order of 10-degrees in the average disk temperatures of the nearer planets would be expected . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shelter in apartment buildings (Filtered Words: 0)
He is , first and foremost , a defender of public morals , a servant of society . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even so , many of the things that happened to [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] seem inordinately severe . (Filtered Words: 2)
Australites ( tektites from Australia ) give the appearance of a second melting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Needless to say , I was furious at this unparalleled intrusion upon free enterprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he refused to be anything else . (Filtered Words: 0)
and [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] of nineteenth century American letters . (Filtered Words: 2)
Take my word , can't you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Friday afternoon the Rev. [FILTERED] was reelected for his second consecutive two-year term as general superintendent of Assemblies of God . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fair enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Distances of less than 10 inches are not recommended . (Filtered Words: 0)
These changes were more marked in the atrophic right kidney than in the left . (Filtered Words: 0)
It took him nearly an hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe you know him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] seldom spoke anyhow and he didn't speak to his parents about religion again . (Filtered Words: 1)
I don't know if I can get you into the inner camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was perpetually engaged in a battle to command his own temper . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's fun , and it's easy -- so easy that there is time left after cooking , and tent keeping , for the women to get out and enjoy outdoor fun with their families . (Filtered Words: 0)
the balanced use of recreation , hunting , and fishing areas ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The West has no intention of attacking Russia . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fools '' , he bayed , `` what do you think you are doing '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You certainly can't expect the infield to do any better than it did last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
To deal with principles (Filtered Words: 0)
At best only an approximation could be arrived at . (Filtered Words: 0)
the art of preprinting in distortion was similarly perfected by the sign makers ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This might put [FILTERED] in such a bad light before a court that [FILTERED] would be awarded [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 3)
Felix took us into his studio . (Filtered Words: 0)
Up to now , [FILTERED] had been looking for trouble , and now that he was trying to get away from it , trouble started looking for him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The meat wagon , therefore , was not out in front of the house any more , but the cluster of squad cars was still there and there was a cop on the door downstairs to screen any comings and goings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consequently , the system giving area coverage ( if such coverage is less than world wide ) must be flexible and hence at least partially mobile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Generally , it is necessary to mark distances on a specimen ( or garment ) in both lengthwise and widthwise directions and to measure before and after laundering . (Filtered Words: 0)
While I was sitting at one of the rewrite telephones with my derby and my great beard , Arthur Brisbane whizzed in with some editorial copy in his hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` . (Filtered Words: 0)
They roll at night in ashes to keep warm and their second skin has a light dusty cast to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly the sufferings of Hamlet , Othello , or Phedre engage the fortunes of the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was one vote for location being the place where the property is situated for the greater portion of the twelve months preceding the assessment date . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most gratifying applications of an important technique of submarine detection is in the exploration of the human body . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yesterday , I had the privilege of reading a thoughtful article in the U.S. News & World Report of May 8 which discussed this type of action in more detail , including both its advantages and its disadvantages . (Filtered Words: 0)
A hundred years ago I would have worn a beard with pride . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a host of dark horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was not bored at all ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Cloud made an interesting statement in parting from his client : `` I wanted to be a lawyer , and Mrs. [FILTERED] wanted me to be an avenging angel . (Filtered Words: 1)
So , too , is the mathematical competence of a college graduate who has majored in mathematics . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked at him in surprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a kind of friendliness and frankness of address toward the audience which we have been led to believe was peculiar to the American ballet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although he questions the extent and nature of the alleged revival of religion and the alleged increase in conformity , and thinks that `` hedonistic '' present-time orientation does not have the meaning usually attributed to it , he does conclude that Americans increasingly enjoy leisure without guilt , do not stress achievement so much as formerly , are more accepting of group harmony as a goal , more tolerant of diversity and aware of other cultures . (Filtered Words: 0)
We seemed to be drowsing , sadly , soberly , in the cold , cold air while the snow fell . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the advantages of this method is that the `` pill '' can remain in the patient for several days , permitting observation under natural conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cappy looked down at his wide hands , and did not reply . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Rockies have many `` Aspencades '' , which are organized tours of the aspen areas with frequent stops at vantage points for viewing the golden panoramas . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the period , the laboratory rendered centralized macropathological service to qualified requesters . (Filtered Words: 0)
12 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , it had to be tried . (Filtered Words: 0)
In contrast , a metal coupon Af in size would have a magnitude from 100,000 to a million less . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let Af where the maximization is over all admissible policies Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Black and white is her favorite color combination along with lively glowing pinks , reds , blues and greens . (Filtered Words: 0)
The action of the Commission in allowing or denying any claim under this title shall be final and conclusive on all questions of law and fact and not subject to review by the Secretary of State or any other official , department , agency , or establishment of the United States or by any court by mandamus or otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because his mind had been otherwise occupied for the past couple of hours , he did not think to look and see if [FILTERED] car was still there . (Filtered Words: 1)
Poet shook his head , sliding his face mask up on his forehead . (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] the result obtained in item 3 above by the amount used for each State in item 1 above . (Filtered Words: 1)
I sat where I could watch the exit and realized I was hungry . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The crystallization of copolymers comprising Af units interspersed with a minor percentage of Af is limited by the inability of the crystal lattice characteristic of the former to accommodate the bulky side group of the latter . (Filtered Words: 0)
To what extent and in what ways did Christianity affect the United States of America in the nineteenth century ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His bridgework or his plates feel loose and monstrous . (Filtered Words: 0)
In May 1960 , the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology began a series of articles on the `` Medical Museum '' , and in June , the Institute started contributing a regular monthly `` Case For Diagnosis '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is owned by [FILTERED] , Milwaukee , Wis. , who , according to the railbirds , can feel justly proud of her . (Filtered Words: 1)
Let us look in on one of these nerve centers -- SAC at Omaha -- and see what must still happen before a wing of B-52 bombers could drop their Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
The scholarship plan would provide federal contributions to each medical and dental school equal to $1,500 a year for one-fourth of the first year students . (Filtered Words: 0)
But yes , nineteen plus thirty was forty-nine , and she was forty-nine and she had been married at nineteen . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) hydrogen atoms are asymmetrically placed , either randomly or in an ordered way , so that some hydrogen atoms are closer to the upper oxygen atoms while others are closer to the lower oxygen atoms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , riding in for some lusty enjoyment of the liquor and professional ladies of [FILTERED] , he laid claim to the killing with the vague insinuations he made . (Filtered Words: 1)
I can see it from this window where I write . (Filtered Words: 0)
No clear motivation . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the hardest chores a detective has is hanging around on a city street , trying to make himself inconspicuous , keeping an eye on the entrance of an office building and waiting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , he had liked the way she had looked , in a fresh , neat cotton dress -- citron yellow , if he remembered . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
To that question the answer is simple ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now did [FILTERED] truly become the man of the hour , and everything that followed in the procedure of Justice was a new triumph for him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The fact that even the larger letters weighed only 5 lb. each made it possible to secure the letters to the building through clear acrylic angle brackets cemented to the letters . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked , between wheezes of laughter . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the business of cosmologists , the scientists who study the nature and structure of the universe , to try to solve the great cosmic mysteries by using keys that have clicked open other doors . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we need not mind too much , because Mr. [FILTERED] has expressed it through movement that is diverting and clever almost all the way . (Filtered Words: 1)
In fact , he often disappeared , from time to time , -- off to paint the sea , aboard a dragger out from [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` [FILTERED] and myself will try to cut out horses to ride '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Spread your vacation period over the widest possible span of time or shut the plant down for two weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED]'s words recalled [FILTERED] to his lack of fitness for courting . (Filtered Words: 2)
Strong hands move first ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Pa'd been shit-sick in that pot . (Filtered Words: 0)
They suspect it plays a role in the production of adrenal hormones , and they believe it is essential to the transport of fats throughout the circulatory system . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is there anything else you want to know '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It sure as hell doesn't look like it , does it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As mentioned , the allocation of AM stations represents a balance between protection against interference and the provision of opportunity for an adequate number of stations . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time as a musician . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ridiculing a child for being afraid or forcing him to meet the feared situation alone are poor ways of dealing with the problem ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] : (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] would not rise to his mood . (Filtered Words: 1)
The AID has undertaken the redecoration of the White House library as a project in connection with the work being done by First Lady [FILTERED]'s Fine Arts Advisory Committee to secure antiques for the presidential home . (Filtered Words: 1)
More than half the audience departed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here's what I wrote '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Watch closely while browning them , as it doesn't take long . (Filtered Words: 0)
The prospects look great . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] careened backward , his back arched , fought for balance and , failing , stumbled against the newel post at the foot of the stairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
For cooling , chilled water is circulated instead of hot water . (Filtered Words: 0)
Photographing in the Northeast (Filtered Words: 0)
The four , bundled in overcoats , mounted to the wind-swept roof of the U.N. (Filtered Words: 0)
Wall panels and structural timbers are standard as are windows and doors , making for a minimum of cutting . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the collapse of that desperate and ill-fated campaign the character of the king degenerated for a time into a futility that was not merely pitiable but often ridiculous . (Filtered Words: 0)
The data show daily and diurnal variations . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We are back with the ' Met ' again now that the ' Met ' is back in Chicago '' , bulletins Mrs. [FILTERED] , president of the women's board of the University of Chicago Cancer Research Foundation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Franny and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Materials and methods (Filtered Words: 0)
Paredon ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In one-shot , the isocyanate , polyester or polyether resin , catalyst , and other additives are mixed directly and a foam is produced immediately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Summers pulled up short , and turned around . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] was in the shop '' , the Herald Tribune story related , `` but was reluctant to have anybody's picture taken inside , because his business was too ' confidential ' for pictures . (Filtered Words: 1)
To be sure , the capital investments in ( or , alternatively , the estimated `` fair values '' of ) the plant and equipment are apportioned among the different classes , as are also the gross revenues received from the sales of the different services . (Filtered Words: 0)
For we have said , in effect , that of the two alternatives to his position variously represented by the other participants in the demythologizing discussion , only one is really an alternative . (Filtered Words: 0)
To date , at least , the strategy of the AWOC has been selective ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Geographic shift of customers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a Whig history of the `` Tory reaction '' which preceded the Reform Bill of 1832 , and it uses the figure of Grey to give some unity to the narrative . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were both discouraged , disgusted and miserable . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a witness at court was asked if he had been kicked in the ensuing rumpus , he replied , `` No , it was in the stomach '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , for this week , but they wasn't due 'till Saturday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such mannerisms would be less worthy of remark , were it not that in Great Expectations , as in no other of [FILTERED]' novels , hands serve as a leitmotif of plot and theme -- a kind of unifying symbol or natural metaphor for the book's complex of human interrelationships and the values and attitudes that motivate them . (Filtered Words: 1)
Among other things it means perception , discrimination , sensitivity to subtle differences . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us suppose that the animal did not in fact fall into the trap and did not suffer at all , but that we mistakenly believe it did , and say as before that its suffering was an evil thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Procaine penicillin . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , I am aware that my recoil could be interpreted by readers of the tea leaves at the bottom of my psyche as an incestuous sign , since theirs is a science of paradox : if one hates , they say it is because one loves ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is more than that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gazing too long at the scenery could be tiring , so halts were contrived between meals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Improves utilization of low-moisture corn ( less than 14% ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no apparent comprehension of morality ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The hired man ran over to help his boss . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is , for example , a stunning Krakowiak that closes the first act ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Berto knew all about Fascism . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] learned too much about air combat , and air killing , to be risked . (Filtered Words: 1)
Qui s'excuse s'accuse , as the French Jewish intellectuals used to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
The low clouds made bombing difficult . (Filtered Words: 0)
( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Planning division (Filtered Words: 0)
Late in the afternoon , I was up on Seven again . (Filtered Words: 0)
He almost broke into tears . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then think of Delaware Bay and the ocean and you see that we have a supply of power for millions of years to come . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American Registry Of Pathology (Filtered Words: 0)
No , they must look the other way and climb one more painful step up the ladder . (Filtered Words: 0)
This dissatisfaction led to Howsam's request that the video not be terminated before the end of the game . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every morning early , in the summer , we searched the trunks of the trees as high as we could reach for the locust shells , carefully detached their hooked claws from the bark where they hung , and stabled them , a weird faery herd , in an angle between the high roots of the tulip tree , where no grass grew in the dense shade . (Filtered Words: 0)
The value of the farm to you will depend on -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Nonresidential at $253,355,000 , up 22 per cent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The body , senses and brain , in common with all matter , have their counterpart on each of a countless number of frequencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Average manufacturer frequently has helped build private brand business , delivering largely the same qualities and styles in private brand merchandise as in branded . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a boy in a local school he was shy and solitary , absorbed in his fondness for nature and his visions of Sweden's ancient glory . (Filtered Words: 0)
The anode ablation could be reduced to a negligible amount . (Filtered Words: 0)
Continuation cards (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1949 the Dixiecrats escaped unscathed after their 1948 rebellion against [FILTERED] , and in 1957 , after Congressman [FILTERED] campaigned for [FILTERED] in 1956 , his fellow Democrats did not touch his committee assignments , although they did strip him temporarily of his patronage . (Filtered Words: 3)
Now he has abandoned all that to be A Writer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bed isn't made , but you'll find plenty of blankets there '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The housekeeping problems of living in a shelter will begin as soon as the shelter is occupied . (Filtered Words: 0)
An action once universally condemned by all Christian churches and forbidden by the civil law is now not only approved by the overwhelming majority of Protestant denominations , but also deemed , at certain times , to be a positive religious duty . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' -- said Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nine of the league's teams play in baseball parks and therefore face an early-season conflict in dates . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- History of the Church ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was an active character ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Once on the road ( and especially if the passengers were all regulars and masculine ) , the schedule meant nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clean the place up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of types of message listed in Table 1 , commands and statements are the only ones sent through the vertical network shown in Figure 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The request for lower rates originated with the Southern railway , which has spent a good deal of time and money developing a 100-ton hopper car with which it says it can move grain at about half what it costs in the conventional , smaller car . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has measured the skinfolds ( the fleshy areas under the shoulder blades ) of Neapolitan firemen , studied the metabolism of Finnish woodcutters , analyzed the `` mealie-meal '' eaten by Capetown coloreds , and experimented on Minneapolis businessmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
The early Anchorite masters attracted disciples because of their presumed ability to perform miracles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dogs were tired . (Filtered Words: 0)
In or out , should I kiss her goodnight ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was plain as the nose on your face that they're laughing about it , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Both had eager and inquiring minds ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , [FILTERED] would have to toss in the towel soon anyway . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] had one that increased from 19-1/2 inches to 5 feet 3 inches in five years , and [FILTERED] records a growth of from less than 4 feet to nearly 10 in about six years . (Filtered Words: 2)
Judge [FILTERED] was named chairman of the executive committee . (Filtered Words: 1)
With regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article 2 , of the Agreement , the understanding of the Government of the United States of America , with respect to both paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) of Article 2 , is as follows : ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
not like the cracker-box construction of so many of the motel units that have stucco all over the outside but walls that are thin enough so you can hear every movement of the people in the adjoining apartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they do not strip . (Filtered Words: 0)
Officials estimated the combined programs would cost 5.1 million dollars the first year and would go up to 21 millions by 1966 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Chinese , North Vietnamese and North Koreans , on the other hand , feel that , militarily , Russia is strong enough to support them in the `` just wars of liberation '' they would like to embark on before long : with China attacking Formosa and the North Koreans and North Vietnamese liberating the southern half of their respective countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
The suburban high school , it is worth noting , also is not a widely comprehensive high school because of the absence of vocational programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alec promptly removed the gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
it must be flexible enough to allow for technological breakthroughs , scientific progress , and changes in world conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tension (Filtered Words: 0)
The method of selection Fromm uses achieves exactly that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tilghman flung himself aside , dropped on one knee and pulled his own gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
It should be kept in mind that the ease or difficulty with which a town or city can convert to the proposed plan is directly dependent upon the financial condition of that town or city . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the time came when a church that had no part in the missionary movement was looked upon as deficient in its essential life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , it did seem clear as day to these clergymen , as [FILTERED]'s son explained in the biography of his father , they had always contended for the propriety of their claim to the title of Christians . (Filtered Words: 1)
The cynicism was back in her eyes , a bitter wisdom , and I wondered if forty were not so far wrong after all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Took me 19 years to become Chief of our three man police force . (Filtered Words: 0)
You ought to know that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I just hope this happens to you someday '' , said [FILTERED] , who was not at his best . (Filtered Words: 1)
around the hole , blood glistened in a little patch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stained with [FILTERED]'s ceramic unfired stain , polished , following manufacturer's directions . (Filtered Words: 1)
She left the next day for her teaching job at Princeton , Illinois . (Filtered Words: 0)
Varani has been fired on charges of accepting gifts from the contractor . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't mind at all '' , he said , delighted with her attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
This land is in various stages of development in several locations throughout the town . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Wally got sick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proper follow-through requires training your own sales organization , and your distributor organizations , not only in the techniques but also in good customer relations . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fiscal year 1959 , the Medical Museum was moved to Chase Hall , a temporary building on Independence Avenue at Ninth Street , Southwest , and continued to display to the public the achievements of the Armed Forces Medical Services . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In the kitchen '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apart from the aged care plan the President's most ambitious and costly proposals were for federal scholarships , and grants to build or enlarge medical and dental schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Great interest and practical help have been given by the Barker Index Committee . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the same way he pantomimed grasping a mantel and bouncing cleanly off that , pressing his hands against the floor and bouncing cleanly off that . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was sick of it . (Filtered Words: 1)
State is expected to arrange the touring Cicero's foreign itinerary ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But for the start of the Santa Cruz run , the whip fell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Houston police got to know [FILTERED] two years ago when the vice squad picked her up for questioning about a call girl ring . (Filtered Words: 1)
This brings us to the question of accreditation of art schools in general . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he was asking himself the usual early morning questions : What the Hell am I doin here ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In all the bitter in-fighting , the squabbles over election procedures , the complicated numbers game that East and West played on the assistant secretaries' theme , the gentleman from Burma showed himself both as a man of principle and a skilled diplomat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't plan meals that are too complicated . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be hard to find anything more equivocal than : `` I cannot recommend him too highly '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You and me both , dear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly the lash stopped fighting the air and she heard Pile of Clouds say in his high , quavering voice : (Filtered Words: 0)
In the end , however , the thing about this performance that is most striking is the way it sings . (Filtered Words: 0)
So if a green stud makes a carpenter or a drywall finisher or anybody else waste even 20 seconds , the green stud becomes more expensive than a dry stud . (Filtered Words: 0)
He refuses to believe that the bandit chief never attended a higher institution . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you still have The Book of the Dead '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Consequently , if for any reason the hypothalamic excitability falls below the physiological level , the lessened hypothalamic-cortical discharges lead to a diminished state of activity in the cortex with consequent reduction in the cortico-fugal discharges . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sheriff was occupied with maneuvering the car around in a very narrow space . (Filtered Words: 0)
Department stores congregated in the `` one hundred per cent location '' , where all the transit lines converged . (Filtered Words: 0)
I reached my hand toward him to put it inside his shirt to feel for a heartbeat , but [FILTERED] said `` Wait '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
and those of us who so richly benefit from it should be the last to despise it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though sex in some form or other enters into all human activity and it was a good thing that Freud emphasized this aspect of human nature , it is fantastic to explain everything in terms of sex . (Filtered Words: 0)
Human birth was no novelty to Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Master [FILTERED] , having foully abused high and low at Aquidneck is now bewitching and bemaddening poor Providence , both with his unclean and foul censures of all the ministers of this country ( for which myself have in Christ's name withstood him ) , and also denying all visible and external ordinances in depth of Familism : almost all suck in his poison , as at first they did at Aquidneck . (Filtered Words: 1)
But if no two lines of the regulus of multiple secants of **zg can intersect , then the regulus must be quadratic , or in other words , **zg must be either a Af or a Af curve on a nonsingular quadric surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am convinced of this , that he who has begun a good work in you will bring it to perfection until the day of Christ Jesus . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 1958 town meeting directed town authorities to seek federal and state funds with which to conduct a preliminary survey of a proposed sewage plant with its attendant facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another common cure was to soak the feet five or ten minutes in warm water , then to apply a solution of equal parts of soda and common brown soap on a kid bandage overnight . (Filtered Words: 0)
His statistical record that year , when Texas won only one game and lost nine , was far from impressive : he carried the ball three times for a net gain of 10 yards , punted once for 39 yards and caught one pass for 13 yards . (Filtered Words: 0)
D . (Filtered Words: 0)
index words 97 through 99 are not available . (Filtered Words: 0)
A135 donated (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's all I ask '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Initial considerations (Filtered Words: 0)
His voice seemed thick and purposeless . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , his young wife , the girl who was both daughter and wife to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The shutter aperture may be made larger or smaller by changing the foil area and adjusting the electrical energy input to the foil . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you considered gradual withdrawal of subsidies to your in-plant feeding operation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There are many possibilities , including poor circulation , a variety of neurological conditions , and functional disorders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then we have surviving at least one instance of a poem prepared for another , in Naturam non Pati Senium , and perhaps also the De Idea Platonica . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the f-plane the coordinates of the corresponding point are Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
they are preoccupied with ending labor abuses by extending the anti-monopoly laws to the unions . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can forget about Brenner , too '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
a poor attempt to write an idiomatic jazz concerto ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Boy , you ain't fooling nobody but yourself '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has not been a well-known school for any part of the span the other Ivies have enjoyed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The General Assembly , which adjourns today , has performed in an atmosphere of crisis and struggle from the day it convened . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Uh -- sorry '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
and a quadrillion peas would fill all the buildings in the city of Philadelphia . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this handsome booby , staring and sweating , was he her bridegroom ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But if it is important , what can we do to improve ourselves ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They said that we must not fight but wait for the Messiah '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Relationship of Anxiety to compulsivity (Filtered Words: 0)
There wasn't much light in the blue dark , but I could see her well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frame (Filtered Words: 0)
neither did he care that Aunt Rose provided for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had begun to tell Lucien of Emile , she had begun to question and a little draft had crept across the room from the bedroom door , open barely enough to show a rim of blackness in the hall . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nick's body became rigid . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was able to make a detailed inspection of the waves . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
While a hazy part of my mind concentrated on swimming down , a clear part sorted over recent events , among them my only positive act in a long time . (Filtered Words: 0)
And nothing would be done about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
To him life was a restless boredom that began with the rising sun and ended only with sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
You don't head back down again . (Filtered Words: 0)
If `` [FILTERED] the Courtier '' is really to be taken as Swift , the following remark is obviously Steele's comment on Swift's change of parties and its effect on their friendship : `` I assure you , dear [FILTERED] , when I first found out such an Allay in you , as makes you of so malleable a Constitution , that you may be worked into any Form an Artificer pleases , I foresaw I should not enjoy your Favour much longer '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Section 7 is designed to arrest in its incipiency not only the substantial lessening of competition from the acquisition by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation , but also to arrest in their incipiency restraints or monopolies in a relevant market which , as a reasonable probability , appear at the time of suit likely to result from the acquisition by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
This negative explanation of courtesy on the freeways , however , does an injustice to Southern California drivers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other constituents in a built detergent assist in this and in the removal of dirty stains and the hydrophilic sticky or dried soils . (Filtered Words: 0)
As in the United States , there is a flat fee-per-day rental charge plus a few cents per kilometer driven , and the per-day rate drops if the car is retained for a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
It reported that he now devoted only some 6-1/2 hours per month to public preaching and from 20 to 25 hours per month to church activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a British bomb . (Filtered Words: 0)
And Mr. [FILTERED] didn't like [FILTERED] , but what with [FILTERED] and three of his boys inside , and not likely to come out -- And [FILTERED] such a valuable salesman , [FILTERED] said -- All the nuisance and danger of getting in touch with practically a whole new bunch of boys -- Why did everything have to happen at once ? ? (Filtered Words: 4)
A trap for throwing these miniature clays fastens to the barrel so that the shooter can throw his own targets . (Filtered Words: 0)
The need for and the way to achieve a Christian home will be stressed in special services marking National Christian Family Week in Miami area churches next week . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the anniversary of her sixteenth year in her shell , [FILTERED] was unconditionally graduated and installed in her ship , the Aj . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] meanwhile learned that several of her fellow students had collected almost $25 for her family during the lunch hour yesterday at Fuhrmann Junior High School , 5155 Fourteen Mile road east . (Filtered Words: 1)
Outputs of the two systems are measured by a pulse-timing circuit and a resistance bridge , followed by a simple analogue computer which feeds a multichannel recorder . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I wish I had three wishes '' , Maggie said . (Filtered Words: 0)
She didn't sound like a pale girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
Already he could feel [FILTERED]'s questioning eyes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her temper sparked like charcoal when it first lights up . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Remember the French railroad baron who was going to take me floating down the Nile '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What of his treatment of the Jew in The Merchant Of Venice ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Acting soothed him . (Filtered Words: 0)
If desired , sprinkle with 1 teaspoon drained crushed pineapple . (Filtered Words: 0)
only one box car in eight has the wide doors needed for unit loads ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
-- If there are outside windows in the basement corner where you build a shelter , they should be shielded as shown in the Appendix , page 29 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In parts a repeated sponging was needed , but everywhere we found that water alone was enough to restore the original brightness . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't want her back on that broken record . (Filtered Words: 0)
They learn how to take care of children and sick members of the family . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was frowning . (Filtered Words: 0)
So strenuous it was physically , with its days of horseback riding over rough roads that it seems an amazing feat of endurance for both Miss Packard and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
One is so accustomed to think of men as the privileged who need but ask and receive , and women as submissive and yielding , that our sympathies are usually enlisted on the side of the man whose love is not returned , and we condemn the woman as a coquette . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How come your bows is always cockeyed '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The director's office . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] headed up one of the four groups that went on simultaneous tours after the Gallery had closed at 5 p.m. . (Filtered Words: 1)
I worked on the Schuylkill Expressway and if it had not been for the big trucks carrying rock and concrete there wouldn't be an Expressway . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the process of refusing to think about it was an active reminder in itself and he couldn't rid himself of a consciousness of it throughout the day . (Filtered Words: 0)
The handwriting is on the wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
At once . (Filtered Words: 0)
He merely said , `` Any good decorator these days can make you a tasteful home '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Young Morris , who , while attending the University of Pennsylvania , also taught and edited a paper , found time to write Henrietta twenty-page letters on everything that engaged his interest , from the acting of [FILTERED] in Philadelphia to his reactions to the comments of `` Sulamith '' on the Jewish reform movement being promulgated by the Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati . (Filtered Words: 1)
Geocentricism per se ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
However , Af adsorbs water from the atmosphere and this may account for the low chromium analysis and high total weight loss . (Filtered Words: 0)
but even in that famous passage , [FILTERED] was aiming not at the theatricals as such but at their performance by ' persons either enter'd , or presently to enter into the ministry . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ernie was screaming inside himself : No , damn you , you ain't gonna take my meal ticket away from me ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
An amateur decorator might try her hand at a pair during the long winter evenings , and , by picking up her living room color scheme , add a decorative do-it-yourself note to the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
as he crossed through the courtyard he regretted it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The administration could not say why $28 million was needed for a grant-in-aid program . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it's hard to imagine Mr. [FILTERED] as a Nobel laureate on the basis of these charming but not really momentous fables . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- As an aid in reducing incidence and severity of bloat , provide 75 milligrams of oxytetracycline hydrochloride per animal daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
15 pounds lighter (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather , such assignments are made , as they must be , on the basis of certain overall rules and standards , representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem , taking into account for each situation some of the variables ( e.g. , power and station separations ) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The success of the project depended upon Fiedler's flight . (Filtered Words: 0)
We feel that The Detroit News is to be complimented upon arranging for articles on these subjects and we hope that it will continue to provide material along wholesome lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
They come in crisp basket weaves in natural honey hues , along with lacey open weaves with a lustre finish in natural , white , black and a whole range of colors . (Filtered Words: 0)
They caused my love for Jessica to become warmer and at the same time more hopeless , as if my adolescent self knew that only torment would ever bring me the courage to ask to see her again . (Filtered Words: 0)
So is that of the limber company of lasses who whirl and glide and quickstep under [FILTERED] expert choreographic direction . (Filtered Words: 1)
It also makes a fine introduction to the international art form with good examples of Italian and English madrigals plus several French `` chansons '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is outstanding in type and conformation -- good body , plenty of heart girth , stands straight on his legs on excellent feet -- and has the smoothest gait . (Filtered Words: 1)
When she came back Eugenia was sitting at the kitchen table with a pencil and envelope jotting down words and figures . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are often told that the [FILTERED] has , unfortunately , life-contracts with old actors who are both mediocre and lazy , drawing their pay without much acting but probably doing real service to the [FILTERED] by staying off the stage . (Filtered Words: 2)
It gave her propriety . (Filtered Words: 0)
he felt he was noting it , as if it were something he might think about when he grew stronger . (Filtered Words: 0)
today there are 48,500 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] certainly wanted to tell people about the ruin and disorder of the world . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nursing home care (Filtered Words: 0)
It turned out to be a life of [FILTERED] , of all things ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] examined everything with critical care , seeking something material to blame for his son's illness . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
The car ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Something all of them would regret . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contrary to these expectations we have found it impossible to obtain the degree of reproducibility one would wish , even with extensive efforts to prepare especially pure reagents . (Filtered Words: 0)
If it were not for an old professor who made me read the classics I would have been stymied on what to do , and now I understand why they are classics ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` One , modern equipment -- much of it supplied under the Marshall Plan -- enables Fiat to turn out 2,100 cars a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
If mankind could be convinced of that (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Think continentally '' , [FILTERED] counseled the young nation . (Filtered Words: 1)
and now rockets have given it the means to destroy itself in minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
This colt is another fine-looking equine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oedipus and Lear attain similar insights by virtue of similar blindness . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was a bull of a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , depending on availability of dietary iodine , thyroglobulin may contain varying quantities of iodine . (Filtered Words: 0)
I must say , however , that I preferred the acting that had something of a biting edge to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
$85 by 1986 , and $90 thereafter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recently I was struck anew by the divergent approaches , when in the course of one afternoon and evening I listened to no fewer than ten different performances . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is clear that patterns of stress sometimes show construction unambiguously in the spoken language where without the help of context it would be ambiguous in the written . (Filtered Words: 0)
they were struck out with remarks in red ink , denouncing both the cooks and the management . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this latest addition to the Great Letters Series , under the general editorship of [FILTERED] , Miss [FILTERED] has made a selection which admirably displays the variety of [FILTERED]'s genius , not to mention the felicities of his style . (Filtered Words: 3)
the protection of forage , timber , and wildlife resources from fire , insects , and disease ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked by the townsmen to cease his suit , [FILTERED] had answered that `` hytt shulde coste hym 500 first & sayed it must be tried ether before my [FILTERED] in the countrey or his uncle Ffortescue in the exchequer with whom he colde more prevaile then we '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Then , six weeks after the day Kitti first came into the office , Stanley announced he and Kitti were married . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the pool's far end was the little cabana [FILTERED] had mentioned , and on the water's surface floated scattered lavender patches of limp-looking lather . (Filtered Words: 1)
It contracts with outside repair garages for much of the latter work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sturdy and strong after more than a century of continuous use , the old covered , wooden bridge that spans the Tygartis Valley River at Philippi will have a distinctive part in the week-long observance of the first land battle of the Civil War at its home site , May 28th to June 3rd . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next morning , they moved on again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moving around camp we saw all kinds of camp stoves , lanterns , coolers , bedding , games , fishing tackle , windbreaks and sunshades . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She's been talking about a picture '' , [FILTERED] had told him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Prevot had said that the searchlights would be bounced off the clouds at 2230 hours , `` which gives us time to get settled in position '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here comes Jason . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ought not an edifying Trial have made every effort to demonstrate this once and for all by showing how representative types of `` mere '' anti-Semites were drawn step by step into the program of skull-bashings and gassings ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Kerr , a graduate student from Illinois , moved past him on a straightaway and held off Mills's challenge on the final turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
How effective have [FILTERED] administration first foreign policy decisions been in dealing with Communist aggression ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
It was dedicated as a church in the seventh century . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] has agreed to do a portrait of the family of the person who wins the door prize . (Filtered Words: 1)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their very first collages , Braque and Picasso draw or paint over and on the affixed paper or cloth , so that certain of the principal features of their subjects as depicted seem to thrust out into real , bas-relief space -- or to be about to do so -- while the rest of the subject remains imbedded in , or flat upon , the surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
Engaged as it is in a battle for world trade as a condition of national survival , this country can have little patience with labor's family feuds . (Filtered Words: 0)
A . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's a sublease . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mando , pleading her cause , must have said that Dr. [FILTERED] was the most distinguished physician in the United States of America , for our man poured out his symptoms and drew a madly waving line indicating the irregularity of his pulse . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , we started with the first row of bars and worked our way back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gilborn remembered Conrad's exact words . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spread article on flat surface to required width before measuring length at center . (Filtered Words: 0)
Investors breathed more freely when it was learned that this acrobatic dancer had turned magician and was only doing a best seller book to make some dough . (Filtered Words: 0)
I never saw him so anxious before '' , I said , lighting my pipe and offering her a cigarette . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have , within the past fifty years , come out of all uncertainty into a faith which is a dominating conviction of the Truth and about which I have not a shadow of doubt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its dangerous effects have been downgraded to the public by some who believe national security requires further testing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had just finished unlacing the right one when the telephone rang again . (Filtered Words: 0)
The balance is being budgeted for the coming year . (Filtered Words: 0)
He admitted that he knew it was open to him at all times , and he could have rebutted it before the hearing officer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is that you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Economic aid ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and bright though they all were , they could not possibly compete for her interest with Papa , whose mind -- although he never tried to dazzle or patronize lesser lights with it -- naturally eclipsed theirs and made them seem to her even younger than they were . (Filtered Words: 0)
She certainly looked Japanese , and perhaps she could not really blame the young men . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bostitch , Inc. is approximately half way through a 10-year exemption of their real estate tax . (Filtered Words: 0)
It happened at the St. Patrick's Day party , a big affair for a regiment which had gone into battle for over three-quarters of a century to the strains of an Irish march . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of radiators you'll have cooling-heating units , each with its own thermostat . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of Plainview , former chairman of the Texas Highway Commission , suggested a plan to fill by appointment future vacancies in the Legislature and Congress , eliminating the need for costly special elections . (Filtered Words: 1)
You can communicate in your own way . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Council on National Defense of the American Medical Association contributed a brief article to each issue entitled , `` This Is Your A.M.A. '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
she chose it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conrad's words had intellectual meaning for him only . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the excitement following Lindbergh's flight to Paris earlier in 1927 , dare devil aviators overnight became legendary heroes . (Filtered Words: 0)
presentable in his wide-cut brown suit , the well-made riding boots . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty shrugged slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
She's got browny hair '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She turned to him again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nowhere did the speaker recognize the serious purpose of the Corps or its welcome reception abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
But what was the story ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But thus far there has been no response in kind . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the last of the three tests of manhood which the women impose , to discover if a male is worthy of survival there . (Filtered Words: 0)
But at the end of the sitting , when [FILTERED] showed him the quick , free drawings , with the mother roughed in , holding her son , the model grasped what [FILTERED] was after , and promised to speak to his friends . (Filtered Words: 2)
This vacuum formed sign is comprised of 27-in. ( or smaller ) panels formed of 0.080-in. clear butyrate sheet stock , masked and sprayed on the rear side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Orange and lemon are considered important as are such pastels as blue and lilac . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had an idea that Myra loved it . (Filtered Words: 1)
He couldn't see ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the office you might have thought them only casual friends ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now Britain has decided to seek admission to the European Economic Community and it seems certain that she will be joined by some of her partners in the loose Free Trade Area of the `` Outer Seven '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The opening session of the 5-day session will begin at 10 a.m. today . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't forget the joys of a meal on the road . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] who travel widely calling on business firms . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] replied the next day , putting the suspended diplomat's fears to rest . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had fallen into a soft job , and now the job was gone and he was stranded . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I was an art major in college '' , [FILTERED] explained . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] has indicated that two devices , the Launder-Ometer and Terg-O-Tometer are most widely used for rapid detergent testing , and he has listed the commercially available standard soiled fabrics . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You know , this hits in many areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , a rookie righthander who posted a 15-1 record last year for the Yanks' Auburn ( N.Y. ) farm club of the Class-D New York-Pennsylvania League , are the probable rival pitchers . (Filtered Words: 2)
He affected ( most properly ) not to understand my point . (Filtered Words: 0)
For many years he had provided music and entertainment for functions throughout the Northwest . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
We send shovels , cement , nails , and corrugated iron for roofs . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is one of the greatest American public figures in the history of our country and I consider that I have been singly honored in the privilege of knowing [FILTERED] and sharing with him the rights and obligations of a Member of the House of Representatives in the Congress of the United States . (Filtered Words: 2)
I had to confess that I had missed these frescoes , recently discovered , that he had studied in his eighties . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mahayana had gods , and magic , a pantheon , heavens and hells , and gorgeously appareled priests , monks , and nuns , all of whom wielded power over souls in the other world . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least , I have found it so . (Filtered Words: 0)
but many historians maintain that except for Northern meddling it would have ended in states like Virginia years before it did . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maj. [FILTERED] of Fort Sumter is home and recruiting volunteers for the U.S. Army . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is smoother than Hardy usually is , but with the smoothness of anonymity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gradual , controlled expansion of the world's textile trade is what President [FILTERED] wants . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was an excellent concert . (Filtered Words: 0)
Forebearing , [FILTERED] kept his peace . (Filtered Words: 1)
Palfrey's brothers each received lots of sixteen Negroes , and for bookkeeping purposes it was agreed that all lots were to be valued at $6,666.66 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are even publications called Sick and Mad . (Filtered Words: 0)
west coast . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Look , Lord '' , he said hoarsely . (Filtered Words: 0)
They cried . (Filtered Words: 0)
Use one 6-ounce chicken breast for each guest . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] belonged to a world acquainted with small attractive hotels and pensions in all the major and minor cities . (Filtered Words: 1)
Tax worries , production worries , personnel worries , and the letter from Hanford College , his own alma mater , a real snapper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reasons for selecting mail questionnaire method (Filtered Words: 0)
This is stated to emphasize the necessity for an over-all concept of submarine defense , one which would provide positions of relative importance to ASW elements based on projected potentialities . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What happened , man '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , I shall conduct [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] works in the coming season , as usual . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] took the bayonet from [FILTERED]'s hand and slashed the picket line . (Filtered Words: 2)
This , more than any other factor , led to the fiasco of Allied intervention . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps if they know the story there will be a massive cry of indignation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You've been away from home for the New Year festivities , but now the party is over and you come home . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be noted , parenthetically , that to evade `` desegregation '' an ex-Justice and former southern governor has urged Congress to abolish this reviewing authority . (Filtered Words: 0)
How much of an accident could that be '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Yesterday , I had the privilege of reading a thoughtful article in the U.S. News & World Report of May 8 which discussed this type of action in more detail , including both its advantages and its disadvantages . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was charming as poor [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
In his analysis , however , he touches upon but fails to explore an idea , generally neglected in discussions of the book , which I believe is central to its art -- the importance of human hands as a recurring feature of the narrative . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pilots' heads looked ridiculously small . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is strange ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mischa Elman shared last night's Lewisohn Stadium concert with three American composers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dancer who never loosens her hold on a parasol , begins to feel that it is part of herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Score bottom edge of cylinder and join to disk with slip . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Join me in another '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She threw back a cushion over one of the seats , unlocked a padlock on the chest beneath it , then presently straightened , holding a long knife and a wicked looking spear gun in her hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost surely he did ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Bake cursed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had been a mistake , but anything would have been a mistake , as it turned out . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't know if I can get you into the inner camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
The large majority of the interviewees placed core families in the upper positions . (Filtered Words: 0)
he is prone to semi-catatonic trances induced by the playing of the vioiln ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He spoke sullenly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meditations from a fallout shelter (Filtered Words: 0)
He said : `` The crazy fool '' , half aloud . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not completely virtuous , but completely incompetent '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By saying `` another emotional death '' , she reveals that there has been a previous one , although she has not described it in words . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let me prove it , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
At any rate , it shows us how immaterial we are . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the answer cannot be derived from any socially cohesive element in the disrupting community . (Filtered Words: 0)
An agreement among the Princes on a coalition government would ease their task , diplomats conceded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scholarship applicant ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
'' At other points in his narrative , Krim associates Jewishness with unappeasable literary ambition , with abstraction , with his personal turning aside from the good , the true , and the beautiful of fiction in the manner of [FILTERED] to the international , the false , and the inflated . (Filtered Words: 1)
I said that it didn't make any difference to me either , as far as I knew . (Filtered Words: 0)
No wonder that Pozzatti and I had at times difficulty in remembering the real purpose of our presence , namely , Cultural Exchange . (Filtered Words: 0)
If , as she walked , her steps fumbled from time to time , she chose to ignore that omen . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the second requirement for convincing people without their knowledge is artistic talent to prepare the words and pictures which persuade by using the principles which the scientists have discovered . (Filtered Words: 0)
We now have to think not only of our national security but also of the future generations who will suffer from any tests we might undertake . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only thing which would have attracted attention was that two wore the uniform of prison guards , three the striped suits of convicts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us see just how typical Krim is . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was one of a series of recommendations by the Texas Research League . (Filtered Words: 0)
I thought that was pretty humorous , but I didn't laugh . (Filtered Words: 0)
This table originally indicates that index words 1 through 96 and electronic switches 1 through 30 are available for assignment to symbolic references ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Even in the nineteenth century such accomplished philologists as Kemble and Guest were led into what now seem ludicrous errors because of their failure to recognize that modern forms of place names are not necessarily the result of logical philological development . (Filtered Words: 0)
A vote for educational TV (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gre't big fat chicken , yeah '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Burmese appeared to have little knowledge of British power or any idea of trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were fences in the old days when we were children . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] groaned , but he lifted [FILTERED]'s suitcase and said , in a gentler tone , `` Sure -- the entire thousand . (Filtered Words: 2)
This somewhat cynical comment may be found in `` Blue Skies , Brown Studies '' , a collection of travel essays by [FILTERED] , who would never consider staying home for long . (Filtered Words: 1)
Below the moon-splashed world rolled away to insurmountable white peaks ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
These cells were used rather than square Pyrex tubing because of the tendency of the latter to shatter when thawing frozen carbon tetrachloride . (Filtered Words: 0)
According to the medical examiner , she was shot between eleven p.m. and one a.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would also leave intact the states' traditional authority in the realm of contract law . (Filtered Words: 0)
The proprietor is able to create a leadership impossible in the corporate structure with its board of directors and stockholders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Partly because low-level heat treatment is needed to inactivate enzymes before radiosterilization , treated fresh meats have the appearance of boiled or canned meat . (Filtered Words: 0)
The U.N.'s ' gravest crisis ' (Filtered Words: 0)
In the reproductive area it could be readily observed that all felt freer to discuss things than students had previously in `` mixed '' marital status sections . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've never done this before '' , they always said , pouring another whiskey . (Filtered Words: 0)
There I was a retired wobbly and structural iron worker who'd never gouged a cent off a fellow worker in my thirty years in the movement . (Filtered Words: 0)
These short , `` streamlined '' meetings usually are sponsored by local banks , Chambers of Commerce , trade associations , or other civic organizations . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are , of course , certain times during the 24-hour daily cycle when most of these conditions will be met . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feathertop aimed a finger at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was no need for [FILTERED] to go on , since all she wanted in life was to make a home for [FILTERED] and ( blushing ) raise his children . (Filtered Words: 2)
More often , these offices are restricted to the gathering of empirical data . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] was killed on Aug. 31 , 1958 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The system well understands that one of its primary responsibilities is to bring children and books together ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Just after sunset is a good time to record the city lights in color since you get a `` fill-in '' light from the sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] called the Adams method literally antihistorical , while Clive Day maintained that the assumptions were not confined to theories alone but were also applicable to straight factual evidence . (Filtered Words: 1)
the top non-supervisory level , senior staff engineer , enjoys status and pay ranging up to that for the second level of engineering supervision . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can say this : I'm dead serious about going back to school . (Filtered Words: 0)
The form of galvanic activity is halfway between the magnetic form and the electrical form . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't pretend . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was generally reflected in the civil laws of Christian countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
We have a brief glimpse of the Tsar's public personality , the `` official [FILTERED] , but our real focus is on the excitement of the crowd -- a significant contrast with its halfhearted acclamation in the opening scene , its bitter resentment and fury in the final act . (Filtered Words: 1)
Earlier this month [FILTERED] , director of the United States Information Agency , came to Hollywood and had dinner with more than 100 leaders of the motion picture industry . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I suppose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Analysis in roleplaying is usually done for the purpose of understanding strong and weak points of an individual or as a process to eliminate weak parts and strengthen good parts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concept of good nutrition really began with the garden . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were silent for a few moments . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may find yourself hitting bottom , literally , as you discover that water is running out even while you are putting it in . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you are a nonresident alien and a resident of Puerto Rico , your return is also due June 15 , 1962 , or the 15th day of the 6th month after the close of your fiscal year . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What difference does your batting average make ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The gilt sterns of the men-of-war becoming clearer to him , the sides of the wooden sea walls alternately painted yellow and black , the bronze cannon at the ports . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know I don't want to see Pedersen . (Filtered Words: 0)
The removal of [FILTERED]'s body from the mausoleum he shared with [FILTERED] to less distinguished quarters in the Kremlin wall is not unprecedented in history . (Filtered Words: 2)
Such a calm and assuring peace can be yours . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the character flying that thing had gone over San Clemente Island yesterday he would have had an eyeful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of former President [FILTERED]'s off-the-cuff discourses have been in that vein . (Filtered Words: 1)
A rule on the Federal deductibility of state taxes is contested . (Filtered Words: 0)
the rough surface of the earth itself seemed to resist every attempt on his part to relax . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Dunston the rent would run close to two hundred a month ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
For God's sake '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
All this works severely against the kind of cross-cultural communication for which Christian missions stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These curves were derived by an analysis of extensive skywave measurement data . (Filtered Words: 0)
the investigation of the relationship of diphosphopyridine nucleotide synthesizine enzyme to tumor growth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In an attempt to reverse the downhill trend by stimulating the bone marrow and controlling any hemolytic component , triamcinolone , 16 mg. daily , was begun on Sept. 26 , 1958 , and continued until Feb. 18 , 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
We began by declaring that all men are created equal . (Filtered Words: 0)
and he , being the eldest , was supposed to be a priest , but he chose to do differently , and one of his brothers is to become the priest . (Filtered Words: 0)
One inch equals 2.54 centimeters : one cubic inch equals 16.38 cubic centimeters . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first place , a large part of the discrepancy between President [FILTERED]'s estimate of a 1.5 billion dollar surplus for the same period and the new estimate of an almost seven billion dollar deficit is the result of the outgoing President's farewell gift of a political booby-trap to his successor . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had better write a postcard to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He swore so loudly at the top of his voice , that she didn't get any sleep all the next night . (Filtered Words: 0)
Men were killed in their camps , at their meals and in their sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether fan of the Pagnol films or stage show , whether partial to music or not , you can't help but derive joy from this picture if you have a sense of humor and a heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finding sources for these high quality foods is a problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet the truth , according to the New Testament , is that every local church has its existence only by being the embodiment of the whole church in that particular place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Swinging up then , and bending forward over the horn , he urged his mount down the meandering draw . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh you're joking . (Filtered Words: 0)
His religiousness is intimately , or dialectically , connected with his sinfulness ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As soon as the fox has taken hold on most of the populace he imports more wharf rats , who , of course , say they are the aggrieved victims of an extermination campaign in the city . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boat prices vary according to the buyer's desires or needs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Journalism supplies us with an endless run of such slips . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1 we investigate a new series of line involutions in a projective space of three dimensions over the field of complex numbers . (Filtered Words: 0)
A western vacation is practically synonymous with a visit to at least one of the magnificent national parks in this area . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , in the era of the integrated musical when an individual song must contribute to the over-all development of the show , it is understandable that a song , no matter how excellent it may be on its own terms , is cut out because it does not perform the function required of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
We define these values as Af , and define g{t} in the same way for each T . (Filtered Words: 0)
the pope was playing a dangerous game , with so many balls in the air at once that a misstep would bring them all about his ears , and his only hope was to temporize so that he could take advantage of every change in the delicate balance of European affairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Circuit Court jurist said the boy will have a hearing in [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Works by Dohnanyi , Hubay , Mr. [FILTERED] himself and [FILTERED] , indicated that the violinist had some virtuoso fireworks up his sleeve as well as a reserved attitude toward a lyric phrase . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] first learns `` the stupendous power of money '' from the sycophantic tailor , Mr. [FILTERED] , whose brutality to his boy helper exactly matches the financial resource of each new customer , and whose fawning hands touch `` the outside of each elbow '' and `` rub '' [FILTERED] out of the shop . (Filtered Words: 2)
Introduction (Filtered Words: 0)
She is the most beautiful thing you ever laid eyes on , and her dancing has a feminine suavity , lightness , sparkle , and refinement which are simply incomparable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President of the United States has said : `` We will never negotiate out of fear , and we will never fear to negotiate '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Af is the normal compressive force acting on the shear plane ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was left out of him at birth . (Filtered Words: 0)
I liked her , and all at once I was glad she was there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] made it evident that he had contributed his maximum . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Success '' and `` failure '' are just convenient labels for the two categories of outcomes when we talk about binomial trials in general . (Filtered Words: 0)
he would look right through you while you were talking to him , and if you said , `` For Christ's sake , [FILTERED] , you've got Prussian blue all over your shirt '' , he would smile , and nod , and an hour later the paint would be all over his pants as well . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Cumbancheros , Latin combo , open Tuesday at the Four O'Clock Club . (Filtered Words: 0)
She didn't like to travel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their eyes turned cold and accusing , even Via's . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come on . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are , however , some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part , concerning the reactions of the Swedes in adversity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something was happening all right , slowly it is true , but you could feel it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of our young people think it would . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , 60 , who has spent 25 years in the [FILTERED] reformatory for women for the murder in 1935 of her son-in-law , [FILTERED] , then 28 , appealed for a parole at a hearing yesterday before two Illinois pardon and parole board members , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 5)
But it can no longer be so once [FILTERED] ( the incarnation of the new rational man ) has flown a kite to it . (Filtered Words: 1)
It doesn't embrace only the artist , alone before his easel . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first productive period came when he was considering poetry as a vocation , before he had decided to write fiction for a living ( in his note for Who's Who he wrote that he `` wrote verses 1865 - 1868 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s son was rejected . (Filtered Words: 1)
As predicted , the highly anxious children in the unstructured schools score more poorly ( Af ) than those in the structured schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am really ill at the present moment , and I will go to some sort of a sanitarium to normalize myself '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It is a much easier course to agree to let one another alone so far as ordinary patents are concerned '' , said a trade authority , `` than to continue the costly effort of straightening the tangle in the courts or seeking to reform the patent system , which appears to be getting into deeper confusion every day '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing was going to be done this year to celebrate [FILTERED]'s bold and unsuccessful defense of Rome . (Filtered Words: 1)
Part 2 , discusses the operation of the model and derives some significant conclusions . (Filtered Words: 0)
One specific example is a secret `` fraternity '' which will `` coordinate anti-Communist efforts '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Too much work this morning , Miss [FILTERED] -- everybody gone like that '' -- (Filtered Words: 1)
He got a red pill and a beer and then , on impulse , transferred the rest of his salami to her side of the refrigerator and scrawled `` Be my guest '' on the wrapping . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are , as we know , utterly dependent on the quality of advice we get ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The payroll tax would actually rise to 7.5 per cent starting Jan. 1 , 1963 , if the plan is approved , because the levy is already scheduled to go up by 1 per cent on that date to pay for other social security costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is true , of course , the uncertainties of life being what they are , that as now and then the Christian killed the lion , homecoming days have been ruined by a visiting team . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shortly after this study ended septic conditions resulted which required the addition of sodium nitrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , I wanted to get this over with , had a lot of paper work waiting in my own office . (Filtered Words: 0)
Use this section to plan now to make the most of your vacation in photogenic America . (Filtered Words: 0)
I mean I've got to -- to see to the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cows were kept in backyard barns , boys were hired to drive them to and from the pasture on the edge of town , and familiar to the ear , morning and evening , were the boys' coaxing voices , the thud of hooves , and the thwack of a stick on cowhide . (Filtered Words: 0)
There wasn't anything of special interest that morning , no one sicker than they should have been . (Filtered Words: 0)
that its choreography is undistinguished and its score a shapeless assemblage of self-plagiarisms . (Filtered Words: 0)
A capsule view of proposed plans includes : (Filtered Words: 0)
Their meeting at San Francisco is nominally scheduled as a conference of the California Democratic Council directorate . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was his only sanctuary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Patterson Moos research (Filtered Words: 0)
Add enough warmed cream , seasoned to taste with onion juice , to about half cover the chicken breasts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Diversity of perception , yes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Teacher assignment in order to desegregate . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That important '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having completed our camera work , we started our climb . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lolotte looked up and stiffened . (Filtered Words: 0)
All polemic of ours should , I believe , be either very broad statements of contrast , or fine points treated singly , and as far as possible impersonally . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know you've got a grudge against me , and maybe I can't blame you . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the great one's personal quarters , a portable house , almost every evening saw an elegant banquet or reception . (Filtered Words: 0)
Slowly the procession of warriors and statesmen passes through the snow beside the black water and into the brilliantly lighted cathedral , the shrine of so many precious memories . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's only his opinion . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is an absurdity . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] killer acted this way , catching up with him was going to be a cinch . (Filtered Words: 1)
The most unbelievable thing about the chance meeting was that he seemed interested in me , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presumably the tabulated data are best available values . (Filtered Words: 0)
He became a fighter pilot after the stint over the Hump in the big crates . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was taken to the hospital by the North Providence ambulance . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the government is left with no reserve granary , under the agricultural system it has ordained . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned away and did not see the man's knees buckle and his body sag . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since the work is done by hand , the only limitation , it is said , `` is that of human conception '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What she'd said was true -- in all these years , she'd never asked for anything from me . (Filtered Words: 0)
French & Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were new yellow curtains , bright as a child's life ought to be , a new bedspread , lively with hopping rabbits , and hanging from the ceiling was an airy [FILTERED] , spinning slowly in the breeze . (Filtered Words: 1)
In one of his summers at home he married , to the great disapproval of his father , who objected because of his extreme youth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The international unit ( u. ) , adopted to make possible the comparison of results from different laboratories ( [FILTERED] and Perry , 1955 ) , has been defined as the amount of activity present in 13.5 mg of the International Standard Preparation . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We didn't want town work '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Is ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor [FILTERED] was the official host at the children's party . (Filtered Words: 1)
Miami Beach and surroundings feature fabulous `` hotel row '' , palm-studded beaches plus the Miami Seaquarium and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
he had been explaining all during the trip what he needed to make him feel like himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such understanding helps to explain why one matron celebrating thirty-five years of married life could declare with some pride that her husband had `` never seen her entirely naked '' , while another woman , boasting an equal number of years of married life , is proud of having `` shared the nudist way of life -- the really free , natural nude life -- for most of that period '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The United States can use its aid as an incentive to self-help by responding with aid on a sustained basis , tailored to priority needs , to those countries making serious efforts in self-help . (Filtered Words: 0)
The middle section of the program was made up of short numbers , naturally enough of unequal merit , but all of them pretty good at that . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the way out Mr. [FILTERED] detoured up a special hill from which one may obtain a matchless view of the Acropolis lighted by night . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her mother is the former Miss [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Whatever learning they may have had in their order doesn't disturb them now . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this time she was nervous : she was open . (Filtered Words: 0)
Higher costs of advertising and promotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is to be hoped that some way will be found to keep this important work current . (Filtered Words: 0)
This much having been said , the question remains whether we have the resources for the job we have to do -- defeat Communism -- and , if so , how those resources ought to be used . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a question which New Englanders long ago put out of their minds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , `` I'm not talking . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third method was , to our knowledge , successfully applied for the first time by [FILTERED] and co-workers ( Ref. 2 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Librarians , a patient breed of men and women who have borne much with dedication , can begin to see results today . (Filtered Words: 0)
For me , a changed barrel length or an improved stock doesn't constitute a truly new design . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] might almost be [FILTERED]'s bogy man come alive , a figure of nemesis from Pip's phantasy of guilt . (Filtered Words: 2)
I'm sorry , I thought to the snake , for you were beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
It hung over them like a cloud , its arrival as sudden as a cloud skidding over the sun . (Filtered Words: 0)
Across the front of a yard and down the side , they were iron , either spiked along the top or arched in half circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it worth-while ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Secretary of Defense [FILTERED] , former President of the Ford Motor Company , comes from a generation different from that of [FILTERED]'s own first Secretary of Defense , [FILTERED] , who had been head of General Motors . (Filtered Words: 3)
[FILTERED] -- in a fashion he owed a debt to that effete gentleman . (Filtered Words: 1)
A minor child is allowed A personal exemption of $600 on his own return regardless of how much money he may earn . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was very stimulating . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had studied with [FILTERED] ten years before , during the scholarship year the Manhattan gave me , along with the five-hundred-dollar prize for my paintings of bums on Hudson Street . (Filtered Words: 1)
The final decision went to the executive but a way has been opened for strengthening budgeting procedures and to provide legislators information they need . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the late afternoon Mando came back to fetch us , and we drove to the Acropolis . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' ) (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
It did not serve to contrast the existing order of society with a possible alternative order , because the age of innocence was not a possible alternative once man had sinned . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Isn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , sir '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the caves , with other supplies , they had kept cases of sake . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fisted the knife overhand , and drew back to plunge it into the kid's throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is a master at dragging a bunt toward first base . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even more poignantly , and with the insight of a genius , [FILTERED] added -- remember , this is [FILTERED] , not Parker ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , moral issues concerning the nature of the legal and political processes take on theological dimensions . (Filtered Words: 0)
To get started , he does not scan the world about him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But with [FILTERED] on the fiddle , and [FILTERED] exuberantly shouting `` Glory Be '' and `` Hallelujah '' above their united chant of the lilting old ballads , they played their quaint folk games with all the fervor and abandon of a real celebration . (Filtered Words: 2)
I didn't hurry though it was cold and the Pedersen kid was in the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was when she was seized as a material witness that she got the designation she liked best . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was terribly off key , and poorly done , and [FILTERED] could never admit to herself that male companionship was a very natural and important thing , but all at once she felt lonesome and put-upon . (Filtered Words: 1)
and now I think we can use the knowledge they passed on to us . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other scientific agencies , both Federal and civilian , supported studies in quantitative electron microscopical approach to microchemistry and microcytochemistry ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As only a member of the family can share in the innermost joys of the family , likewise one must belong to the family of God in order to receive the benefits that are promised to those who are His own . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] said that in many of the countries he visited on a recent world trade trip people were more awed by America's capacity to produce food surpluses than by our industrial production -- or even by the Soviet's successes in space . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` So '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Angrily Martin wished they had delayed the wedding and gone on a trip -- preferably one that lasted months -- instead of deciding not to postpone the date until he could get away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radio broadcasts had not begun and most devotees of baseball attended the games near home , in the town park or a pasture , with perhaps two or three trips to the city each season to see the Cubs or the Pirates or the Indians or the Red Sox . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some make beautiful chairs , cabinets , chests , doll houses , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of course '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Uncle Sam '' was , indeed , a rich uncle to Prokofieff , in those opulent , post-war victory years of peace and prosperity , bold speculations and extravaganzas , enjoyment and pleasure : `` The Golden Twenties '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The low clouds made bombing difficult . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ventilation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vegetables are served liberally . (Filtered Words: 0)
Agriculture Department economists estimate the Government this year will hand farmers $1.4 billion in special subsidies and incentive payments , well above the record $1.1 billion of 1958 and about double the $639 million of 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first thing every morning when she washed her face she could see the scar on her chin where he'd cut her with a boot cleat , and maybe she saw him heaving it again , the dirty sock popping out as it flew . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , seated next to Deegan , got up and moved to the other end of the bench . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , food so processed might reach more remote markets and permit the consumer to enjoy more produce at peak freshness and palatability . (Filtered Words: 0)
If I'd stayed , all that I'd have got was four punctured tires and one busted head . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was certain now that it would be no harder to bear her child here in such pleasant surroundings than at home in the big white house in Haverhill . (Filtered Words: 0)
Education should be uppermost in their minds , but with this attire how can anyone think it is so ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Aristotle agree on some vital literary issues . (Filtered Words: 1)
Whenever a congregation really sees itself as a unit in the universal Church , in vital relation with the whole Body of Christ and participating in His mission to the world , a necessary foundation-stone of the ecumenical movement has been laid . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it would greatly strengthen any Mayor's executive powers , remove the excuse in large degree that he is a captive of inaction in the Board of Estimate , increase his budget-making authority both as to expense and capital budgets , and vest in him the right to reorganize city departments in the interest of efficiency and economy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second situation is illustrated by the operator T on Af ( F any field ) represented in the standard basis by Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pick the flowers , keep the soil dampened , and each of the pegged-down branches will take root and become a little plant and go on blooming for the rest of the season . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Providence Sunday Journal article ( Jan. 29 ) asking whether American taxpayers are being victimized by a gigantic giveaway to pay for the care of war veterans who have non-service-connected disabilities sounds as though The Providence Journal is desperate for news . (Filtered Words: 0)
apparently it is not . (Filtered Words: 0)
fiscal and monetary policies designed to prevent serious inflation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , when everything was opening up to him -- even the court of Louis 15 ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
but I liked to think of him at ninety swimming and working at Key West long after [FILTERED] had moved to Cuba . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hub was sitting in a chair that blocked the hall door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never until in this work of S-D organization have I realized and felt the attitude and experience of a Teacher . (Filtered Words: 0)
So instead I come up '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now omitting for a moment some recent developments we can say the Saxon Shore hypothesis of Lappenberg and Kemble has undergone virtual eclipse in this century . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Wechsler Intelligence Scale For Children was administered to each sample third-grade child by a clinical worker . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] picked up the telephone ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Under another law , hundreds of farms were seized . (Filtered Words: 0)
Waddell said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two men murmured with their heads together at the end of the bar , while the sleek-headed bartender absently polished a glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
A small single switchboard was installed in the Village over [FILTERED]'s hardware store ( later E. H. Hemenway's ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
To this must be added the 90 to 92 megatons of fission yield produced between the dawn of the atomic age in 1945 and the informal three-power test moratorium that began in November , 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
These included , as one , Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , who had checked in a little after noon the day before , and had not checked out together . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Janice , nobody answers at the apartment '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She was thirty-one years old then . (Filtered Words: 0)
if the Government certifies that production may be possible from the property , the royalty obligation continues for the 10-year period usually specified in the contract or until the Government's contribution is repaid with interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` On the basis of the facts '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Glee Club is open to all students and faculty with no auditions necessary for membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
After lunch , in the arcade on my left just before reaching the street I found a pastry shop that sells some of the best baklava -- a sweet , flaky cake -- in Istanbul . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not positivism which has isolated metaphysics from reality by distinguishing between description and prescription . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 large onion , chopped fine 2 tablespoons salad oil 1 8-oz. can crushed pineapple and 1/2 cup of the juice 1/4 cup brown sugar 2 tablespoons vinegar 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce pineapple chunks (Filtered Words: 0)
The roof blocks are in two layers and are not mortared together . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anaconda : (Filtered Words: 0)
I wanted to wipe my flint , but I didn't dare to , the state my hands were in , just as I didn't dare to do anything about the priming . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact all of our civilized world is the resultant of man's projection of his imagination over the past 60 centuries or more . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was surely a reunion in art , it was all that poetry promised . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think we need to concern ourselves also with the timeliness of action . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rapping the stick against the desk . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under normal circumstances [FILTERED] was a little fussy when people told him what to do with pictures he had taken . (Filtered Words: 1)
The countin' of cattle in a pasture without throwin' 'em together for the purpose was called a `` pasture count '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Professor [FILTERED] , Sweden's foremost critic of the period , acclaims it as follows : `` In this we have the verse of a painter ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He wore no gun -- a strange ommission for a peace officer in this country . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sold me a clear title . (Filtered Words: 0)
Assessors in Rhode Island are charged not only with placing a valuation upon real and personal property , but they also have the responsibility to raise by a tax `` a sum not less than nor more than '' a specified amount as ordered by a city council or financial town meeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you have anything to read while you're shut up ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There are other basic rules . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had sold oil stock to [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] in person ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Against my folks' wishes , we'd been seeing each other for short rides in the truck . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly , a girl who graduates with a good working knowledge of stenography and the use of clerical machines and who is able to get a job at once may wish to improve her skill and knowledge by a year or two of further study in a community college or secretarial school . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most surprising of all , he has accomplished some prodigies in training for the production of words . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a kind of shock , the ladies and gentlemen of the committee bent to observe the incredibly copied and brilliantly executed Last Supper on the head of a screw . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was not , for the Angel , just a matter of running through a logical or deductive chain , or deciding on some action from some already established premise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blue ribbon for one dozen white eggs was taken by Nyberg . (Filtered Words: 0)
Foreigners this way ' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
About 45 percent of the loss in growth was attributable to disease , 20 percent to insects , 17 percent to fire , and 18 percent to weather , animals , and various other causes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you evaluated the proper place of advertising and all phases of promotion in your total marketing program -- from the standpoint of effort , money , and effectiveness ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
True ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The giant waves are more dangerous on flat shores than on steep ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the arena of power Jews have at one time or another been somebody's ally ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is determined to make this dive . (Filtered Words: 1)
He could throw himself on the mercy of the Police Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had black eyes , long and intriguingly tilted , and the way she walked was melody . (Filtered Words: 0)
the need to protect the public interest in situations of prolonged labor-management stalemate ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed no . (Filtered Words: 0)
In haste he labored to finish some last abstract paintings : a three-panel frieze , with a flying figure and a fallen figure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Was there another [FILTERED] in the Warsaw area , as they suspected ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
About 300 yards up the creek was a cluster of Mexican houses containing six rooms in the form of a square . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is chairman of the committee , which includes Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , 2d , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 15)
It didn't have to be perfect . (Filtered Words: 0)
The historical sign tells its story , but nothing gets interest across as well as some of the original historical items or places themselves which still have the character of the period covered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Powerful hands had killed her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finding peaceful coexistence temporarily unsuitable because of domestic politics , Moscow resumed scowling and `` Smilin' [FILTERED] '' dropped quietly out of the press except for an occasional story reporting that he had been stoned somewhere in the Middle West . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rather what Kornbluth and Pohl are really doing is warning against the dangers inherent in perfecting `` a science of man and his motives '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The activities of the Planning Division are defined in considerable detail in the enabling act of the Development Council , which assigns to the agency both broad responsibilities and specific duties in the field of planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he heard the outer door closing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of the authentic homogeneity of his early Nationalistic materials , and his flair for orchestrations -- his brilliant Petruchka , his savage [FILTERED] , his incisive Les Noces -- the world kept hoping that he could recapture the historical direction for which his native talents were predisposed . (Filtered Words: 1)
To appreciate the nature of the gamble , it should be realized that while college teaching is almost a public symbol of security , that security does not come as quickly or as automatically as it does in an elementary school system or in the Civil Service . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He made no claims to belong to the great and mighty of this earth '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
she unquestionably assumed that the more he was entwined with [FILTERED] , the more likely he was to reward [FILTERED] richly upon his death . (Filtered Words: 2)
indeed , my scholastic qualifications were such that he , a college graduate himself , must envy me them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also the canoe '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mmm '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was also stone deaf in her right ear . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the principal point made in this final section of Englishman No. 57 , and it caps Steele's efforts in his other writing of these months to counteract the notion of the Tories as a `` Church Party '' supported by the body of the clergy . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the back nine he began to acquire the tidal wave of a gallery that stayed with him the rest of the tournament . (Filtered Words: 0)
In sentences , patterns of stress are determined by complex combinations of influences that can only be suggested here . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am not making a clinical judgment here , for such personal tragedies are real and are commonplace in the analyst's consulting room , but literature makes a different claim upon our sympathies than tragedy in life . (Filtered Words: 0)
After they had finished eating , [FILTERED] took Sprite the kitten under her arm -- `` so that Auntie Grace can teach it about the whistle '' -- and climbed into the station wagon beside her mother . (Filtered Words: 1)
It will rise during lapse conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can hear some of you folks protesting . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( '58 ) was unable to demonstrate their existence , either by anatomic or physiologic methods , in dogs . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Go change your shoes before you turn around '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After looking about a bit , Wilson discovered beyond [FILTERED] , across the river and far removed from the white city , a considerable tract of land , and it occurred to him that the church and the better Negro homes might gradually be moved to this plot . (Filtered Words: 1)
The fact that the Deerstalker and the Jet were the only completely new designs this year doesn't mean that 1961 didn't see changes in models , actions and calibers . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they turned in the saddle they could see the men behind them , strung out on the prairie in a flat black line . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , I'm still all covered with that soap . (Filtered Words: 0)
The announcement came after a period of sharp deterioration in East-West relations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man most firmly at grips with the problem is the University of Minnesota's Physiologist Ancel [FILTERED]eys , 57 , inventor of the wartime [FILTERED] ( for [FILTERED]eys ) ration and author of last year's bestselling Eat Well And Stay Well . (Filtered Words: 2)
Elegance and color (Filtered Words: 0)
See illustration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , if Af , no two of the multiple secants can intersect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly not . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the stiff neutral lines of the telephone poles he saw the no-nonsense pen strokes of Aunt Jessica's letter . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't press your luck , badge-toter '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remove jar from mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who won is not revealed , but [FILTERED]'s daughter [FILTERED] says they got up to 1,212 words . (Filtered Words: 2)
If I get a low [FILTERED] , I do so because I want it that way or my dark self does . (Filtered Words: 1)
One hundred years ago there existed in England the Association for the Promotion of the Unity of Christendom . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the polarities are correct , the platform rotates in such a direction as to reduce the accelerometer output to zero . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here again laboratory approaches are being evolved , for it is recognized how `` elastic '' these readings can be , how they can apply to many people , and are often stated in general terms all too easily applied to any individual's own case . (Filtered Words: 0)
I waited until my man was coming out of the office with the key to a cabin before I went in to register . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hearst won the Iowa state convention , but ran into a bitter battle in Indiana before losing to Parker , drawing an angry statement from Indiana's [FILTERED] : (Filtered Words: 1)
She kept repeating . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moscow , June 18 (Filtered Words: 0)
They brought to it all the odors that clung to men like themselves , that of their own sweat , of campfire smoke , of horses and cattle . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In back , buddy '' , the driver said to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
( `` In the late forties and fifties '' , Coombs has declared in defining his role , `` two strong new arms were added to reinforce United States foreign policy economic assistance and military assistance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Join me in another '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hodges is trying to get more foreign business to go to the U.S. . (Filtered Words: 0)
She loved the children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Schley County Rep. [FILTERED] will offer a resolution Monday in the House to rescind the body's action of Friday in voting itself a $10 per day increase in expense allowances . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mantle and [FILTERED] use the twin beds in the bedroom ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
They then point out that with our present lack of knowledge of all the factors concerned in the rise and fall of epidemics , it is unlikely that a planned episode could be initiated . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll have the problem of baseball at one end and weather at the other '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
every man is a piece of the continent , a part of the main '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm gonna drop these into Blue Throat's lap '' , he announced , `` and I'd like every gun to be firing into that barn while I get near enough to toss 'em through the window '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
even when the fences became a part of the game -- when a vine-embowered gate-post was the Sleeping Beauty's enchanted castle , or when Rapunzel let down her golden hair from beneath the crocketed spire , even then we paid little heed to those who went by on the path outside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Evansville , Ind. , Aug. 5 (Filtered Words: 0)
The platform accelerometers must be slightly modified for this procedure . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Arianist '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
One reason for the unique vitality of the chorus is its great variety in expression . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Tokyo [FILTERED] took up a life similar to that which he had lived in New York , except that he had replaced his biwa with a friend . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] sums up his judgment of what went wrong this way : (Filtered Words: 1)
But the main point here is that even if such a restatement were not possible , the demand to demythologize the kerygma would still be unavoidable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just before reaching it I came to a grey and brown stone building that looks somewhat like an Oriental pagoda , with Arabic lettering in gold and colored tile decorations -- the Fountain of Sultan Ahmet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wet also were the marine's fatigues and the face had an oily film . (Filtered Words: 0)
the desert encroached . (Filtered Words: 0)
What right had John to any special consideration ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Operators were [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] may wear this only at night or for a few hours during the day . (Filtered Words: 1)
Oh how they bounced ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He could terminate special sessions of the Legislature . (Filtered Words: 0)
The circle came nearer and nearer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Further , the gland is able to re-use a larger fraction of the thyroid hormone de-iodinated peripherally . (Filtered Words: 0)
from the founding of the College those responsible for its management have planned to provide its students favorable conditions for personal religious development and to offer opportunities through the curriculum and otherwise for understanding the meaning and importance of religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their names are [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , their team is the Yankees , and their threat is real . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was over an hour before their escape was discovered , but still the news that Barton was free flashed across the central portion of the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
But you've got to know both . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have little information on the anaconda's rate of growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Would you mind sending him up here ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Using a cheap brush , coat one side of the bottom with the resin and then apply the cloth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The beer foamed furiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
The U. S. Government pays for all its overseas workers '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
to Alex they were merely six not unusual hens' eggs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its radar screens would register Soviet missiles shortly after they are launched against the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this does not account for the integral , elemental power of that which grows with abounding vigor as the play unfolds , nor does it explain the strange numinous sense of presentness which comes over those who watch the play like a spell . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'd say she didn't feel good on Sunday , couldn't go to church -- there'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn -- and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she'd need to take , all but the dress she'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime . (Filtered Words: 0)
the distant ship isn't there until you get the focus . (Filtered Words: 0)
It indicates the same thing but it is meant to pertain more specifically to establishments designed to cater to smaller type boats such as outboards . (Filtered Words: 0)
They have widely varying backgrounds and aims . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like hell ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Once , like you , I had one head , two hands , ten fingers on my hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , the tours of inspection included the ever-present shorts . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the little girls said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Letter writing is a dying art . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such fascinating novelties in the score as the fugual treatment of `` On The Side Of The Angels '' and `` Politics And Poker '' were handled splendidly , and I thought [FILTERED] and his band of tuneful ward-heelers made `` Little Tin Box '' even better than it was done by the New York cast ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The same rule of specialization and division of labor guides him in the FELA certiorari cases , in the administrative law area , and indeed in the whole realm of judicial review . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of course '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This prospect did not please Mrs. [FILTERED] any more than did the possibility that her daughter might marry a Bohemian , but she used it to suggest to Thompson that , `` It is not in her nature to love you '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
That notion is fantastically wrong-headed from several points of view . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this seems to me untrue . (Filtered Words: 0)
References for Part 1 , are given at the end and for Part 2 , in the tables . (Filtered Words: 0)
Haven't we haven't I seen you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Communist gains (Filtered Words: 0)
( The `` autistic '' child is one who seems to lack a well-defined sense of self . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly not in Orchestra Hall where he has played countless recitals , and where Thursday night he celebrated his 20th season with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , playing the Brahms Concerto with his own slashing , demon-ridden cadenza melting into the high , pale , pure and lovely song with which a violinist unlocks the heart of the music , or forever finds it closed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part of the time saved was spent on a preliminary estimate for a long-distance plan to free bound oxygen in the sands of Mars to make the planet more friendly to future human generations . (Filtered Words: 0)
That evening turned out to be hell like all the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
In that way there's no trouble for the customer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Declarative statements (Filtered Words: 0)
Some , like the British and the French , maintain an elaborate system of personal contacts and have experts constantly studying special areas of the American scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
The type of presentation of results used in the deterministic process may be used here , except that now the fourth column is redundant . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know '' , he said , reading her mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
By turns , her beautifully sung [FILTERED] is fierce , tender , venomous and pitiful . (Filtered Words: 1)
They were constantly assuring you that you were one of the world's great guys . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , yes -- you had ideas '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
yet they supported the [FILTERED] administration which will cost a small state like ours approximately five million dollars ( matched incidentally by a federal grant ) to initiate . (Filtered Words: 1)
Opportunity was obvious . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- liberal considers that the need for a national economy with controls that will assure his conception of social justice is so great that individual and local liberties as well as democratic processes may have to yield before it . (Filtered Words: 0)
yet his changed appearance , surprisingly , was one of plumpness . (Filtered Words: 0)
No question ruffles him or causes him to hesitate . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] remembered it clearly . (Filtered Words: 1)
We shall find a polynomial Af such that Af is the identity on Af and is zero on the other Af , and so that Af , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
But now what crazy twists and turns of his emotions ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Goolick , goooolick '' , creaked a sea gull . (Filtered Words: 0)
The disappearance caused his family to assign a full-time maid to keeping an eye on the boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He held his elbows away from his body , and the little sweet potato trilled neatly and sweetly as he tickled its tune-belly . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , in a fresh white dress and low-heeled white sandals , without socks , was out there with them , trying to get them inside . (Filtered Words: 1)
A bullet tore the earth from beneath his foot when he was a stride or two from safety . (Filtered Words: 0)
The story of the fatal crash is not fully known . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a great spectacle . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a way , [FILTERED] was right . (Filtered Words: 1)
It will frequently be uneconomical for him to own the most up-to-date equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Danger cited (Filtered Words: 0)
She rubbed her eyes and stretched , then sat up , her hands going to her hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bride was given in marriage by her father . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] took [FILTERED] and me out to dinner at a swell steak house and told us with tears in his eyes how happy he was we had come together again . (Filtered Words: 2)
Thus he will be in a position to disabuse the Soviet leader of any notions he may have about grave Allied disunity . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for his promise -- oh , he had plenty of time , buckets of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The family requests that flowers be omitted . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was busy up front with some of his live patients . (Filtered Words: 1)
These contour diagrams also suggest a rather rapid falloff in the radio brightness with latitude . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bitterness of their wedding night still ripped within him like an open wound . (Filtered Words: 0)
She exclaimed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Muscle weakness did not improve , and the patient needed first a cane , then crutches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grumbled [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He spoke of his desire to promote the abolition of slavery by peaceable means and he compared [FILTERED] of Harper's Ferry to the [FILTERED] of Rhode Island's colonial period . (Filtered Words: 2)
An average national figure for two to three years of treatment would be $650 to $1,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proponents of Zen to the West emphasize disproportionately the amount of Mahayana Buddhism in Zen , probably in order to dignify the indisputably magical Taoist ideas with more respectable Buddhist metaphysic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Military knowledge , love of detail , and a sure feeling for the portrayal of action were the added ingredients . (Filtered Words: 0)
Night after night he stayed with [FILTERED] in the dead of winter , rubbing her with quarts of expensive liniment , fussing over her bran mash as the cook did over charlotte russe , tracking manure on the pretty new carpet when he did come to the house . (Filtered Words: 1)
Finally , we must be willing to forgive others as many times as they sin against us . (Filtered Words: 0)
In ngandlu . (Filtered Words: 0)
Skolman isn't going to like it much , though , giving away what he should be selling '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Programs usually are expanded only when outside funds are available or local business leaders demand it . (Filtered Words: 0)
I grimaced in distaste . (Filtered Words: 0)
but many against combining to raise it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must become one who knows all about the injustice in the world , but who declines doing anything about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every day I visit a different hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
I will send you the best the quarter has to offer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her door was locked and the key was missing . (Filtered Words: 0)
New owners (Filtered Words: 0)
But he , as I can now retort , was the man who could see so short a distance ahead that after a visit to Russia he gave voice to the famous exclamation : `` I have seen the future and it works '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ciao , '' and put out her hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went into the print shop , where Fletcher had just finished cleaning the press . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , driving the horse and sulky borrowed from [FILTERED] , he felt as if every bone was topped by burning oil and that every muscle was ready to dissolve into jelly and leave his big body helpless and unable to move . (Filtered Words: 1)
Speaking in a low voice of loathing she went up to the girl , who stood with the same upright , scornful bearing and did not even look at the knife . (Filtered Words: 0)
The collection may be in an existing library , or it may be built up in a central collection . (Filtered Words: 0)
One always wakes up , even from one's own dreams . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're having a miserable time , aren't you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Similar findings have been noted in a patient with congenital absence of the organification enzymes , whose thyroid tissue could only concentrate iodide . (Filtered Words: 0)
The important people to humanity are not the [FILTERED] and the [FILTERED] but the Schweitzers and the [FILTERED] , and the others like them whose names we will never know . (Filtered Words: 3)
It won't open from inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the Weston house came once [FILTERED] , the president of Smith College who had been one of my old professors and who still called me `` Boy '' when I was sixty . (Filtered Words: 1)
In conferences with Nationalist China's dapper , diminutive Vice President [FILTERED] , Mr. [FILTERED] assured [FILTERED] emissary that the U.S. is as firmly opposed as ever to the admission of Red China to the United Nations . (Filtered Words: 3)
It has been stated that settled cathodoluminescent phosphor screens may have a limiting resolution of 60 Af at high voltage values of approximately 20 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shaw could also give the flyer a pretty good idea of area visibility by a visual check of the mountains to be seen from his station . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three hours later , while we were bailing desperately , a dot of land came into view . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would seem , therefore , that in a civilizational crisis man cannot save himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rilly or [FILTERED] had entered her room while she slept , bringing back her washed clothes . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You cheap , no good , two-timing bitch ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He injected more vitality into the score than it has revealed in many years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Julia , seeing the bandage , rushed to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
News of [FILTERED]'s commitment soon leaked out . (Filtered Words: 1)
Those souls like to wander off , and must be called back . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had just returned my change when the doorman came in off the street to page me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Official congratulations showered upon [FILTERED] and his army . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here in the cool darkness Mr. [FILTERED] could still feel the warmth of midday , could still see the yellow butterflies dancing over the road , could still see the friendly grin on the young , sun-browned face as the driver looked back over his shoulder for a moment before the car streaked out of sight . (Filtered Words: 1)
International Salt Co. v. United States , 332 U. S. 392 , 400-401 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tears burned behind his eyes as he prayed and meditated tonight . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a matter of principle with [FILTERED] , since Britain had declared war in behalf of Poland . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Say that again '' , she pleaded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , the congruence of its secants , that is the image of a general plane field of lines , is of order Af and class Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is mirrored by the individual [FILTERED] , whose ideas and behavior patterns are so dependent and relativistic that they always coincide with those of the individual or group present and most important at the moment . (Filtered Words: 1)
Increased experimentation with multipurpose agencies , especially those that combine afresh the traditional functions of family and child welfare services , holds rich promise for the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
a Marine Corps of 3 divisions and 3 air wings with 175,000 men ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He also sued them for taking toll of grain at their market . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s mouth watered with anticipation when after months of dreaming she sat down at last to her much-craved milk and fresh bread . (Filtered Words: 1)
They were stocky men , well fed and clean-shaven , with neat uniforms and sturdy boots . (Filtered Words: 0)
His son who did not know whether he wanted to be doctor , lawyer , merchant or chief . (Filtered Words: 0)
He caught her by an arm and helped her into the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
He smiled at [FILTERED] and slowly rubbed his hands together . (Filtered Words: 1)
Oh , you'll wobble and weave quite a bit at first . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] does not tell us that [FILTERED] was an aberrant individual . (Filtered Words: 2)
Shortly after the `` Vale '' incident , a rift began to develop between [FILTERED] and Governor [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
How about it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Rain of near cloudburst proportions had fallen for three full days and it was still raining on the morning of Friday , November 4 , 1927 , when officials of the Post Office Department's Railway Mail Service realized that their distribution system for Vermont had been almost totally destroyed overnight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever was the science in the high school course for the time being , that was my favorite study . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , because this vulnerability is mutual , it is to the advantage of neither side to destroy the opponent's cities , at least so long as the opponent has nuclear weapons with which to effect reprisal . (Filtered Words: 0)
New organs of unification proliferated in the decade following the conclusion of the NATO alliance . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- One of the principal aims of anionic polymerization techniques is the synthesis of polymers of extremely narrow molecular weight distribution . (Filtered Words: 0)
How and why this process occurs would provide an interesting separate subject for study . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cannot , e.g. compute the retrograde arc traveled by Mars , without also making suppositions about the earth's own motion . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was standing in front of the mirror , tightening his tie . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was not this dropped primarily in order to `` appease '' the Chinese -- especially after `` Khrushchev's `` humiliating '' surrender to the West in canceling the German peace-treaty deadline of December 31 ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Cattle brought into a range from a distance were called `` immigrants '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brooklyn College is distinctive for not having an official drinking place . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Skip '' Hovarter back in town from a summer in the Reno-Lake Tahoe area where he ran into [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , the Marskmen and Tune Toppers -- all pulling good biz , he says . (Filtered Words: 2)
A few were doubtful about the merits of an exclusive section for married students . (Filtered Words: 0)
After 1815 anti-slavery sentiment mounted , chiefly among Protestants and those of Protestant background of the older stock . (Filtered Words: 0)
One screeched . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can you think of anything to do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Moments later the V-1 skimmed across the landing strip , edging closer and closer to a touchdown -- then in a streamer of dust it landed . (Filtered Words: 0)
I like to shear half my plants at a time , leaving one half of them to blossom while the second half is getting started on its new round of blooming . (Filtered Words: 0)
We wish the President would remember that `` fiscal responsibility '' was the battle-cry of the party that lost the election . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man could travel anywhere he pleased , eat whatever he fancied -- without handing over any money '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could certainly talk . (Filtered Words: 0)
All evening Anthea favored him with odd , coy looks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rev didn't need to break the wax seal , read the contract and find out . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED]'s a good girl '' , my uncle remarked to us ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
and we think them largely futile because , for true excellence of accomplishment , every scholar and every artist must cross boundaries of knowledge and boundaries of points of view . (Filtered Words: 0)
The season , between spring and summer , belongs to life in its carefree aspect . (Filtered Words: 0)
To this meek conjugation [FILTERED] had replied , `` O.K. I can use this blanket . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It's ten o'clock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of being depressed by this news , Mr. [FILTERED] was actually relieved . (Filtered Words: 1)
Students are approximately equally divided between those who regard vocational preparation as the primary goal of an ideal education and those who chose a general liberal education . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who had driven hundreds of miles for the burial would not go home , for she might die any time ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned away and returned in a moment with a pint of brandy in a small paper sack which he slid over the counter to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
What we need is more vocational training in high schools , not more dropouts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Impatiently . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will occur to anyone that the teacher must have adequate education , a depth and breadth of knowledge far beyond the immediate necessities of his course plus complete dedication to his subject and to his students . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] cafes (Filtered Words: 1)
A veteran Jackson County legislator will ask the Georgia House Monday to back federal aid to education , something it has consistently opposed in the past . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four cars were parked at the curb , and two of them were police radio cars . (Filtered Words: 0)
as the influence of learning and environment are felt , emotional behavior becomes individualized . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guest assignments are scheduled for November 14 and 18 , with the Orchestra Sinfonica Siciliana in Palermo and the Orchestra of Radio Cologne . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] screamed . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was a divine justice in one wrong thus undoing another . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw them , specks against the gray , but closing fast . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You mean this punk can brush me aside and I've got to hold still for it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Wexler admitted in earlier court hearings that he issued grand jury subpenas to about 200 persons involved in the election investigation , questioned the individuals in the Criminal courts building , but did not take them before the grand jury . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kitty screamed insanely and her face was white . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s glance went to a chart of guest names and room numbers hanging on the wall behind the clerk . (Filtered Words: 1)
They do not destroy physical structures as is true of high explosives . (Filtered Words: 0)
In such conditions all freedoms are lost . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED] once proposed to corral an `` aristocracy of brains '' in Hanover . (Filtered Words: 1)
What was he to do now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It is a duty '' , said Hough , `` not to let pass this opportunity of protesting against the methods of taking and printing testimony in Equity , current in this circuit ( and probably others ) , excused if not justified by the rules of the Supreme Court , especially to be found in patent causes , and flagrantly exemplified in this litigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is plain that a warning system , however efficient , is not enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actual mileage allowances are well-administered and not unduly expensive for the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bartender brought Rourke's drink and [FILTERED] laid a twenty-dollar bill on the bar . (Filtered Words: 1)
When he finally left the sinister mansion on Perdido Street , he was carried out in a coroner's basket . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Rummaging in the dew '' , said [FILTERED] coldly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sparrow-size [FILTERED] , with sparkling blue eyes and a cheerful smile , made a suitably perky Amy , while [FILTERED] , as the real aunt , was positively monumental in the very best [FILTERED] manner . (Filtered Words: 3)
He has served in positions of greater glamour , both at home and abroad ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( [FILTERED] ) and [FILTERED] ( J. D. Cannon ) took their places on the stage . (Filtered Words: 3)
And when they had got to their little lawn , they had had a most twirlingly magnificent time . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the case of social decay , form is displaced simply by the process of dissolution with no form at the terminus of the process . (Filtered Words: 0)
The conversion will cost a fortune . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually back in Concord by noon , there was just time to get partially thawed out , refuel , and grab a bit of Mrs. [FILTERED]'s hot broth before starting the second trip . (Filtered Words: 1)
For display , Dr. [FILTERED] uses a portion of an Af , an airborne radar indicator , and then photographs the screen to obtain a permanent record . (Filtered Words: 1)
And she felt amply rewarded for her suffering when the evidence of [FILTERED]'s quack shenanigans , gathered by the tape recorder under her friend's clothing , proved adequate in court for convicting Franklin D. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
That's why the British never got the tribes to fight for the King . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abstract (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] to be alone , Theresa climbed the splendid outdoor staircase that opened to her left . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dr. [FILTERED] saw at once what had happened . (Filtered Words: 1)
Service at these levels of production and utilization will eventually require the construction of about 379,900 miles of new roads and 6,000 miles of new trails , along with the reconstruction to higher standards of about 105,000 miles of roads and 10,500 miles of trails . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the hero , [FILTERED] , explains before his conversion , the job of advertising is `` to convince people without letting them know that they're being convinced '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
I won't bite , you know '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He really didn't take the offer seriously , but he began to feel uneasy . (Filtered Words: 0)
In analyzing the watercolors of [FILTERED] , the first thing that comes to mind is their essential decorativeness , yet this word has such a varied connotation that it needs some elaboration here . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We regard it as fair only when each party feels that what he has received is as valuable , or more valuable , than what he has given '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He called Pike a thief . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was it all vain labor ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But that's hardly realistic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other witnesses , after appearances before the jury , which reportedly is probing into possible income tax violations , disclosed that government prosecutors were attempting to connect [FILTERED] and his company with a number of gangsters , including Glimco and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
He is particularly vulnerable to diabetes . (Filtered Words: 0)
She met my eyes , suddenly angry . (Filtered Words: 0)
The aborigine lives on the cruelest land I have ever seen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Movable panels of floor-to-ceiling maps and charts are crammed with intelligence information . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was , I felt , possible that they were men who , having received no tickets for that day , had remained in the hall , to sleep perhaps , in the corners farthest removed from the counter with its overhead light . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of the men on our campus have a pretty set curriculum , especially in the various engineering fields , with few electives till the senior year . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That'll be a pleasure to see '' , the big black murmured as he stared down the barrel of his rifle . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have learned a lot -- a dash of hydrochemistry here , a bit about plumbing and pump-priming there . (Filtered Words: 0)
They have little `` esprit de corps '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a two-story house , one unit may be installed in the basement to serve the first floor , another in the attic to cool the second . (Filtered Words: 0)
The site (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor [FILTERED] said last night he plans to name a committee to make the study and come up with recommendations for possible changes in time for the next session of the General Assembly . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the tool crib she can't get away '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The automatic leveling system described in this section is readily adaptable to a gyro-stabilized platform consisting of three integrating gyros . (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine for each State ( except the Virgin Islands , Guam , Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii ) , that percentage which bears the same ration to 40% as the particular State's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite several years of front-page stories , the average citizen was unable to get a complete picture of [FILTERED] until he saw on the television screen what the reporters had been seeing all along but had no effective way of communicating . (Filtered Words: 1)
Unfortunately , this assumption does not always hold good . (Filtered Words: 0)
( No additional five thousand for each year after [FILTERED]'s twenty-first birthday ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He lived and breathed for the mining company . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you ever been to Ryusenji '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The way a house is set on its lot can therefore influence how much cooling you're going to need . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am with you , of course , Tomas '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
States which provide automobiles for employees assign them variously to the agency , the individual , or to a central pool . (Filtered Words: 0)
Teaching is at present a sellers' market ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey's fist and the air expelled from the man's collapsing cheek made a hollow pop in the air like cupped hands clapping together . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result is rather wonderful , but so rich as to be indigestible if taken in too thick slices . (Filtered Words: 0)
In time , and two drinks later , he was complaining bitterly about his wife , He was on the subject for ten minutes or so when he noticed the renewed interest in his listener -- it showed in the alert face and the suddenly bright eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The maturity in this point of view lies in its recognition that no basic problem is ever solved without being clearly understood . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Does it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She yelped . (Filtered Words: 0)
His car could pick you up at your hotel at twelve '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Keep straight ahead on the [FILTERED] , cross the wide Via Arenula , and you will come to the Piazza B. Cairoli , where you should look in at the Church of San Carlo Ai Catinari to see the frescoes on the ceiling . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Sure , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He said tensely , `` All right . (Filtered Words: 0)
A sketch of the emotional value of the study of literature would have to take account of all of these . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know what you heard that would make you think so , but I assure you I don't even know myself , so how can you be so sure ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Letting the administration take details off their hands would give them more time to inform themselves about education as a whole , an area that would benefit by more faculty attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wind blows where it will , and thou hearest its sound but dost not know where it comes from or where it goes . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the Griffin-Byrd political troup has completed the circuit in November in the name of a Pre-Legislative Forum , this is going to be the most politically oriented Legislature in history . (Filtered Words: 0)
How long you may stay outside . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Scared the hell out of him '' , Kahler grinned . (Filtered Words: 0)
I guess it's this hot weather '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We found some owls had built a nest in the chimney , milord , but I promise you you'll never have trouble of that sort again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sermons are given by the College Chaplain , by members of the faculty , or by guest preachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
They made sense and yet they didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the study of marriage patterns for this group , consanguinity produces the structural system -- a system of affinities -- which , in turn , maintains the system of consanguinity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The air , he said , was just right ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This is done at varying speeds , ranging from the slow and fast [FILTERED] ( a musical term meaning double strings ) to the fastest , ecstatic Karshilama ( meaning greetings or welcome ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here Mr. [FILTERED] met us after a three-hour train trip from the town where he teaches . (Filtered Words: 1)
Where it is not actually erupting , it rumbles and smolders in sullen resentment like a volcano , ready to explode at any moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Straightened out -- They'd had years of making all that money ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The manservant [FILTERED] and his mistress , [FILTERED] , were pursuing a young girl -- an octoroon of cameo-like beauty -- across the front lawn of the [FILTERED] mansion . (Filtered Words: 3)
She asked innocently . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's the only copy I've got '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is why , the argument runs , the squares are so fearful of jazz and yet perversely fascinated by it . (Filtered Words: 0)
And how many of these were sons ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It lies in institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
On his bookshelves were some of the latest American novels , including [FILTERED]'s Seize The Day , but he hadn't read them ( they were sent by American publishers ) and wasn't especially interested in what the American writers were up to . (Filtered Words: 1)
Quint closed the screen door quietly so Maggie wouldn't be scared . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , the writer has never experienced such spontaneity of discussion after film showings . (Filtered Words: 0)
But for it to be just to attain this same result by means of the force of a boycott throughout the nation would require the verification of facts contrary to those assumed in the foregoing case . (Filtered Words: 0)
The state presently owns 389 passenger vehicles in comparison to approximately 200 in 1940 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He succeeded almost too well , because once she rose as if to charge , and he half wheeled his horse -- he was within fifty feet -- but she sank back . (Filtered Words: 0)
These seem about the only two ways in which the `` unhappy incident '' can now be closed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] rolled up the revised script he had been studying . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her voice dropped . (Filtered Words: 0)
Analysis (Filtered Words: 0)
Danger cited (Filtered Words: 0)
I would try to memorize landmarks and saw in a half-hour that it was hopeless . (Filtered Words: 0)
He loathed the idea of drying up swamps or the chills of malaria or of leaving his natural birthright . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw Mose squatting by the hearth , breaking up hardtack into a pan . (Filtered Words: 0)
All three are purposely kept small , with a current total enrollment of about two hundred . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dandy , curiosity overcoming his apprehensions , peered out at the doctor from the window of the vehicle . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is , first and foremost , a defender of public morals , a servant of society . (Filtered Words: 0)
A woman who dominates other family affairs will dominate the sexual relationship as well '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He recognized her because she was the one who , in a winter twilight , on the edge of camp , had once stopped him and reached down her hand to touch his fly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes she even wore the uniform in solid , unrelieved black , and with her blonde hair cut so closely , wearing this uniform , she strongly resembled a member of the SS. . (Filtered Words: 0)
After what seemed several seconds , the open mouth grew dark inside then blood began to ooze from it . (Filtered Words: 0)
But preservation of the natural beauty of the Cape is of more than regional concern , for the automobile age has made it the recreation spot of people from all over the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the metal shutters closed , the dining room was so dark that it seemed still night in there . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is expected to be reported out Tuesday , but this is a little uncertain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The real trouble seems to be the failing imagination of U.S. playwrights . (Filtered Words: 0)
The eyes followed him fearfully . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was , of course , more to the portrait of a lady you carried in your mind's eye than the sine qua non of her virtue . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was his complete discussion of [FILTERED] as a possible suspect . (Filtered Words: 1)
The keys were still in it , and I was miles away before I remembered that my clothes and purse and everything were still in the little cabana where I'd changed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet actually `` the image corresponded in no way to the actualities of the post-war world . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he'd find out about this one because we were using it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perier's intrigues gained some successes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of it is panelized and utilizes standard materials , and requires the use of only simple tools . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was fascinated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It excuses these actions as being the chain reaction to basic errors made in the previous administration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early interest (Filtered Words: 0)
Some critics say that the length of stay in a hospital is too long . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Glaze with two coats of matt glazes in turquoise with touches of blossom pink on lid . (Filtered Words: 0)
These assumptions lead to an organization with one man at the top , six directly under him , six under each of these , and so on until there are six levels of personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cell dimensions , number of formula units per cell , space group , and specific gravity are given for all substances . (Filtered Words: 0)
He walked over to the right-hand door , opened it and got the reloaded automatic out of the glove compartment and put it in his hip pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone had moved beyond the range of the light from the window . (Filtered Words: 0)
What of the efficiency of this natural instrument of free discussion ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But the only love I was giving him was the pure kind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe it's taking longer to get things squared away than the bankers expected . (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctor instantly asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clumps of brush that they passed were so many enchained demons straining in anger to tear and gnaw on his bones . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although it was at the Battle of The Little Horn , about which more words have been written than any other battle in American history , that the 7th Cavalry first made its mark in history , the regiment was ten years old by then . (Filtered Words: 0)
For many readers [FILTERED] comes closer than anyone else in sight . (Filtered Words: 1)
These affairs temporarily relieved the monotony of school or work activities containing no anticipation of achievement and joy of craftsmanship , no sense of dignity derived from a job well done . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
) But the inner , formal logic of Cubism , as it worked itself out through the collage , had just as much to do with shaping their decision . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this country , the two guiding lights are , without doubt , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Lautner , for his part , `` belonged to the present-day race of small artists , who do not demand the utmost of themselves '' , and the bitter description of the type includes such epithets as `` wretched little poseurs '' , the devastating indictment `` they do not know how to be wretched decently and in order '' , and the somewhat extreme prophecy , so far not fulfilled : `` They will be destroyed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Esther looked at me . (Filtered Words: 0)
A good word for it is fellowship . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , George ( Papa ) Gill , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] at the Mouse Trap . (Filtered Words: 6)
The data show daily and diurnal variations . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked [FILTERED] to find out whether the money had been paid and , if not , to send to the lodging of Sir [FILTERED] and entreat him to pay what he owed . (Filtered Words: 2)
His toes pointed out toward the walls . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was an almost exact copy of his father physically and it was strange to see the expected become the unexpected . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- Welcome into the fellowship (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where'd your friend Hoag get his information '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
This letter concluded with an invitation : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
He can coin a neat phrase : `` a street spattered with an invigoration of people '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He paused on the landing to steady his breathing and then bent to examine the single door by the light of the weak bulb overhead . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s wife and two of his sons , [FILTERED] , 17 , and [FILTERED] , 13 , were inside the house . (Filtered Words: 3)
5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
His rage had built up as he made his way here from the second floor , helped by the quantity of champagne he had consumed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Always '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of the John Birch Society : `` Paddle your own canoe . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then the boycott would not be secondary , but a primary one . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pilot lagoon was located as shown in Figure 1 to serve the area just south of the existing housing area . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one-shot , the isocyanate , polyester or polyether resin , catalyst , and other additives are mixed directly and a foam is produced immediately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tall , blonde , blue-eyes , fair , buxom without being heavy , she cut a fine figure of budding womanhood as she swished among the pupils in her fresh , starched summer dress . (Filtered Words: 0)
But that indictment was never made . (Filtered Words: 0)
Skorich , however , is a strong advocate of a balanced attack -- split between running and passing . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can install it yourself -- this is a central system that will cool every part of your house . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fear possessed me , and the certainty of war '' , he has related . (Filtered Words: 0)
see the lightning flash ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Study surface of clay for defects or desired corrections . (Filtered Words: 0)
How did it happen , for example , that the state university , that great symbol of American democracy , failed to flourish in New England as it did in other parts of the country ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The orderly room seemed to be deserted . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , he did not want to offend [FILTERED] either , and he found himself in a very difficult position . (Filtered Words: 1)
He picked up the powder canister and ran out . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got a science scholarship to Yale '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They took nearly a month to investigate , marshal statistics , and put their arguments down in black and white . (Filtered Words: 0)
He smiled also at a British bloke seated next to me , who asked the most asinine questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the information on the dynamics of population was often quite misleading . (Filtered Words: 0)
The department needs a clearer `` sense of direction '' at the top and it needs fewer , but better , people , Sen. [FILTERED] says . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the year to date , sales of the company's farm equipment dealers still lag about 5% behind 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Threat of closing the cannery is a recent one . (Filtered Words: 0)
But for all the manifest intention to `` show off '' , this was a circus with a difference , for instead of descending in quality to what is known as a popular level , it added further to the evidence that this is a very great dancing company . (Filtered Words: 0)
There have been a number of sound plans proposed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The snake slid slowly and with great care from the new ridge the plow had made , into the furrow and did not go any further . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was [FILTERED] who thought of lessening the shock , which conscription always brings to a country , by substituting `` Greetings from your neighbors '' for the recruiting sergeant , and registration in familiar voting places rather than at military installations . (Filtered Words: 1)
Wilson made up his mind that he must receive at least $2,500 , but when he mentioned this to the Deacons they said nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
As an aid in the prevention of bacterial diarrhea ( scours ) , feed 50 grams per ton . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pick the flowers , keep the soil dampened , and each of the pegged-down branches will take root and become a little plant and go on blooming for the rest of the season . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Two Americans and seven Cubans were executed by firing squads today as [FILTERED] military tribunals began decreeing the death penalty for captured invasion forces and suspected collaborators . (Filtered Words: 1)
This Sparky can rack and single-foot and he's the fastest thing in Washoe County . (Filtered Words: 0)
His eyes were clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Go on home '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
When such a reference is found , an actual address is assigned and the availability table is changed so that the assigned index word or switch is no longer available for later assignment . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] didn't have today's advantages of Instrument Flight and Ground Control Approach systems . (Filtered Words: 1)
Washington , July 24 (Filtered Words: 0)
It hadn't amounted to anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a police car outside . (Filtered Words: 0)
The shadows cast by the personages of Greek and [FILTERED] drama lengthen into a greater darkness . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is remembered and has been commemorated by a bust in a park and a square in the city which was renamed Piazzo Lauro Di Bosis after the war . (Filtered Words: 0)
faint creaking of belts and slings ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Past , yes , but important . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the central level the scrutin uninominal voting system was selected over some form of the scrutin de liste system , even though the latter had been recommended by [FILTERED] and favored by all political parties . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nevertheless , it remained one of the most splendid churches of the Eastern Empire , where the Byzantine Emperors were crowned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , that's what I meant to tell you . (Filtered Words: 0)
I walked into the living room . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had exactly 20 minutes to get down to the test strip '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where sewing is concerned , I'm a total loss . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also sued them for taking toll of grain at their market . (Filtered Words: 0)
Local authorities credited the men with saving the girl's life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neighbor women , such as Mrs. [FILTERED] , 2269 Serra , Sterling Township , have been supplying the family with meals and handling household chores with [FILTERED]'s sister-in-law , Mrs. Anna [FILTERED] , 22111 David , East Detroit . (Filtered Words: 3)
Laurel is gone , my men are gone , [FILTERED] is dead -- and you come to me , to help me . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even strange names seemed to make them feel closer to some kind of civilization when stumbled across out here in this wilderness . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got back into the batter's box and on the next pitch dropped into the dirt again . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You think the Russians are getting ahead of us in comedy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His thoughts were scattered by the sharp report of a rifle from the other side of the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
His own fate he accepted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your cousin Finley saw to that . (Filtered Words: 0)
The headquarters of [FILTERED] was on a farm , said to have been particularly well located so as to prevent the farmers nearby from trading with the British , a practice all too common to those who preferred to sell their produce for British gold rather than the virtually worthless Continental currency . (Filtered Words: 1)
and the broad , opaque shapes of pasted paper would have been isolated in such a way as to make them jump out of plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most reaction can achieve is stasis , and a stasis that can be maintained only by the expenditure of an effort which ultimately exhausts itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has made only one second-half appearance this season and that was in the Washington State game , for four plays : he returned the kickoff 30 yards , gained five yards through the line and then uncorked a 56-yard touchdown run before retiring to the bench . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I don't want it '' , [FILTERED] said , firmly . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was biting into a small red radish ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Central was rebuffed by the other two railroads in previous attempts to make it a three-way merger . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] grinned . (Filtered Words: 1)
The effort produced a valuable record of stage techniques in the early years of the century and some interesting records of great theater figures who would otherwise be only names . (Filtered Words: 0)
Romans 3 : 10-12 , 23 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Makes necessary purchases , places contracts , supervises construction , installation , finishing and placement of furniture , fixtures and other correlated furnishings , and follows through to completion of project '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
stereo [FILTERED] ) , a saga of life on a cruise ship that is not apt to be included among Mr. [FILTERED]'s more memorable works . (Filtered Words: 2)
Failing this , he would pull alongside at the first opportunity and shake his fist threateningly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the children of the family could not pronounce this name and called her [FILTERED] , a soubriquet [FILTERED] liked so much she has been [FILTERED] ever since . (Filtered Words: 3)
He realized that he had no idea where the telephone was . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mickie had a pleasant glow as he said , `` You see , both of them , I mean the President and [FILTERED] , are romantics . (Filtered Words: 1)
Business firms provide 20 weeks of practical employment to supplement classroom instruction in these fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bus was burned outside Anniston . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I should explain : there's more here for me than advocating my little dream , there's you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sculptor looked at him , let the color drain out of his face , grinned , and looked down into his drink , a bad Martini made with raw Italian gin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conscience and religion are concerned with private sin : The civil law is concerned with public crimes . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are suggestive of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I asked him if it was true . (Filtered Words: 0)
Colored fellow named [FILTERED] -- only hand she has working for her now . (Filtered Words: 1)
His petition charged mental cruelty . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To learn what we do is the first step for improvement . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] movements are the '' , creation of pimps who live off writers . (Filtered Words: 1)
And carried him backward in a footballer's tackle . (Filtered Words: 0)
If art is to release us from these postulated things ( things we must think symbolically about ) and bring us back to the ineffable beauty and richness of the aesthetic component of reality in its immediacy , it must sever its connection with these common sense entities '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In actual practice , the values most readily amenable to measurement are the cutting force Af and the shear angle Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] argued the cause for the United States . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the doctor is conscientious , he wants to study the patient . (Filtered Words: 0)
Red man or white man , pacifist or killer , the forest would accept them all -- knowing that it could thrive equally well on slaughter and beneficence ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not a heavy , ponderous [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had swished away , she had been gone for a long time probably when [FILTERED] suddenly realized that she ought to stop her , pour out the coffee , so no one would drink it . (Filtered Words: 1)
But , I'm telling you , it'll be turned down -- you don't understand the System yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
This Partisan above all did ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Diethylstilbestrol . (Filtered Words: 0)
I got a coin between my thumb and forefinger , leaned my elbows in a very natural and casual manner on top of the truck cab and flipped my little missile . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are few data on the boa constrictor , those for the anaconda are unconvincing , and there is nothing at all on the amethystine python . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presently , Hardwicke-Etter employs 300-450 people , depending on the season of the year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three separate amplifiers then drive a 21-inch tricolor tube . (Filtered Words: 0)
per kilowatt-hour , and a $2 charge for a maximum demand of 2 kilowatts during the month at the rate of $1 per kilowatt -- a total bill of $8 for that month . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sir [FILTERED] , writing in 1898 , put himself firmly in the Lappenburg-Kemble tradition by attacking the veracity of the West Saxon annals . (Filtered Words: 1)
It would appear that it should be possible to determine unique mechanisms for the thermal and photochemical reactions in both the liquid and gas phases and to determine values for activation energies of some of the intermediate reactions of atoms and free radicals , as well as information on the heat of dissociation of the carbon-halogen bond . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although there are landscapes in the show ( one of the strongest is a vista of `` Gloucester Harbor '' in 1915 ) , the human element was the compelling factor in [FILTERED]'s art . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] tossed his glove away and began to swing at the catcher . (Filtered Words: 1)
See half of 'em in their graves before I choose my own coffin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grosse quietly got a broom and started to sweep up the sugar . (Filtered Words: 0)
That night the two of them left for a week's honeymoon in Acapulco . (Filtered Words: 0)
They took Jesus's body , then , and wrapped it in winding-clothes with the spices ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As a consequence of the tensions thus produced in his thoughts and feelings , he wrote on the one hand sketches of idealized hunting trips and on the other an anecdote of the village of Hardscrabble , Arkansas , where no one had ever seen a piano ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Others admitted he was absolutely correct -- he never slept . (Filtered Words: 0)
He strong as a bull but gentle as a baby . (Filtered Words: 0)
I mean our children '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Investors studying the toll-road bonds for opportunities find that not all roads are nearing their goals . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Heretic '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A message of less than fifteen words to [FILTERED] cost twenty-five cents . (Filtered Words: 1)
The most conclusively identified is L-5-vinyl-2-thio-oxazolidone , which was isolated from rutabaga ( Greer , 1950 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
For no particular reason , other than that the writer felt it might -- just might -- encourage both mates to be in attendance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would the man make it or not ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It took this colt several weeks to strike a pace . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] impressive (Filtered Words: 1)
In this section '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I didn't really use yours '' , she went on . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had two productive periods , one in the late 1860's , the other in the decade from 1910 to 1920 ( half of the dated poems are from the latter period , and these alone total about one-tenth of all Hardy's poems ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The common codes , for religious action as such and in their ethical aspects for everyday moral behavior , bind the devotees together . (Filtered Words: 0)
Popping upright , the marine waved both hands and shouted . (Filtered Words: 0)
This organizational network would be of no avail if there were no regulations pertaining to the types of message sent . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the brief were Solicitor General Rankin , Assistant Attorney General [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and J. F. Bishop . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] cursed steadily . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` When your mother was here he must have been a young boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] said that he had consulted several Superior Court justices in the last week and received opinions favoring both procedures . (Filtered Words: 1)
then he turned to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Increases gains , improves feed efficiency , and reduces losses from bacterial infections listed under `` How To Feed '' section . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took the broken length of it around the tractor and I took one of the wrenches from the tool-kit and I struck its head , not looking at it , to kill it at last , for it could never live . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is sex that obsesses them , sex that is at the basis of their aesthetic creed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a new house , generous roof overhangs are a logical and effective solution . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may not be responsible '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
League regularly stands on the side of right (Filtered Words: 0)
For this reason , he says , the density of the universe always remains the same even though the galaxies are zooming away in all directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bridget's testimony was in direct contradiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or a Protestant , or one of those amusing dogmatic atheists , or a strict orthodox Communist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the directors nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Everything tasted differently from what it does on land and those things I was most fond of at home , I loathed the most here '' , [FILTERED] noted . (Filtered Words: 1)
A team for useful research . (Filtered Words: 0)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I figured he was sick '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a rich village but not much for action -- too many solid residents , not enough tourists or working stiffs . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am an attorney , not an instrument of vengeance '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
' I think you had better leave ' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
These courses develop skills other than those we think of when we use the adjective `` academic '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
SBA business loans are of two types : `` participation '' and `` direct '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the factor of physical isolation is not a static situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't have to be told his son looked like him . (Filtered Words: 0)
A quibusdam , , audivi nuper [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Today , the boat , on its trailer , is brought to the gear and loaded at the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cuban S.S.R. : Whatever may have been the setbacks resulting from the unsuccessful attempt of the Cuban rebels to establish a beachhead on the [FILTERED]-held mainland last week , there was at least one positive benefit , and that was the clear-cut revelation to the whole world of the complete conversion of Cuba into a Russian-dominated military base . (Filtered Words: 1)
But then the so-called coffee was bad enough at best , cold it was all but undrinkable -- especially that cup ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Only too often , however , you have the feeling that you are sitting in a room with some of the instruments lined up on one wall to your left and others facing them on the wall to your right . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cannot describe eclipses without entertaining some form of a three-body problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lean and leathery Oklahoma amateur , who has been playing topnotch tournament golf for many years , refused to let the Masters jitters overtake him and closed the tournament with his second straight 69 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shrugged casually . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's a church you should see '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Stalag , Helion came to know and love his comrades , most of them plain folk , who , in their extremity , showed true courage and ran great risks to help each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
The police were disqualified along with certain categories of naturalized citizens , criminals and those punished for Protectorate activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'd found it by luck most likely but she hadn't said anything and we didn't know how long ago it'd been or how many other ones she'd found , saying nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
however , he will have a clearer understanding of what he is doing and the chances are he will be more successful if he understands the few formulas that apply to rodding . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since rococo music tends to be pretty and elegant above all , it can seem rather vacuous to twentieth-century ears that have grown accustomed to the stress and dissonances of composers from Beethoven to Boulez . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he had never seen the mountainous half of his native land north of [FILTERED] , including the royal capital , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` You may have seen me on TV '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Curt caught him flush on the nose with a blow which started at the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kiss me again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'd driven around for a while , [FILTERED] said , then , thinking [FILTERED] would have calmed down by that time , she'd gone back to his home on Bryn Mawr Drive , parked in front , and walked toward the pool . (Filtered Words: 2)
His tone is the weakest part of his equipment ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The BOD of the raw sewage was typical of domestic sewage from a subdivision . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a spare battery , a source of light for 2 weeks or more would be assured . (Filtered Words: 0)
There would be side-conclusions to be drawn , of course ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Bruises and black eyes were relieved by application of raw beefsteak . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's why I only put towels on his chest and belly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sighing , [FILTERED] dropped the paper and stood up . (Filtered Words: 1)
These totaled 6,768 pieces of correspondence . (Filtered Words: 0)
He needs existential completion , he needs , that is , to move in the direction of completion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still another , annoyed by the brevity of a recently received missive , wrote : `` yore letter was short and sweet , jist like a roasted maget '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
An isotropic resonance shift of Af to lower applied fields indicates a weak isotropic hyperfine contact interaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's one hell of a decent boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll see , [FILTERED]'s settling down '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
they exhibit a keen interest in social , political , and economic problems , but they frequently have vague and incorrect notions about the terms they use rather glibly in their routine school work . (Filtered Words: 0)
We want the past forgiven , but at the same time we must be willing for God to direct the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
Distillers use corn , malt , wheat , grain sorghum , and rye in making beverage alcohol . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hoag grabbed him by the shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only public understanding and support can provide that service . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] cracked loudly under her feet ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
No , motive is a part of fact . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of the cells and microorganisms which are transparent to visible light , absorb or reflect the much shorter wavelengths of the ultraviolet spectrum . (Filtered Words: 0)
See Chapter 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There has been a tendency on the part of many American linguists to assume that a phonemic transcription will automatically be the best possible orthography and that the only real problem will then be the social one of securing acceptance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind Ramey feet scraped beneath sharp questioning whispers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What are you talking about , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] careened backward , his back arched , fought for balance and , failing , stumbled against the newel post at the foot of the stairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Alfred walked past him without a word and got into the car . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be assumed that differences in ratings due to selection of growth centers from specific regions of the body will be small , according to existing tables of onset age and completion age for centers throughout the body . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Blanche's defense , it must be said she was unaware of the newborn hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
Didi and [FILTERED] hover on the edge of suicide ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
On this basis , certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inhibition of the enzyme by very low concentrations of lanthanum ion is probably the strongest known biological effect of rare earth salts . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would have to do something on his own . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said nothing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Resuming atmospheric tests (Filtered Words: 0)
writes : Does the cholesterol go down when most of the thyroid gland is removed ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was good . (Filtered Words: 0)
After three weeks' swift sailing , however , the ship entered an area of shallow marshes and river deltas . (Filtered Words: 0)
And after [FILTERED] had talked to Mrs. [FILTERED] and to others , he was absolutely amazed . (Filtered Words: 2)
I had developed too foolproof a facade to be afraid of self-betrayal . (Filtered Words: 0)
This agreeable state of affairs is explicable , I think , on two counts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beginning July 4 , there will be an orchestra playing nightly except Sunday and Monday for the summer season . (Filtered Words: 0)
That halted the rush . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was where the pegboard would go on which he would hang his hand tools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought : Where the hell could he have gone ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I said quietly , gaining nerve , ready to ask any question at all , no matter how intimate , ready to be rebuffed , `` Then why did she leave Israel ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` At least there is room here '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You cheap bitch '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The rancher grunted an acknowledgement but didn't move . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , `` Do you think you'll miss school '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There were more indications by the mid-twentieth century . (Filtered Words: 0)
On October 19 , after the Soviets had detonated at least 20 nuclear devices , Ambassador [FILTERED] warned the UN General Assembly that this country , in `` self protection '' , might have to resume above-ground tests . (Filtered Words: 1)
The terrible vision of the ghetto streets flooded his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Baby , I saw a lot of old friends I hadn't seen in a long time '' , he told me , his eyes bright . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are determined to prove something . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was early exposed to the mechanical world , and in his youth often helped his father , [FILTERED] , master clock and watchmaker , as he plied his trade . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Well -- what about the money '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There are obvious reasons of convenience for this practice of excluding `` cost of capital '' from the direct apportionment of annual costs among the different classes of service -- notably , the avoidance of the controversial question what rate of return should be held to constitute `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're lighter than me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the telephoning began . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stern face would relax , the black-clad arms would embrace him , `` My son '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Two letters had arrived for Miss Theresa Stubblefield : she put them in her bag . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , T may not have a single characteristic value ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Listen , mister . (Filtered Words: 0)
No sooner had I started drinking than the driver started zigzagging the truck . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I vowed to take care of you -- and that's what I'm gonna do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED]'s work is written for the stage -- it is mentioned for an off-Broadway production in the fall -- and , in addition , employs an avant-garde structure that particularly needs to be seen if comprehension is to be encouraged . (Filtered Words: 1)
The old man beckoned with one finger and [FILTERED] went forward to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
This , in turn , brought a new fashion in senatorial criticism as the Democrats took control . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My father walked , through two miles of snow , in Illinois '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , direct comparisons can be drawn with free burning arcs which have been studied in detail during the past years and decades by numerous investigators ( Ref. 3 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
In general , however , the timetable of travel lags considerably behind that of the student at Harvard or Smith . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proof . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first thing to do is get her some money by a temporary but definite adjustment pending a final disposition of the case . (Filtered Words: 0)
The room filled with smoke , and [FILTERED]'s head throbbed with excitement and fatigue , but Stuart had such a happy , earnest look of proud possession on his face that [FILTERED] couldn't bear to do anything to quench it . (Filtered Words: 2)
Body heat in the close quarters will help keep up the temperature . (Filtered Words: 0)
A bridged-T type of bridge was used in the 10 - 16 Mc/sec range . (Filtered Words: 0)
Relationship of Anxiety to compulsivity (Filtered Words: 0)
We cannot now speak of maximizing the value of the objective function , since this function is now known only in a probabilistic sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even more of an obstacle is the difficulty of separating the influence of Christianity from other factors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next to the ocean , probably the loneliest spot was the desert . (Filtered Words: 0)
Autos whizzed past . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another result is that buyers are tending to bid up the prices of these tax-exempt bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Howard , who had been sitting against the wall , said he needed more fresh air , and took the spot on the edge of the porch where [FILTERED] had been sitting . (Filtered Words: 1)
If you are a party thrower , you may need added capacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Y'all wanna walk -- walk '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
His schedule calls for a noon speech Monday in [FILTERED] at the Emerald Empire Kiwanis Club . (Filtered Words: 1)
It truly relives another age for the inhabitants use carriages rather than autos and old British and French forts are left intact for tourists to visit and record . (Filtered Words: 0)
They talked and wrote much about the elemental functions of the body . (Filtered Words: 0)
The family home was , in fact , a temple ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a response , of course , misses the point that in crisis order is going out of existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the World Series hero of the Pittsburgh Pirates , and [FILTERED] , the former manager of the Yankees . (Filtered Words: 2)
across the land . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They've got no official standing on this side of the Bay . (Filtered Words: 0)
There would be no halos , no angels . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the citizens would , of course , never be sure that the decisions that resulted were as correct as they were expeditious . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' , Calenda said , his voice still quiet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too bad a jury isn't involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her words jumbled together and she all but ran from the office and from the question in [FILTERED]'s face . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , during any given year ( A ) if the revenues from the residential service are $7,000,000 , ( B ) if the operating expenses imputed to this class of service come to $5,000,000 , and ( C ) if the net investment in ( or value of ) the plant and equipment deemed devoted to this service amounts to $30,000,000 , the cost analyst will report that residential service , in the aggregate , has yielded a return of $2,000,000 or 6-2/3 per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Avoid doubling up on the same item . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experiment without a fixed number of trials . (Filtered Words: 0)
Summary (Filtered Words: 0)
In such a world the words `` matter '' and `` spirit '' both referred to directly known realities in the common experience of all . (Filtered Words: 0)
It tells us of the ancient human desire to see the highest wisdom joined to the highest sensual beauty . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Coolidges did not always live at the White House during the Presidency . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this work , his use of non-color is startling and skillful . (Filtered Words: 0)
morning-glory buds which could be so grasped and squeezed that they burst like a blown-up paper bag ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It gave the rubberized fabric a dull gleam , like metal . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They can be going along , doing little damage , then bang , bang -- they can hit a couple of passes on you for touchdowns and put you in trouble '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
after all , the large ( and probably unreliable ) Reader's Digest literature on the `` most unforgettable character I ever met '' deals with village grocers , country doctors , favorite if illiterate aunts , and so forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Temperature , wind , oxygen content , depth , bottom character , and animal life are the chief environmental variables . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could hear Mrs. [FILTERED] now , warning her pale guest against sunburn . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made it clear from the beginning that this was the students' opportunity , and that the future destiny of such groups depended on favorable results from this one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Physical exercise raises the appestat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would you like to organize Teen Hunters Clubs , shooting programs , and have information on seasons including six months of hunting with unlimited game bags on shooting preserves ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Husky young man '' , he said with mock distaste . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Shake '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , but breakfast first '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was filled with black Nazi uniforms and the dirty brownish ones of their Auxiliaries . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the way he stopped at the desk to receive his mail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet , he was here . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had obtained and provisioned a veteran ship called the Discovery and had recruited a crew of twenty-one , the largest he had ever commanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time even she did not answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
London explains that the very distinct directional effect in the Phase 4 series is due in large part to their novel methods of microphoning and recording the music on a number of separate tape channels . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm sure it'll be in the files . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some recent writings assume that the ignorant young couples are a thing of the remote , Victorian past ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sure '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , if Af and Af are two planes intersecting in a line l , tangent to Q at a point P , the two free intersections of the image curves Af and Af must coincide at P' , the image of P , and at this point Af and Af must have a common tangent l' . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , since the pencil contains a secant of **zg it actually contains only Af singular lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know you've got talent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just when it was needed for the campaign , Hearst Paper No. 8 , the Boston American , began publication . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hardly glancing at her , I smiled a bleak one which said , Thanks , baby , but I'd rather be alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the second sentence if drinking water is a gerundial clause and without drinking water is roughly equivalent in meaning to unless I drink water , there will be stronger stress on water than on drinking ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This gives a rate of shear of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
rim-fires . (Filtered Words: 0)
As she was rather tired this evening , her simple `` Thank you for the use of your bath '' -- when she sat down opposite him -- spoken in a low voice , came across with coolnesses of intelligence and control . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their childhood would have been quite circumspect without [FILTERED]'s flair for drama , especially through the long summers . (Filtered Words: 1)
We have just observed that we can write Af where D is diagonalizable and N is nilpotent , and where D and N not only commute but are polynomials in T . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his native Cologne , where his mother taught him to play the piano , he was able to read notes before he learned the alphabet . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and his disciples had reduced history to a profession of dullness ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
This will be covered more fully later . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not leave the middle of the road . (Filtered Words: 0)
Farther south , there are attractive patches all the way to the Ozarks , with some seasonal peaks as late as early November . (Filtered Words: 0)
and where it is not , it is left with no residue , and the social meaning of this is enormous . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He had four children , two sets of twins . (Filtered Words: 0)
A split second later , the distant crack of a rifle had sounded . (Filtered Words: 0)
You should be prepared to cope with any pitfall such as plunges into empty pools or shallow ends and all manner of winter as well as summer lawsuits . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wasn't it adult and realistic to look at it that way ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dharma Dictionary , a list of highly unusual terms used in connection with Eurasian proto-senility cults . (Filtered Words: 0)
A biographical sketch followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
On November 24th , they had made a raid on [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nothing like the old days in the army , but I get by . (Filtered Words: 0)
My heart almost stopped beating . (Filtered Words: 0)
First the Larkins are ahead , then the Jerebohms . (Filtered Words: 0)
361 U. S. 899 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then she fell asleep again as soddenly as a person with fever , and when she awoke it was dark outside and the clarity was back in her eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drain off the water at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of water at the end of the sum of the times shown in Columns A and C , measured from the time the wash wheel was started . (Filtered Words: 0)
Captain Clemens' signal shot sent the men hurrying to their waiting teams . (Filtered Words: 0)
Earlier , [FILTERED] said in a statement : (Filtered Words: 1)
Join the four sides together first , then add the base ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Break the end corners with a slight 45 degree chamfer . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Republican survey says [FILTERED] won the '60 election on the religious issue . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] imagines how Estella would look down upon [FILTERED]'s hands , roughened by work in the smithy , and the deliberate contrast between her white hands and his blackened ones is made to symbolize the opposition of values between which [FILTERED] struggles -- idleness and work , artificiality and naturalness , gentility and commonness , coldness and affection -- in fact , between Satis House and the forge . (Filtered Words: 2)
The vagina is an organ capable of remarkable contraction and dilation . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] may fly in from the West Coast for the editorial staff meetings . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'm with the Syndicated Press , Feature Service . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am assured by experts that the thrust of our present missiles is fully adequate for defense requirements . (Filtered Words: 0)
These poured through the gate and joined the flight . (Filtered Words: 0)
What a terrible thing , that `` wailing wall '' in Berlin ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And he certainly couldn't have guessed that she would resist his demand for the gold or that she was not the yielding -- yes , and credible fool he had every right to expect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who loved her . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's going on out there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The person using these tests must determine which combination of procedures is practical for any specific item in order to evaluate the dimensional changes of textile fabrics or garments after laundering procedures commonly used in the home or commercial laundry . (Filtered Words: 0)
He helped [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] enlarge the flower garden in the side yard , where they sometimes sat in the still evenings watching the last fat bees working against the summer's purple dusk . (Filtered Words: 2)
The difference is that [FILTERED] accepted his theme with a kind of silken assurance . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pre-shaped metal shelter (Filtered Words: 0)
Through Secretary [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] offered President-elect [FILTERED] an opportunity to associate his new Administration with the breakoff decision . (Filtered Words: 3)
How are the roads , and how will they stand up ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then suddenly we found ourselves in the middle of another fight , an irrational , an indecent , an undeclared and immoral war with our strongest ( and some had thought noblest ) ally . (Filtered Words: 0)
She calmly repeated what Moore had told me . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is currently a major controversy of public education in which group interests and values are heavily engaged . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the great edge the two Yankees have going for them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would spring bolt upright suddenly after sitting quietly with inaction , because something had boiled over in his fermenting juices . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the temperature is controlled properly , the avocado will delay its ripening until needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her voice was flat and dull . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither acknowledged the gift . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think our report sums up our finding '' , [FILTERED] answered . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` When you came up to the majors , did you seek out [FILTERED] for advice '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Our litterbug ordinances are not enforced and I have yet to read of a conviction in a littering case . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was convinced that [FILTERED] 1984 was nearly all wrong as it applied to England , which was `` driving forward into uncharted waters '' , with the danger of a new tyranny ahead . (Filtered Words: 1)
I had no idea of what subjects one discussed when alone with a girl , or how one behaved : Should I hold her hand while walking or only when crossing the street ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She concluded by asking for a brief interview -- `` to settle with you where '' -- and she threw in a tribute to his `` gentle manners '' and `` the wild originality of your countenance '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Shootin' 'em out '' was gettin' cattle out of a corral onto the range . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be a free front-back swing of the leg , leading to a sideways swing of the arm that develops into a turn and the sensation of taking off from the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is one small episode that a few New York fans who happened to sit in the cheap seats for one World's Series game in 1926 like best to recall . (Filtered Words: 0)
I ought to remember . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two men can often do the installation in a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
She can decrease the number of temptations . (Filtered Words: 0)
I couldn't feel at home among them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not any more . (Filtered Words: 0)
It happened on the twelfth hole , a 155-yarder . (Filtered Words: 0)
virtue is its own and only reward . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this manner they side-step the seemingly hopeless investigation of the greater depths of mystery in which all of us grope continually . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] felt calm and peaceful as she walked along . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each must match [FILTERED]'s `` pie '' with the fragment that he carries with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
D . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
As I had expected , he insisted that my visits to the hall would do nothing to further the process of my application . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tobacco Road is dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the broad , opaque shapes of pasted paper would have been isolated in such a way as to make them jump out of plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pp. 60-66 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rf power level was maintained small enough at all times to prevent obvious line shape distortions by saturation effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
They care no more for politics , says Mr. [FILTERED] , than they do for a symphony . (Filtered Words: 1)
Report of case (Filtered Words: 0)
After a journey through woods and stream he double-bogeyed the 13th . (Filtered Words: 0)
The industry has been its own watch dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
if one bullies , they say it is because one is afraid ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I set the hour of our meeting for seven . (Filtered Words: 0)
You could set up tables in the front room and serve salads and your baked beans and brown bread and [FILTERED] could dress like a gypsy and tell fortunes '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In this connection it should be capable of being disseminated without excessive destruction . (Filtered Words: 0)
but enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
So much for the prototype . (Filtered Words: 0)
Citizens took the view that a lawman was expected to risk his life on the odd occasion anyway , but this fighting fury of a man risked it regularly over a period of half a century . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , as a practicing historian , he , himself , has left few clues to the amount of professional scholarship that he used when writing history . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) Auditors were encouraged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maximizing economic and cultural opportunity (Filtered Words: 0)
It seemed long , at least to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The new site was somewhat warmer than Fort Douglas and much closer to the great herds of buffalo on which the settlement must depend for food . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the arena of power Jews have at one time or another been somebody's ally ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
With few exceptions , the major denominations are rapidly losing their hold on the central city . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next morning , as the clock struck nine , he appeared at the Council meeting in the Town Hall and insisted that the couple would have to be punished if the Church was to be respected . (Filtered Words: 0)
City boys find a lot of learning in the feel of an ax handle or in the sharp tang of a sawmill , come upon suddenly in a backwoods logging camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
It'll probably be at least an hour or two before I can check back with you . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it is also a fact of life that there will always ( be youngish half-educated people around , who will be dazzled by the glitter of what looks like a literary movement . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] , the neo-dadaist artist , has collaborated with several of them . (Filtered Words: 1)
In any inquiry into the way in which great literature affects the emotions , particularly with respect to the sense of harmony , or relief of tension , or sense of `` a transformed inner nature '' which may occur , a most careful exploration of the particular feature of the experience which produces the effect would be required . (Filtered Words: 0)
How much of an accident could that be '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But Means kept on . (Filtered Words: 0)
They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters . (Filtered Words: 0)
As Critic Walter Kerr points out : `` Adaptations , so long as they are good , still qualify as creative '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each man can identify himself with the history and the death of Jesus Christ because Jesus Christ has identified himself with human history and human death , coming as the head of a new humanity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus in both types attention is focused on the community itself , and its phenomenological life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once more , in other words , [FILTERED] is said to be indebted to Swift for his `` wit '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
It was [FILTERED] who suggested to Lord Selkirk that he return to the Atlantic coast by way of the United States . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It's out in the Northeast section . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nobody does , but they gave me ten last year '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How The Kooks Crumble '' features an amusingly accurate take-off on sneaky announcers who attempt to homogenize radio-TV commercials , and `` The Watchers Of The Night '' is a veritable waking nightmare . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the government is left with no reserve granary , under the agricultural system it has ordained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Operating revenues were off in the first three months of 1961 , but up for the 12 months ending in March . (Filtered Words: 0)
And don't come back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Men need unity and they need God . (Filtered Words: 0)
Idols' idols : (Filtered Words: 0)
What Lincoln could not concede was that the states rather than the people were sovereign in the Union . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter how often a man goes back to the scenes of his youth and strength , they can never be recaptured again . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been carrying an Enfield rifle and a holstered navy cap-and-ball pistol . (Filtered Words: 0)
I realized , now , that she had been showing me , in what impressed me as being a very accurate way , something her mother had once said to her ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You're a fool . (Filtered Words: 0)
all were empty except one , and that one was jammed with letters and magazines . (Filtered Words: 0)
there is no trick involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many rate increases already have been put into effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was not , for the Angel , just a matter of running through a logical or deductive chain , or deciding on some action from some already established premise . (Filtered Words: 0)
But my captain might have been a Jew , but he wasn't a Jew . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tendency for general business activity to soften somewhat is becoming more evident . (Filtered Words: 0)
Catch for Chicago (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore I can identify each design . (Filtered Words: 0)
A quick touchdown resulted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Subsequent assemblies will be held at Stranahan High School Tuesday , at Pompano Beach High Wednesday , and at Fort Lauderdale high Thursday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie stared at the man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Newspapermen and politicians especially are aware of the penetrating attention and expert analysis the league gives to public affairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
How can you walk [FILTERED] to get to Mantle '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Take Gardner Willings . (Filtered Words: 0)
and launch them on the world when their time comes . (Filtered Words: 0)
And here it was ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But neither was the statement empirical , for goodness was not a quality like red or squeaky that could be seen or heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
those bibles and prayer books make a lot of money for publishing houses , but they don't get top personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was forty-nine at this time , a lanky woman of breeding with an austere , narrow face which had the distinction of a steeple or some architecture that had been designed long ago for a stubborn sort of prayer . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Pp. 62-63 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another dilemma : As picturesque as a sylvan pond in the forest may be , trees offer a leaf and root hazard to the well-being of a pool . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am carving a Pieta from white [FILTERED] marble . (Filtered Words: 1)
Muffling an exclamation , [FILTERED] sprang to the nearest steps and ran down . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I know Ches , he's a friend of mine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten minutes early . (Filtered Words: 0)
His voice lost its sullen tones and he chuckled . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the present project the heating is by circulating hot water from Paragon boiler-burner units with summer-winter domestic hot water hookups . (Filtered Words: 0)
Protection from other damage (Filtered Words: 0)
So is the time of the novel . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See fig. 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This does not allow the mystery to invade us . (Filtered Words: 0)
The charge : violation of the California Medical Practices Act by practicing medicine without a license and selling misbranded drugs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps the engineers can find out what causes all the congestion and suggest methods to eliminate it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fury Hanover ( Hoot Mon-Fay ) , 2:30.3-:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the case of the Borglum statue an Interior aide was obliged to announce that there had been a misunderstanding and that the Secretary had no desire to `` hustle '' it out of Washington . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , I'm not sure of the color . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since interviewing is the basic therapeutic and diagnostic instrument of modern psychiatry , the recording of interviews for playbacks and study has been a boost of Redstone proportions in new research and training . (Filtered Words: 0)
He and [FILTERED] waited by the door , one to either side . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the pity for them his loneliness was gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The big man with the whitened hair murmured something : his words sounded as if they were in the Manu tongue , which I recognized , having studied the dialect in my Anthropology 6 , class at the University of Chicago . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hate that . (Filtered Words: 0)
He alludes to something called direct writing , and he finds that criticism gets in the way of his truer , realer , imaginative bounce . (Filtered Words: 0)
it enables members of the society to operate as a system . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've never done this before '' , she said later , when he was arranging himself to leave . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked at where [FILTERED] lay sprawled on the step . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was proud that he had never worn a wig . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a matter of trying to sort out an earlier fourth-century Saxon element from the later , fifth-century mainstream of Anglo-Saxon invasions . (Filtered Words: 0)
You should also begin this exercise with a very light barbell until you become accustomed to it balance-wise . (Filtered Words: 0)
The work of Lay Visitation Evangelism is not completed when all of the persons on the Responsibility List have been interviewed . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were strays of every kind -- university students and journalists , Village hangers-on and barflies , taxi drivers and editors and unknown poets , as well as friends like [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and Nathan , [FILTERED] and Hugh Walpole and [FILTERED] , Laurence Stallings , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , Arthur Hopkins , the Woodwards . (Filtered Words: 7)
It was said that he had had a vision . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its boundaries had nothing to do with geography or ethnic groupings ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Our staff man cabled from Turin as follows -- (Filtered Words: 0)
It took a long time before the British tipped the balance . (Filtered Words: 0)
But no : Prokofieff grew . (Filtered Words: 0)
In The Memoirs Of A Shy Pornographer ( 1945 ) Patchen exploited this national sentiment by making his hero , [FILTERED] , a private detective . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is plenty of opportunity for proper education today . (Filtered Words: 0)
The plank floor was slimed beneath [FILTERED]'s boots . (Filtered Words: 1)
The , (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told some 350 persons that the United States' challenge was to help countries build their own societies their own ways , following their own paths . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , retirement seems to creep upon you suddenly . (Filtered Words: 0)
This discovery caused [FILTERED] anxiety . (Filtered Words: 1)
A carbine cracked more loudly , and a slug clipped fragments from the brush off at one side . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How many is that , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Then they went down to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Living pictures of the early boroughs , country life in Tudor and Stuart times , the impact of the industrial revolution compete with sensitive surveys of language and literature , the common law , parliamentary development . (Filtered Words: 0)
Introduction (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All is not sex '' , declared [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A similar analysis of Figure 6 for the 34 boys would necessitate quite a different conclusion about the predictive value of onset age in forecasting their attainment of the pubescent stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasionally new enterprise was discouraged by the almost certain prospect of legal complications . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least a dozen men , some armed , are never far away from him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The market was not far and , once there , the doctor's sense of immediacy left him and he fell into a state of harmony with the birds around him . (Filtered Words: 0)
But now , under the guidance of the contemporary composer [FILTERED] , Jr. , a major revival is under way . (Filtered Words: 1)
He caused a lot of talk when he also chose the breakfast hour to have the barber come in and trim his hair while he ate . (Filtered Words: 0)
It changes the answers to `` Who should do what , and where '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Handstands (Filtered Words: 0)
From the fusty panaceas of spinach , eggs and prunes , the U.S. has progressed to curds , concentrates and capsules . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the barkeep . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then followed a period in which he wrote reviews for The New York Times Book Review , The Commonweal , Commentary , had a small piece in Partisan Review , and moved on to Hudson , The Village Voice , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] approached the place cautiously , and watched it several minutes from the protection of a grove of trees . (Filtered Words: 1)
Paced by the continuing rapid growth of electronic data processing , sales of industrial and commercial electronic equipment totalled $1.8 billion compared to $1.6 billion in 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leading his pony , he hurried that way , not remounting till he was well below the level of the surrounding range . (Filtered Words: 0)
A little extra work here will pay off with a smooth , snug-fitting machine when you are finished . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was true , but only half the truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
In those days , a wife had mighty few rights in the domestic sphere and even fewer in the sexual sphere . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only precaution is that all volumes used in the formula be quoted in the same terms . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was -- as he told himself in the vernacular of a trade no longer his own -- riding the dark train out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cliche loses its talismanic virtue in the light of a little history . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Tar Heel-Betty Mahone ) 2:34 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
His letter to his daughter on the pains of growing up is surely as trenchant , forthright , and warmly understanding a piece of advice as ever a grown-up penned to a sensitive child , and with just the right tone of unpatronizing good humor . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] on the Customs of the Middle Ages , 16 chapters of Bryce `` and liked it more and more '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The air conditioning and ventilating systems of large buildings are subject to attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I hated the war '' , he said , `` but thought I ought to go because I was , perhaps , one of those who hadn't done enough to prevent it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is also possible that some of the dust in the vicinity of the Earth originated from meteoritic impacts upon the moon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both shudder at the thought of proceeding too far beyond the sewage system and the electric light lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gov. [FILTERED] , himself a lawyer and a man of long service in government , spoke with rich background and experience when he said in an address here that lawyers ought to quit sitting in the Missouri General Assembly , or quit accepting fees from individuals and corporations who have controversies with or axes to grind with the government and who are retained , not because of their legal talents , but because of their government influence . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] smiled . (Filtered Words: 1)
You know that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
the investigation of the relationship of diphosphopyridine nucleotide synthesizine enzyme to tumor growth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Look at the trees as to size and interest , the amount of shade they provide , how healthy they are , the problems of maintenance , fire hazards , wind throw , etcetera . (Filtered Words: 0)
He often drew the bomb . (Filtered Words: 0)
We shall return to these statements and deal with them more fully as the evidence for them accumulates . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. John 29 . (Filtered Words: 0)
but when he passed us by , a musket roared , and he reared his horse , swung it around , and began to whip it back in the direction from which he had come . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whereas the primary meanings of the [FILTERED] diagram seemed to have been based on its inner mathematical properties -- and we shall see that even its secondary meanings rested on some mathematical bases -- the urgent desire to place everything into categories of fives led to other groupings based on other numbers , until an exaggerated emphasis on mere numerology pervaded Chinese thought . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the start of her program there were evidences of pique . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part of the mealtime ritual in the Zendo consists in offerings of rice to the spiritual beings '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It is , sir , as I have said , a small college , and yet there are those who love it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Karipo's women then named this place ' Eromonga ' -- manhood -- for just the strongest men could stay here . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'd come , separately , to Gloucester some twenty years ago -- there's always been an artists' colony somewhere on Cape Ann -- and each married here . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s interests . (Filtered Words: 1)
From the terraces -- eighteen in all -- broad flights of steps descend into the water or onto still more terraces barely above the level of the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
Improvement can be measured by the lessening distance between toes and head . (Filtered Words: 0)
When these chores were finished , only then , was she allowed whatever freedom she could find . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bienville , who returned to succeed [FILTERED] in 1732 , objected that the merchants would not accept the responsibility of managing a trade in which they could see no hope of profits . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] has never had to look back at any of his most devastating fights and ever feel ashamed of his conduct as a combatant under fire or his political manners in the heat of conflicting ambitions . (Filtered Words: 1)
Look , sweetheart , some fool was . (Filtered Words: 0)
I praise God for the privilege of being a nurse who has that peace through faith in the Lord Jesus Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there's no way off the Point except through my road block . (Filtered Words: 0)
Copernicus' achievement was to have invented systematic astronomy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The value of the elections was lost , both as an experiment in increased political participation and as a reliable indicator of commercial interest , as shown in Table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A single 24-hr. composite sample indicated that the sewage flow pattern and characteristics were typical . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many small bones protruded crazily from the shreds of flesh . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Her lips , moist and parted , spoke his name . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least five years ago , [FILTERED] of Marlin made up an over/under double rifle for me in this caliber , using the now defunct Model 90 action in 20-gauge size . (Filtered Words: 1)
Three thermocouples were placed at different locations in the aluminum disk surrounding the anode holder to determine its temperature . (Filtered Words: 0)
But only in one of its aspects is Great Expectations a tale of violence , revenge , and retribution . (Filtered Words: 0)
Higher toll rates also are helping boost revenues . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] belief in balanced defense , replacing the Dulles theory of massive retaliation , removes a grave danger that has existed . (Filtered Words: 1)
water boiling on the fire for washing laundry every day , the pots scoured with river sand after each meal . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were not capable of supporting themselves off the plantation , and Louisiana law required their removal from the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
8 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
They acquired another electronics factory , a specialized ceramics company , an organization that built -- very experimentally -- high-speed research calculators . (Filtered Words: 0)
With Skorich at the helm , the Eagles are expected to put more emphasis on running , rather than passing . (Filtered Words: 0)
We set up the Lloyd's Neck school , worked out its curriculum , and taught there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something heavy shook the floor as it dropped . (Filtered Words: 0)
The effluent was collected through two pipes and discharged to the Blue River through a surface drainage ditch . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is worth pondering that very little has been published on any phase of field techniques in linguistics . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the Southerners were sufficiently aroused , they could very well cut the [FILTERED] legislative program to ribbons from their vantage point of committee chairmanships , leaving [FILTERED] leading a truncated , unworkable party . (Filtered Words: 2)
Nonetheless , they take time out -- much time -- from the game of grab and these new Western experiments to go to the gardens and riverbanks . (Filtered Words: 0)
By comparison , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] were quivering fledglings . (Filtered Words: 2)
As evidence to support that view , consider the following illustrative instances . (Filtered Words: 0)
The red glow from the cove had died out of the sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
In clothes , [FILTERED] simply did not project . (Filtered Words: 1)
) 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the only case in modern history of a people of Britannic origin submitting without continued struggle to what they view as foreign domination . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was my second day in Vientiane , the administrative capital of Laos , and my thoughts were none too brave . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie was screaming inside himself : No , damn you , you ain't gonna take my meal ticket away from me ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] is the Moses who has led them out of the Egypt of sexual slavery , [FILTERED] is the poet who offers them the Dionysian dialectic of justification for their indulgence in liquor , marijuana , sex , and jazz . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Well '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was jailed and banished . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was their heart . (Filtered Words: 1)
So much for all that . (Filtered Words: 0)
The radiation loss from the anode surface was computed according to Af where Af is the mean of the fourth powers of the temperatures Af and Af calculated analogously to equation ( 1 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , all a man in uniform has to do is to get by . (Filtered Words: 0)
The morning's tabloids were on the counter , and a stack of dog-eared men's magazines . (Filtered Words: 0)
What shall these effects be ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , suppose another excess profits tax similar to prior laws is enacted , providing for carryover of excess profits credits . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of us have imagination and sensibility too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some predict the administration will settle down during 1961 and iron out the rough edges which it has had thus far . (Filtered Words: 0)
It happened on the twelfth hole , a 155-yarder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some forms of capitalism do indeed work -- superb organizations , a credit to any society . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] nodded dully . (Filtered Words: 1)
I bet . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
And I was certain he would refuse '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I submit that this is the key problem of international relations , that it always has been , that it always will be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the two , [FILTERED] is by nature the less outgoing , [FILTERED] the more outspoken . (Filtered Words: 2)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
All told , `` Where's Charley ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
My friend often breakfasted with [FILTERED] on the morning of the regular tallyho run . (Filtered Words: 1)
In Inside Africa , [FILTERED] describes one of these , the Societe Generale , as `` the kind of colossus that might be envisaged if , let us say , the House of Morgan , [FILTERED] , the Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York , the Pennsylvania Railroad , and various companies producing agricultural products were lumped together , with the United States government as a heavy partner '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
The publication form is that of clothbound books . (Filtered Words: 0)
But after all , can anyone imagine a market wherein the reverse of these things were true ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
To be the Savior and the Lord , Jesus Christ has to be a historical individual with a biography all his own ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not only a compliment to Mijbil , of whom there are a fine series of photographs and drawings in the book , but to the author who has catalogued the saga of a frightened otter cub's journey by plane from Iraq to London , then by train ( where he lay curled in the wash basin playing with the water tap ) to Camusfearna , with affectionate detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
The greatest impact of the matching-fund principle has been in initially encouraging the poorest states and school districts to spend enough to obtain their full allocation of outside funds . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stared at them curiously . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'm a missionary '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taking off his hat and signaling the driver with it , Mr. [FILTERED] stepped into the road , lifted the surprised turtle and consummated its road-crossing with what must have been a breath-taking suddenness . (Filtered Words: 1)
If these services are to be maintained , the New York Central must have the revenues to make them possible '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought a moment , then inquired , `` You mean petted '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
By-passing the military junta which has ruled Turkey since the overthrow of Premier [FILTERED] Menderes 17 months ago , the army general staff , led by Gen. [FILTERED] , had set a deadline for the parties to join in a national coalition government . (Filtered Words: 2)
He was moving like a ballet dancer , playing for laughs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Composite samples were collected at weekly intervals . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dancer who never loosens her hold on a parasol , begins to feel that it is part of herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jubal did not hear of Digby's disappearance when it was announced , and , when he did , while he had a fleeting suspicion , he dismissed it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A more realistic analysis must take into account the fact that [FILTERED] people in the urban-fringe area are , in general , less segregated locally than group members in rural areas . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I didn't know I looked so dilapidated '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
We , of course , obeyed the court order . (Filtered Words: 0)
all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . (Filtered Words: 0)
No man ever had a better opinion of himself and indeed , with one so favored , flattery could hardly seem overdone . (Filtered Words: 0)
In recent years , however , a wind of change seems to be blowing through early English historical circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Milk production may be increased by the anti-infective properties of this drug . (Filtered Words: 0)
The AIMO organizations of both countries , which maintain administrative services throughout the territories , retained immediate responsibility for the collection and publication of demographic information . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a war of nerves , of stamina , of dogged endurance in which the stupid insistence of the British on their right to their own country became ultimately an unsurmountable obstacle to the Nazis , who were better organized and technically superior . (Filtered Words: 0)
An individual switch or the entire set of switches in a word may be tested or altered as desired . (Filtered Words: 0)
Roberta said , `` no . (Filtered Words: 0)
that was a nightmarish situation and Low was in his element . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found them near the carcass of a zebra that had been killed the night before , and he circled once , nose to the ground , hair shooting up along his back , as it did when he was after lion or bear , and then he lifted his head and bayed , and the pack joined in , all heads high , and [FILTERED] knew it was a hot trail . (Filtered Words: 1)
His problem then became one of restraining the American fighters who wanted to clean out the [FILTERED] by force immediately . (Filtered Words: 1)
He appealed to us to bring his case to the attention of the authorities that justice might be done . (Filtered Words: 0)
Panels with outdated copy are returned to the sign shop so a new message can be applied . (Filtered Words: 0)
The disadvantages to this method are that you may not have as great a choice of models readily available or you may have to wait a few days or , during the busy tourist season , when cars are in great demand , you might find it fairly difficult to get a car at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
I thought you might get in on a morning train '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , the attitude in Jewish families is far more protective toward the daughter than toward the son . (Filtered Words: 0)
Caution : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just dropped in to ask where [FILTERED] lives . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` That's silly -- lemon in mouth '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trials are independent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where're you takin' me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite the clarity of his presentation , his idea was not of Einsteinian calibre . (Filtered Words: 0)
If , in Larkin's eyes , they are nothing but Piccadilly farmers , he has as much to learn about them as they have to learn about the ways of truly rural living . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] is correct , tragedy may have quite the opposite effect . (Filtered Words: 1)
With respect to other frequencies , these are designated as regional or local , and assigned for use by class 3 , and class 4 , stations , respectively , stations operating generally with lower power . (Filtered Words: 0)
Receiving no answer , they set the fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , alive . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked at Gilborn with undisguised curiosity . (Filtered Words: 0)
and they attempted a skirmish line of advance against a camouflaged enemy encampment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine yelled and flung the hand away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some time later , after a check had been made of all automatic equipment , the crew would join the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , poorest of the seven , gave up a brilliant law practice to enter Washington's Cabinet . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rachel wore a smart hat and , because she had been warned recently about smoking , puffed at her cigarettes through a long ivory holder stained with lipstick . (Filtered Words: 0)
I went . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clumps of brush rode down the ribbon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hal , the linguist , saw the glittering discs and necklaces in terms of the languages spoken therein . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much new equipment and many unique techniques have been developed for the quantitative exposure of experimental animals to aerosols of infectious agents contained in particles of specified dimensional characteristics . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Council on National Defense of the American Medical Association contributed a brief article to each issue entitled , `` This Is Your A.M.A. '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The department has just finished treating 20,000 acres in urban areas of Macon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] replied : (Filtered Words: 1)
Throughout history , the man who showed superior performance has become the commander of others -- for good or bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s delight , I later discovered . (Filtered Words: 1)
He wore a long double-breasted coat of a heavy material , dark trousers , and black boots with buckles . (Filtered Words: 0)
An animal covered with splotches or spots of different colors was called a `` brindle '' or `` brockle '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has notified me that he has orders to go to Washington to take over the Army of the Potomac . (Filtered Words: 0)
a man in whose entourage none was ever safe ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
but after war came to Europe , he decided to return to France , arriving there in January , 1940 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Berlin is merely being used by Moscow as a stalking horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , the fish could eat their bodies for all the Sturch cared . (Filtered Words: 0)
But with today's demand for professional qualifications and specialized training , the need for `` outsiders '' becomes more pressing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check to see if some of your benefits -- such as on-the-job disability pay -- can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Photos of Conference Rooms and the General Assembly Hall can be made when these rooms are not being used for meetings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everybody has a different idea on the ethics and morals of driving away neighbors , when and if . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , it subjects the news to distortion by the unscrupulous . (Filtered Words: 0)
The markets are far too subtle , and the last word in these endeavors will doubtless never be written , for the enchanting index is about as nebulous as the fountain of youth . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked mighty interested , though . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the stiff neutral lines of the telephone poles he saw the no-nonsense pen strokes of Aunt Jessica's letter . (Filtered Words: 0)
as long as she could do nothing constructive about the situation she was in , she would think about something else . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was , thus , an early and spectacular victim . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ontario's foliage is most vivid from about Sept. 23 to Oct. 10 , with both [FILTERED] ( 100 miles north of Toronto ) and [FILTERED] ( 125 miles northwest of Toronto ) holding color cavalcades starting Sept. 23 . (Filtered Words: 2)
Indeed he did , [FILTERED] said solemnly , trying to get [FILTERED]'s eye . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was so pretty and artless that she felt like a child again and would have enjoyed running out barefoot to play on the wet grass with all the growing things , but Doaty never permitted bare feet and she was decidedly not a child but une femme d'un certain age . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , I mustered my few words of the Manu dialect and said , `` We greet you in peace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Halleck said the voluntary care plan enacted last year should be given a fair trial first . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also spear pineapple chunks and place in separate bowl . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its windows glowed with lamplight . (Filtered Words: 0)
The actual impelling force which severed me from evangelical effort was of another sort . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was only then that he turned to look at Penny . (Filtered Words: 0)
The air took on a special strength now that they'd left the fecund warmth of the farmland behind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her action was involuntary . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
It shouldn't be long '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sonates et Concerts Royaux of Couperin Le Grand occupy two disks ( LD056 and LD060 ) and reveal the impeccable taste and workmanship of this master -- delicate , flexible and gemlike . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vital questions would be quickly answered according to a preprepared agenda . (Filtered Words: 0)
She made better pictures than any book he'd read , but he didn't say so . (Filtered Words: 0)
the three Moldavian dances entitled `` Zhok '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This costs from $.75 to $2.30/mbf , but the cover can pay off if the lumber is to be stored in the open . (Filtered Words: 0)
But don't tell that to a veteran of the Fighting Seventh , especially in a saloon on Saturday night . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A swell party , send an invite to ever'body but them -- those folks you met at the Galt House , the ones I've got to know in this new Jockey Club affair , the whole dang neighborhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , he became one of the central spirits of the Army Language Program and the language school of Washington's Foreign Service Institute . (Filtered Words: 0)
The left fielder threw and it was a good one . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was not mad . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
During the next weeks he looked over the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The one line on the bride said she was Miss [FILTERED] from Baton Rouge . (Filtered Words: 1)
The mushrooming of FM outlets , offering concerts ( both jazz and classical ) , lectures , and other special events , is a phenomenon which has had a fair amount of publicity . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one really knows how many boats there actually are or what their aggregate value may be . (Filtered Words: 0)
if we take Af above , that will be large enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were to discover , in fact , that quite a number of people share with us the impression that , in contrast to other Soviet regions , Moscow's atmosphere is depressingly subdued and official . (Filtered Words: 0)
I sat and watched proceedings . (Filtered Words: 0)
His head slumped . (Filtered Words: 0)
These fatalities are dramatic evidence of `` halfway evangelism '' , a failure to follow through . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no chance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Holy Mary , Mother of God , Star of the Sea , stay [FILTERED] with me on this next dive . (Filtered Words: 1)
Finally we got them out of the house , after the boy had run away four times looking for other Nazis , threatening to murder village schoolchildren and bragging that he was to be the next Fuhrer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nonetheless , although few in number they are a stubborn crew , as tenacious of life as the Hardshell Baptists , which suggests that there is some kind of vital principle embodied in their faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
Further , we must induce all industrialized nations of the Free World to work together to help lift the scourge of poverty from less fortunate . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] '' , [FILTERED] replied as he left , `` if you ever get a telegram from me asking you to do anything , you can put the telegram down as a forgery '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
The quality of the census data can , therefore , be greatly improved by the use of the registration records in conjunction with the field inquiries . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is very important . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps the outstanding standard bearer of Mr. [FILTERED]'s tradition for accuracy was Mr. [FILTERED] , whose mechanical genius closely paralleled that of Mr. [FILTERED] , and whose particular forte was the development of the exceedingly accurate measuring machinery that enabled [FILTERED] & Sharpe to manufacture gages , and therefore its products , with an accuracy exceeding anything then available elsewhere in the world . (Filtered Words: 3)
In the first case the fixed elements within each pencil are the multiple secant and the line joining the vertex , P , to the intersection of **zg and the plane of the pencil which does not lie on the multiple secant . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come on , let's hurry down before they lock up for the day '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
costs actually vary in much more complex ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
They supported it , not as a perfect instrument , but as the best obtainable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Armed Forces Medical Publication Agency , established in 1949 , has published , since January 1950 , The United States Armed Forces Medical Journal as a triservice publication to furnish material of professional interest to Medical Department officers of the three military services . (Filtered Words: 0)
Defends [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
Clayton choked , shook his head , murmuring , `` No '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a second quake came , they dashed back to the beach , fearing that they might be buried under landslides . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , with the new affluence , there is actually a sallying forth into the wide , wide world beyond the precincts of New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is taxation without representation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The primary reason for the abandonment of the `` shore occupied by '' thesis has been the assimilation and accumulation of archaeological evidence , the most striking feature of early English studies in this century . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the announcement of a `` special achievement award '' to [FILTERED] ( ( Bill ) Shea , the awards list was completed yesterday for Sunday night's thirty-eighth annual dinner and show of the New York Chapter , Baseball Writers' Association of America , at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel . (Filtered Words: 1)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They seem to believe that a person will act automatically as soon as he contacts something new . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the parapsychology foundation's long-range experiment , readings are made by a variety of sensitives for a large number of cooperating sitters , trying to throw light on this question of the significance of mediumistic statements . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Miss Rhode Island Pageant is sponsored by the Rhode Island Junior Chamber of Commerce as a part of the nation-wide search for the typical American girl -- a Miss America from Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I want to tell you something [FILTERED] Lord . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Let's get one thing straight , you and me . (Filtered Words: 0)
A couple couldn't even find a secluded spot anywhere on a beach to neck nowadays without someone swooping down upon them . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the worst thing I could have said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Children walking home from school would scuff through what seemed to be his foliage . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the aid of that I could hear my man moving around , heard him cough a couple of times , heard the toilet flush , heard the sound of water running . (Filtered Words: 0)
File to a smooth finish . (Filtered Words: 0)
A blower is essential for the double-wall shelter and for the underground shelters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shall we allow her not to have a bath ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus , the guy says he is trying . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You really in a hurry , Handsome '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first subtype , the analyst ( following the practice of railroad analysis in this particular respect ) distributes both total operating costs and total annual capital costs ( including an allowance for `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' ) among the different classes and units of service . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't know how she would behave with other people . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm sure he would approve '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The preparation of test specimens will vary depending upon the type of dimensional restorability procedure ( if any ) to be used . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sure , I'm hungry '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
True ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
We recognize that young people through imaginative mind and body training can become athletes , acrobats , dancers , musicians and artists , developing many potentialities . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're too clean . (Filtered Words: 0)
It won't be a `` tea '' , however , but more of an international folk song festival , with singers from Chicago's foreign groups to sing Christmas songs from around the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
probably occur in the horse much as in the human being ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He said he returned from the visit to his niece on the 11:20 streetcar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Channel-type , secondary emission image intensifier , ( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
So if you are made of atoms , you are just a big machine ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The Tyranny Of Trivia '' suggests arbitrary alphabetical associations to induce slumber . (Filtered Words: 0)
I walked to the right around it to buildings containing illuminated manuscripts and came to the Treasury , which houses such things as coffee cups covered with diamonds , jewelled swords , rifles glittering with diamonds and huge divan-like thrones as large as small beds , on which the sultans sat cross-legged . (Filtered Words: 0)
I drank furiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is drama enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' Boundary maintenance for this group would seem to be primarily social , as is the preference for endogamy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such liquids will rise to a considerable height above the surface around the chamber before they will flow out of the chamber . (Filtered Words: 0)
The best protection would be on the ground floor in the central part of the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , Here , I'll take this , I was before her , you wait on me now or I don't bother with it , see ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The deputy had forced him to by his manner of accosting him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It can manifest itself before discharge from service , or it can come out years later . (Filtered Words: 0)
This pressure measurement may be made at the same time that the ultrasonic dimensioning measurement is made . (Filtered Words: 0)
More often than not he would bow to the inevitable . (Filtered Words: 0)
I do not know that this is true ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why do you say that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
At one time about 10,000 people lived there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sighting procedure includes the use of a fixture for the transit to project a beam of light , which is darkened by crossed hairs , on the accelerometer mirror . (Filtered Words: 0)
The order is identical to the ordering of the forms they describe . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had no slicker . (Filtered Words: 1)
for , in either event , the first possibility is excluded . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll go , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Do you always navigate like this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] singled deep into the hole at short to start the rally . (Filtered Words: 1)
The biblical symbol for this affirmation is expressed in the words : `` So God created man in his own image ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Money , so important a theme elsewhere in [FILTERED] , is here central , and hands are often associated in some way with the false values -- acquisitiveness , snobbery , self-interest , hypocrisy , toadyism , irresponsibility , injustice -- that attach to a society based upon the pursuit of wealth . (Filtered Words: 1)
But I do and my psychiatrist does , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Separate systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
Weld was the son and grandson of New England Congregational ministers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the choreographer must arbitrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cabin has several shelves for small items and storage under the bunks for water skiis , life jackets , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt more cheerful , as if I had had a part in bringing her through to a greater tolerance of herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Going downstairs with the tray , [FILTERED] wished he could have given in to [FILTERED] , but he knew better than to do what she said when she had that little-girl look . (Filtered Words: 2)
These may be consulted in the office of the Architect of the Capitol , or the Library of Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pilot possessed excellent skill at his calling ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I hadn't liked it at first -- it was bitter and burning . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the contrary , Miss [FILTERED] and Mr. [FILTERED] chose many of their arrangements from the works of composers such as Mendelssohn , Dvorak , Canteloube , Copland and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
( However , there is little evidence that the late [FILTERED] was a Communist . (Filtered Words: 1)
Most people did . (Filtered Words: 0)
Letters may be wired to the face of the combined channels , painted on the first surface , or handled in other ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is perfectly conceivable that a resumption of atmospheric tests may , at some point in the future , be necessary and even justifiable . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] proposed [FILTERED] as the fittest man `` for the following of the cause and to attend him in the matter '' , and at his suggestion the corporation allowed [FILTERED] two shillings a day . (Filtered Words: 3)
He believed in being seen near the front lines and he was there . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was one of a series of recommendations by the Texas Research League . (Filtered Words: 0)
There may be others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once there , the D.A. with devilish cleverness would provide [FILTERED] with headlines : `` [FILTERED]'s Multiple Romances '' `` [FILTERED] Lake an Addict '' `` Downfall of Another Film Idol '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 2)
That world was in scale with my own smallness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps you would like to become a writer . (Filtered Words: 0)
After drastically overhauling NATO , Western leadership should turn to reducing the suspicions that tear apart the East and West . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let V be a finite-dimensional vector space over an algebraically closed field F , e.g. , the field of complex numbers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dry of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elements used in combination will increase the over-all capability more than the sum of the capabilities of the individual elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
The convertible debentures are convertible into common shares at $65 a share by June 1 , 1966 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The wind blows where it will , and thou hearest its sound but dost not know where it comes from or where it goes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eight hundred and sixty-five Rebels surrendered within their works and a thousand more were captured or surrendered themselves that night and the next day . (Filtered Words: 0)
We should think of it more as an act of justice than compassion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mobile forces are required to localize and attack detected targets , since the systems are not capable of pinpointing a target . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wrote her that I'd met up with [FILTERED] and that old bonds had proved too strong and asked her to send my clothes down by express . (Filtered Words: 1)
The dead youth was identified as [FILTERED] , 19 , of 1688 Oak Knoll Cir. , Aj . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps if Felix had first come upon us when this boy was not cavorting so gaily up and down the hall outside the murdered woman's apartment , we might have had less trouble convincing Felix of our seriousness . (Filtered Words: 0)
thousands of miles away -- in Paris , of all places -- she might forget she had ever been a mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
it would needlessly bring badness into the world ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
To almost two generations of Americans it must have seemed as though the existence of Mr. [FILTERED] coincided with that of the House . (Filtered Words: 1)
There the buffalo would roam , to be seen as a tapestry , not as moth-eaten zoo specimens . (Filtered Words: 0)
This would seem to vary from family to family , depending somewhat on the core or marginal `` status '' of that family . (Filtered Words: 0)
Enforce by demand (Filtered Words: 0)
His saloon was a meetin' place for influential Wyoming cattlemen , and one year durin' a severe blizzard , when his herd-owner customers were wearin' long faces , he said , `` Cheer up , boys , whatever happens , the books won't freeze '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're boiling milk , ain't you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Criminals , as well as model citizens , exercise their minds . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is the wooden sculpture from Bali , the one representing two men with their heads bent backward and their bodies interlaced by a fish , that I particularly call to your attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
The final mailing of the questionnaire was made late in August , 1960 , to 4,900 firms consisting of 3,450 from the AIA list and 1,450 from the TR list . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their stupidity and arrogance they believe they are called upon to remind the gentile continually of pogroms and ghettos . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leaving his rifle in the wagon , Tilghman walked up to the door and hammered on it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
You feel where he is and what he sees , and at night you feel when he is asleep or with the other woman , the one that never could love him the way you do , the one who got him because she didn't particularly give a damn whether she got him or didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their world turned black . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mor-ee-air-teeeee '' , he shrieked , his white teeth grossly counterpointing those of the glittering blonde . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trees huddled more closely together , their limbs and leaves intertwined in a coarse curtain against the sun . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each meeting starts with a prayer , offered spontaneously by one member of the group . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There is a man named [FILTERED] who is the foreman in charge of the bricklayers at Majdanek . (Filtered Words: 1)
During a sojourn of slightly more than three months Chamberlain Littlepage could see action on both elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a historian might put his finger on a specific man and date , and hold out the hope that the troubles will sometime pass away . (Filtered Words: 0)
His head hung over the boards of [FILTERED]'s stall ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
the ever burning lusts of the flesh or the powerful victory of Holy Spirit discipline . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , I shall conduct [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] works in the coming season , as usual . (Filtered Words: 2)
I clamped a 30-inch piece of aluminum to the base of the planer with a pair of Sure Grips . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quintus in Latin means '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Desegregation and court order (Filtered Words: 0)
Curt caught him flush on the nose with a blow which started at the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude had the cool ruthlessness to do whatever she made up her mind to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where the microscope under visible light may show only vague shadows or nothing at all , ultraviolet illumination and subsequent translation into a color TV picture reveal a wealth of detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Russian experimenters claim that only a small fraction of the impulse from the sensors is caused by the incident momentum with the remainder being momentum of ejected material from the sensor . (Filtered Words: 0)
My man came out an hour later , drove to the beach , turned right and after half a mile went to the Swim and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
To help prevent orthodontic problems from arising , your dentist can do these things : (Filtered Words: 0)
Separate systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , nor later . (Filtered Words: 0)
So is that of the limber company of lasses who whirl and glide and quickstep under [FILTERED] expert choreographic direction . (Filtered Words: 1)
He remained there for four years before moving to Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Important aspects of the [FILTERED] textile plans are these : (Filtered Words: 1)
) It is issued weekly throughout the college year . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is , we may discuss the phenomenon in terms of its departures from the binomial model . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a novel in which one man [FILTERED] explored the divisions within his personality would scarcely merit publication in the Psychoanalytic Quarterly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Legislators who last year opposed placing aged-care under the social security system criticized the President's plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wondered what expression , as he made that gesture , was on his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
The curriculum may be too difficult for some and too easy for others . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew that both these cynics were waiting with impatience for the dramatic moment when [FILTERED] was called to the stand . (Filtered Words: 1)
He dozed , only to dream of [FILTERED] , and woke , only to crash into the night table , bruising his other shin . (Filtered Words: 1)
This serum exhibited titers of 1 : 16 in albumin and 1 : 256 by the indirect Coombs test . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went around the corner and parked , turning off his lights and motor . (Filtered Words: 0)
We trust you are not one of the 70,000,000 Americans who do not attend church , but who feel that various forms of recreation are more important than worshipping the God who made our country great . (Filtered Words: 0)
For him to ignore the political consequences involved in an Atlantic Union of this kind is difficult to understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is why he made such a magnificent soldier . (Filtered Words: 0)
On being criticized for his arbitrary behavior -- he answered : `` I have to make decisions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most inscrutable embassies are the Arabs' , and the most inscrutable of the Arabs are the Saudi Arabians . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood up . (Filtered Words: 0)
They followed the others toward the east gate . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was anxious to hear about those dazzling days on the Great White Way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside was finished with Creek-Turn brown toner brushed on and sponged off to give antique finish . (Filtered Words: 0)
References to the data sources are given in the crystal descriptions . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was recognized years ago that the transition from daytime to nighttime propagation conditions , and vice versa , is not an instantaneous process , but takes place over periods of time from roughly 2 hours before sunset until about 2 hours after sunset , and again from roughly 2 hours before sunrise until some 2 hours after sunrise . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Leave a card or something . (Filtered Words: 0)
He set out on his 700-mile return journey with five families of discontented and disappointed Swiss who turned their eyes toward the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
maybe a skillet , a basket of essentials like salt , pepper , plates , forks , knives and a can opener . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , you'll wobble and weave quite a bit at first . (Filtered Words: 0)
That 60-day period is over and letters are still coming in from shareholders of these four funds , complaining about mistakes in their accounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
, for Rear axle gear ratio (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't stir . (Filtered Words: 0)
God knows how , but I got it . (Filtered Words: 0)
In designing his home fallout shelter there is nothing to prevent a man from planning to shelter that home's occupants , `` plus-one '' -- so he will be able to take in a stranger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reply : (Filtered Words: 0)
Though it centers around the brilliant and enigmatic figure of [FILTERED] , , the true hero is not finally the king himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was aware that when our eyes met we both quickly averted them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now when [FILTERED] has completed four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No. 1 , the professor allows him about a five-minute rest period before starting him on four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No. 2 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The money's here , all of it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is expected to be reported out Tuesday , but this is a little uncertain . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , there are still several types of calls that necessitate the use of telephone operators . (Filtered Words: 0)
That long ride the four of you took must've given him a good appetite . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was much more fun , reminding the girls of their old carefree days in the Hasseltine frolics room at Bradford . (Filtered Words: 0)
He advised the poor woman not to appear in court as what she was charged with was not in violation of law . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here's why : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( 1949 ) has concluded that the most active preparations of TSH made during this period , from 1931 to 1945 , were probably about 100 to 300 times as potent as the starting material . (Filtered Words: 1)
To get him to pose , Mrs. [FILTERED] would feed him candy , so he enjoyed the portrait sessions as well as she did . (Filtered Words: 1)
We have shown that the graph of F contains at least one component whose inverse is the entire interval {0,T} , and whose multiplicity is odd . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your first impression of this elongated square with its three elegant fountains , its two churches that almost face each other , and its russet-colored buildings , is a sense of restful spaciousness -- particularly welcome after wandering around the narrow and dark streets that you have followed since starting this walk . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sweet-sour sauce can be kept warm over a second hibachi or chafing dish while charcoal in broiler is reaching glowing coal stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sources of data : (Filtered Words: 0)
Low seems to have supported [FILTERED] at first and then relented because things worked out differently , so there is no fire in his eye . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nodding approvingly and swelling with importance , the old lady whispered confidentially . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a letter to write to her mother , and she tried to make its tone cheerful . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , goodbye '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hoag grabbed him by the shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
$85 by 1986 , and $90 thereafter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again among those jubilantly reunited bunkmates , I was shy with [FILTERED] and acted as I had during those early Saturday mornings when we all seemed to be playing for effect , to be detached and unconcerned with the girls who were properly our dates but about whom , later , in the privacy of our bunks , we would think in terms of the most elaborate romance . (Filtered Words: 1)
Following the term of service in Japan , each emissary returns for a brief visit to the campus to interpret his experience to the college community . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were miserable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elegance and color (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Take off , fly-boy '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew that German long-range bombers had been returning to the attack in Italy . (Filtered Words: 0)
When , therefore , it turned its attention to the concrete entities with which popular imagination had peopled the world of spirit , these entities soon lost whatever status they had enjoyed as actual elements of external reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
This new machine takes up filament yarn from spinneret or extruder and winds large packages at speeds up to 6,000 feet per minute . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Rule of Law , historically a principle according everyone his `` day in court '' before an impartial tribunal , was broadened substantively by making it a responsibility of government to promote individual welfare . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , as the lone male , meets the competition well with some brilliant hits , but the work is designed to belong to the ladies . (Filtered Words: 1)
Confronted by a grim future , [FILTERED] lost his nerve and plumped for a drastic liquidation . (Filtered Words: 1)
It stumbled on infantry where no infantry should have been and [FILTERED]'s aggressive impulse faded out , overwhelmed by fears of the unknown . (Filtered Words: 1)
revulsion in the desert (Filtered Words: 0)
One is that whatever is ecumenical has to do with some over-all organization at `` the top '' and needs only to be understood at the so-called `` lower levels '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Polls will be in the water office . (Filtered Words: 0)
We'd be in real trouble then . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus he may be referring to some concrete thing , or incident , in his immediate environment by some symbolic-sounding , hyperbolic reference to transcendental events on the global scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
Russia possesses the preponderance of submarines in the world , divided between her various fleets . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not about me ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
it was a tough world , and you had to be tough to hold your own . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indirectly he can best help them by insuring that rigorous criteria for appointment and promotion are clearly set forth and adhered to . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where'd you say you was born '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
but they might as well unpack their suitcases , for she might linger on . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] would be safe ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
In final separation from them , in the railroad terminal across the river from New York , I would nearly cry . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had died there . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a more natural position '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's not precisely the way [FILTERED] urges them to look at it , though . (Filtered Words: 1)
In fact , he went on to birdie the 6th and 8th as well , to go 4 under par for the first eight holes . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the early humorists already mentioned , [FILTERED] , can be used to illustrate another point where [FILTERED] touches authentic Southern materials and also earlier literary treatment of those materials . (Filtered Words: 2)
What bad grace , what incredible selfishness he and [FILTERED] had shown . (Filtered Words: 1)
But you've got to know both . (Filtered Words: 0)
I left her , a limp bundle of self-pity , shivering with terror because her bubble had burst around her . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] was bringing Cuba not freedom , but hatred . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Why '' , said the teacher , `` art thou so late '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The revised procedure was acclaimed as a long-overdue reform . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , he didn't know of any handyman-carpenter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , if anywhere , it is not wholly incontrovertible . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll see word gets round '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great black leopards . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who would suppress dangerous thoughts , credit ideas with high potency . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think it was a grave error to print the article at this time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can I bear it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What is the trick '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He started to reach for his gun , but apparently thought better of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a thick , squashy crack of fist on flesh . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of its traditional lines , it probably has more kid appeal than any other model . (Filtered Words: 0)
an NLRDA survey found that at least 492 lumber mills will strap their shipments for mechanized handling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rhythmic interest , melodic beauty and the expansiveness of the writing are all qualities which hold one's attention with the Gilels playing . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not something that can be expected to happen now . (Filtered Words: 0)
These basic ideas concerning the nature of religion were , [FILTERED] believed , some of the major keys to the understanding of history and the movement of society . (Filtered Words: 1)
Especially in the way Gladdy had turned out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Diethylstilbestrol . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where this approach becomes critical , the industry can be expected to put much emphasis on this as evidence of its sincerity in `` resisting '' the wage pressures of a powerful union , requesting tariff relief after it has `` reluctantly '' acceded to the union pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
So sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
If she were not at home , Mama would see to it that a fresh white rose was there . (Filtered Words: 0)
These factors practically insure that no single financing formula is feasible ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Quint closed the screen door quietly so Maggie wouldn't be scared . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here he was enclosed and safe . (Filtered Words: 0)
An individual switch or the entire set of switches in a word may be tested or altered as desired . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we abide by their insight . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We grind , too '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the devices for tension management is preferential mating . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others may speak of Speaker [FILTERED]'s uniquely long and devoted service ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
I would not want to be one of those writers who begin each morning by exclaiming , `` O Gogol , O [FILTERED] , O Thackeray and [FILTERED] , what would you have made of a bomb shelter ornamented with four plaster-of-Paris ducks , a birdbath , and three composition gnomes with long beards and red mobcaps '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
A study of major denominational membership statistics over a twenty-year period revealed the appalling fact that nearly 40 per cent of those who joined the Church were lost to the Church within seven years . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has been suggested many times that a Class be set up for the Juniors who are overage and cannot enter the Junior Classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ventilation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Injury and ingratitude would occur . (Filtered Words: 0)
theory of non-newtonian fluids (Filtered Words: 0)
2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
It cuts the lumber dealer's cost because it takes only one man -- the driver -- to unload it , and because it unloads in a fraction of the time and at a fraction of the cost of hand unloading . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were the last two days set aside by the board for hearing appeals . (Filtered Words: 0)
The vulnerability of Protestant congregations to social differences has often been attributed to the `` folksy spirit '' of Protestant religious life ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hesperus , you may speak '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turn to the left , I think , for that number you gave me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prompt Time shows class . (Filtered Words: 0)
They germinate quickly , the tiny plants appearing in a week , and grow along lustily . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw that I would soon run out of buildings at this rate , so I decided to take another measure -- the whole state of Pennsylvania . (Filtered Words: 0)
As one would surmise , the procedure , however , could be repeated with the same object or with the same type of object often enough , so that the corresponding visual blots and the merest beginning of the tracing movement would provide clues as to the actual shape , which the patient then immediately could determine by a kind of inference . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They're stealin' the stock '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
-- A wave of public resentment against corruption in government is rising in Massachusetts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Insulate , weatherstrip , double-glaze to the maximum . (Filtered Words: 0)
The detailed rundown on the Kansas City scoring in the sixth went like this : (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , all the personnel except those few needed to carry out the performance of the ship , went into the suspensor . (Filtered Words: 0)
We ran east for about half a mile before we turned back to the road , panting from the effort and soaked with sweat . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's something there , all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man of vaulting ambition , with one eye on the mayorship of Los Angeles , nothing ever escaped him which might possibly lead to personal publicity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does society really exist as an entity over and above the agglomeration of men ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where there was no road , they lived without one . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a creative enterprise , its abilities are primarily in `` swallowing '' creative enterprises developed outside its own organization ( an ability made possible by us , and almost mandatory ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Todman , let's try to go under this stuff . (Filtered Words: 0)
A voice on the loudspeaker system announced that if the rain let up the performance would resume in ten minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll give you a medical certificate , framed , if you like '' , [FILTERED] had said . (Filtered Words: 1)
By monitoring , we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers . (Filtered Words: 0)
We will refer to the plane of C and Af as the C-plane and to the plane of the graph as the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the real beginnings of this development in him go back to the opposing of grammar school , and probably if it had not been this occasion and these Latin lines it would have been some others , such as the first prolusion , that set off this streak in him of unbridled and scathing verbal attack on an enemy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can't make French toast with whole-wheat bread '' , was an early complaint . (Filtered Words: 0)
the fire of love is dead , and Hardy stands , as the speaker does in the last poem of the sequence , over the burnt circle of charred sticks , and thinks of past happiness and present grief , honest and uncomforted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brig. Gen. and Mrs. [FILTERED] will entertain at a black tie dinner Wednesday , May 3 , in the Officers' Club at the Air Force Academy . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` By yourself '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
his supper was nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That was Tee-wah I was talking . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know nothing of any plot , if there is such a thing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is difficult to be certain how the administration views that $28 million , since the views of one leader may not be the same as the views of another one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Venturesome traders , however , continued to come to them from Mobile , and to obtain a considerable number of pelts for the French markets . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why does this girl keep a sweater in the refrigerator '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For some time this writer has been suggesting a Junior Judging Class for Intermediates over 16 and under 20 years of age who are ineligible to compete in the Junior Class . (Filtered Words: 0)
The barbed sallies of Beatrice and [FILTERED] , so contemporary to a public inured to the humor of insult , raised chuckles . (Filtered Words: 1)
American democratic thought , pointed up the relation between the Protestant movement in this country and the development of a social religion , which he called the American Democratic Faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I'll take you with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The platform accelerometers must be slightly modified for this procedure . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- This budget will provide in the fiscal year 1961 for the continued support of our forces at approximately the present level -- a year-end strength of 2,489,000 men and women in the active forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was a clever girl , a most efficient secretary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elaborate studies have been made in labor surplus areas in order to identify sufficient numbers of local job vacancies and future replacement needs for certain skills to justify training programs for those skills . (Filtered Words: 0)
Slocum made his reconnaissanace the next morning , found the town empty , accepted the surrender of the mayor and occupied the city a little before noon . (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ) anionic Polymerization (Filtered Words: 2)
`` It is easy for you to talk '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As to relative frequencies of competing roots ( 7 - 1 vs. 4 - 4 , etc. ) , [FILTERED] with his ' weighting ' seems to be the first to have considered the significance this might have . (Filtered Words: 1)
With another sudden change of mood , he is again calm and protective , exhorting her to trust and obey him as God's spokesman -- and the chromatic scale descends in ominous contradiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` For a minute , anyhow . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was at least conscious of the distinction in my full Yokuts presentation that awaits publication , in which , in listing ' Two-Stem Meanings ' , I set off by asterisks those forms in which N of stem B was Af of stem A/3 , the unasterisked ones standing for Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] speeds are important if you want a good job . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I imagine you're always battling in school '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The forced sale of the General Motors stock owned by or allocable to Christiana , Delaware , and the stockholders of Delaware , and deposited with the trustee , would result in a tax to those parties at the capital gains rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What about your pa '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Should not everyone have been awakened to it as an outstanding fact of our time that the nations poisoned by anti-Semitism proved less fortunate in regard to their own freedom than those whose citizens saved their Jewish compatriots from the transports ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get into your hovel '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The reactants for the gas phase experiments were first frozen out in a side-arm attached to the manifold and then allowed to distil slowly into the manifold of pre-cooled reaction cells before sealing off . (Filtered Words: 0)
The big man with the whitened hair murmured something : his words sounded as if they were in the Manu tongue , which I recognized , having studied the dialect in my Anthropology 6 , class at the University of Chicago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , Mama did mention to Mrs. [FILTERED] that she felt sorry for the little dogs , and then Mrs. [FILTERED] decided to leave the radio on for them while she was gone , even though her husband disapproved of the waste of electricity . (Filtered Words: 2)
The ocean presently co-operates with the target . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the downstream , or `` pavilion '' , side these vaults give out onto terraces twice as wide as the bridge itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the career of Konrad Adenauer , who upheld Germany's tradition of rock-like leaders which Bismarck began , draws near the end . (Filtered Words: 0)
The plan for eliminating traffic hazards for pedestrians was developed by Dr. [FILTERED] , former Minister of Reconstruction in Greece and a consulting planner for the New Eastwick Corp. . (Filtered Words: 1)
He scanned a few lines on the social repercussions of a celebrated nineteenth century sex murderer , but he couldn't seem to concentrate on the weighty , pontifical , ponderous style . (Filtered Words: 0)
You name it , our industry is producing it , and it probably is made in different models . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , with all these qualifications and exceptions , the current dystopian phenomenon remains impressive for its criticism that science and technology , instead of bringing utopia , may well enslave , dehumanize , and even destroy men . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- feed at level for 2 or 3 days . (Filtered Words: 0)
He finished the war as a major general , commanding a full division , and at 25 was the youngest major general in the history of the U.S. Army . (Filtered Words: 0)
The court held that the tax applied to non-profit sales because the corporations realized economic benefits by doing business as two separate entities . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Drink your beer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
if [FILTERED] sat long enough , she would be sure to see all the young officers she had met in San Diego and Long Beach . (Filtered Words: 1)
Public-spirited backers staked him to a brand-new airplane , aimed at putting their city and state on the flying map . (Filtered Words: 0)
The February 1960 issue marked the reinstitution of the section entitled , `` The Medical Officer Writes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) When the complete file has been read , the grammatical descriptions for all text forms found in the dictionary have been stored in the W-region ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What for '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Mustangs don't play this week . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only afterwards did an act like that become meaningless , so that he would puzzle over it for days , whereas at the time it had seemed quite real . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a designer and manufacturer of textile production machinery , [FILTERED] and other companies in its industry have sought to meet this challenge with new or improved equipment and methods that would increase production , yet maintain both quality and flexibility . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] drew more and more on her affection for Joel through the hot days of summer work . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` She wants you and [FILTERED] to have dinner with her tomorrow night '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Distances marked on the specimen in warp and filling directions ( or wales and courses for knitted fabrics ) are measured before and after laundering . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] recently returned from Russia . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was wearing a brown cotton dress , cut across the hips in a way that was supposed to make her look slimmer , a yoke set into the skirt and flaring pleats below . (Filtered Words: 0)
The motor pool then , as now , had headquarter facilities in Providence and other garages located throughout the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
He clutched that knowledge to him as he returned to his dressing room . (Filtered Words: 0)
So long as [FILTERED]'s pa was coming out best on the haggle , [FILTERED] didn't feel the need of putting in his two-bits' worth . (Filtered Words: 2)
Charcoal '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd had patients who'd refused surgery before , of course , but never one who didn't show , in one way or another , the reason why . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sometimes we'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But , even if Mr. [FILTERED] labors too hard to extract more refinements of meaning and feeling from his travel experiences than the limits of language allow , he still can charm and astound . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` How'd you hear about this one '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In such circumstances , it may well be to the advantage of the industry to allow an increase in the basic wage rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The defect of these proposals is in their attempt to outrun history and their assumption that because something may be desirable it is also possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much which was in embryo in 1000 had become reasonably well developed by 800 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result : $1.1 billion added to the deficit in the federal budget . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that I intentionally go unperceived , but the boulders up there are very high and I am a small woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carrying it to the living room , she imagined the picture she made : tall and roundly slim , a bit sophisticated in her yellow sheath , with a graceful swingy walk that she had learned as a twirler with the school band . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll think it over '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tell him under no circumstances to trust the prime minister with Mahzeer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A suggestion from [FILTERED] , a physicist in France , showed us that these electrons are not point particles but waves . (Filtered Words: 1)
The restrained gyro-stabilized platform with reasonable response characteristics operates with an approximate equation of motion , neglecting transient effects , as follows : Af where U is a torque applied about the output axis of the controlling gyro . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first of two possible variations on this theme is symbolized by [FILTERED] [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
From these dosage isopleths it can be seen that an area of over 34,000 square miles was covered . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was neither a spirit of self-sacrifice nor a yen to encourage the downtrodden that motivated [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The older men would be there at noon , and maybe rest for a time before they took their guns off to the creek or drove down the road towards town . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of them ignored the texts and had apparently memorized the words long ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Purpose and scope (Filtered Words: 0)
Gyrocompass heading . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even so , confusion in this period gained such strength ( from compromise and other factors ) that it led to the bloodiest war of the Nineteenth century . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's a kind of agreement in which each party gives something to the other '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
She kicked the locker lid shut and replaced the cushion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of all the possible forms of nonverbal expression , that which seems best to give release , and communicational expression , to complex and undifferentiated feelings is laughter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Weaving seam (Filtered Words: 0)
One boy said querulously about Orthodox Jews : `` It's the twentieth century , and they don't have to wear beards '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ironically enough , in this instance such personal virtues were a luxury . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its purpose was to find ways of offsetting the United States' declining balance of trade for 1958 and 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The choice is up to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
To figure the value of the farm in terms of investment income , divide the estimated annual net farm income by the percentage that you could expect to get in interest if the money were invested in some other way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once many years ago I sat at dinner next to Arthur Train , and the subject of The Nation came up . (Filtered Words: 0)
He came out alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
) of Celtic art forms and a considerable proportion of the Celtic population , reject any institutional legacy from pre-Anglo-Saxon Britain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Standing then with the others , peering into the sun , he saw the bright , multicolored legion , their hair flying like dark banners , only the thunder , the roll of drums , the mad cacophony of the hoofs accompanying them . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a farmer from Palm Desert , Calif. , was sitting up front and could see through the door as the trio entered the cockpit . (Filtered Words: 1)
more effective solutions include explanations , the example of another child , or conditioning by associating the feared object , place , or person with something pleasant . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we still have a long way to go . (Filtered Words: 0)
whom shall I fear ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
About one-third as long , it is less intimate and detailed , but better coordinated , more concise and more dramatic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been carrying an Enfield rifle and a holstered navy cap-and-ball pistol . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Federal Government is aiding local governments in several places to survey residential , commercial and industrial buildings to determine what fallout protection they would provide , and for how many people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meeting it without preparation as they did , robbed of anticipation , a common disappointment seized them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or ( more commonly , thinks [FILTERED] ) the deposits themselves get so big that they choke off the artery's flow to the point that an infarct occurs : the heart muscle is suffocated , cells supplied by the artery die , and the heart is permanently , perhaps fatally injured . (Filtered Words: 1)
Alone , [FILTERED] examined the doors . (Filtered Words: 1)
Their answer was : it can be done , and we will do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Forget motive ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You'd better sleep '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately , there are no cities or towns in the state , with one or two possible exceptions that are in too difficult a position to finance the proposed change . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He dumped it into the back and made sure it wouldn't roll out , then returned to the porch and closed the front door , making sure it was unlocked . (Filtered Words: 0)
everything was glamorous to my dazzled eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
These publications , written especially for the managers or owners of small businesses , indirectly aid in community development programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Colonial Light and Power Company was succeeded by the Vermont Hydro-Electric Corporation , which in turn was absorbed by the Central Vermont Public Service Corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moss , a man who knows how much the cannery helps the county , doesn't believe it will close . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Farmers aren't as price conscious as last year so we can get more money on a sale '' , says [FILTERED] , who sells [FILTERED] tractors and implements in Sioux City , Iowa . (Filtered Words: 2)
Don't know why the County had to send anybody up here . (Filtered Words: 0)
The grant , which stretched southward to Lake Traverse -- the headwaters of the Red -- was made in May , 1811 , and by October of that year a small group of Scots was settling for the winter at York Factory on Hudson Bay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bullets were so thick , throwing sand in his face , that he found it difficult to return the fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here's how the scheme works : Suppose the operator pulls the lever to clear a particular signal . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , I insist , hard to define the [FILTERED] contribution to our political civilization because it is so massive and so widespread and so complicated , and because it goes so deep . (Filtered Words: 1)
Subsequent sections on grants describe the other categories of the grant structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reasons for selecting mail questionnaire method (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My name's Gisele '' , the blonde said after she ordered a Scotch . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Arranging for ministerial graduates to spend from 6-12 months as apprentices in well-established churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is being fought , moreover , in fairly close correspondence with the predictions of the soothsayers of the think factories . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s interests . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Whiskey still , my foot '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
As early as the 6th century B.C. the earth was seen to be spherical . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Costs may seem high , but they used to be even higher '' , says Dr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Two thieves are crucified with Christ , one saved and the other damned . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the last few years , the application of chromatographic and other modern techniques to the problem of isolating TSH has led to further purification ( Bates and Condliffe , 1960 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The mixture was then extracted with alkali and with water following which the carbon tetrachloride was distilled on a Vigreux column , a 25% center cut being retained which was then degassed under vacuum in the presence of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm lay in his bunk and thought , the camp is quiet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Put to the service of lieder of [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] in a dramatical and musical way , it made its effect with ease and precision . (Filtered Words: 4)
A kind of double standard exists here for Jewish boys and girls as it does in the realm of sex . (Filtered Words: 0)
Already this study has suggested ways to cut his foundation manhours from 170 to 105 by eliminating idle time and wasted motion . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have helped him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elegance and color (Filtered Words: 0)
The only thing that had ever come between them was that worthless , selfish sister of his . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unruly hair goes straight up from his forehead , standing so high that the top falls gently over , as if to show that it really is hair and not bristle . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Senator '' , said an interviewer , `` your constituents can't understand from your speech last night just how you stand on the question '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The platform is initially off level by the angle Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
they had also had to generalize it -- to the point , finally , where the illusion of depth and relief became abstracted from specific three-dimensional entities and was rendered largely as the illusion of depth and relief as such : as a disembodied attribute and expropriated property detached from everything not itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
You should -- smack ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A hebephrenic man used to give a repetitious wave of his hand a number of times during his largely-silent hours with his therapist . (Filtered Words: 0)
The backbend is of extreme importance to any form of free gymnastics , and , as with all acrobatics , the sooner begun the better the results . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , I don't wish to appear happy at somebody else's misfortune '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unanalyzed responses (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only should this provision be enforced but other economic and political actions might be taken which , this author believes , `` must surely be supported by every American who values the freedom that has been won for him and whose conscience is not so dominated by the lines in his account books that he can willingly and knowingly contribute to the enslavement of another nation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine tried to roll on his right side , and moaned . (Filtered Words: 0)
It runs a little more than ten minutes , is workmanlike , busy , methodical and featureless . (Filtered Words: 0)
As Mayor , Mr. [FILTERED] might turn out to be more independent than some of his leading supporters would like . (Filtered Words: 1)
Technique pure and simple , rendition , is not of major importance , but it is interesting that Parker , following [FILTERED] , was one of the leaders of the so-called saxophone revolution . (Filtered Words: 1)
The woman seemed utterly unafraid of the snake which coiled on the floor in a torpor . (Filtered Words: 0)
But then , redheads are often pale . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
its principal features should be a product of his most considered judgment . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a certain discontent among the cardinals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be sure that the landing foot is brought close to the hands and that only one foot lands at a time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Palazzo [FILTERED] , still inhabited by the [FILTERED] family , adjoins the Palazzo Mattei . (Filtered Words: 2)
more chapters of [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Properties (Filtered Words: 0)
Issue no. 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Think I can't count '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
their fears now are of miscegenation and Negro political control in many counties . (Filtered Words: 0)
As our discussion continued , the inadequacy of the `` client relationship '' as an interpretation of their `` way of operating '' became evident . (Filtered Words: 0)
The division between the island and this shore , consists principally of an arch ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The same conclusions can be drawn from the other physical evidence of the Dark ages , from linguistic distribution , and from the survivals of early social , political , and religious patterns into later ages . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is what [FILTERED] did . (Filtered Words: 1)
and General Motors and Du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any Du Pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by General Motors to Du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Mayor [FILTERED] heard of the banquet he summoned Hughes for an explanation of why he had been dishonouring the police department by consorting with these felons and fixers . (Filtered Words: 1)
Biological agents are , of course , highly host-specific . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Union Pacific Railroad streamliner , City of San Francisco , stopped in Ogden , Utah , for a few minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were all completely shrouded . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Four cuts at least '' , he chuckled to himself , `` and I owe it all to them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She fell asleep leaning on her hand , hearing the house creaking as though it were a living a private life of its own these two hundred years , hearing the birds rustling in their cages and the occasional whirring of wings as one of them landed on the table and walked across the newspaper to perch in the crook of her arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
But even so [FILTERED] could not give up her intellectual pursuits . (Filtered Words: 1)
Modern warfare was born in this campaign -- periscopes , camouflage , booby traps , land mines , extended order , trench raids , foxholes , armored cars , night attacks , flares , sharpshooters in trees , interlaced vines and treetops , which were the forerunners of barbed wire , trip wires to thwart a cavalry charge , which presaged the mine trap , and the general use of anesthetics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lacking guidance , industry picks its own areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
As we know , the Soviet peasant today still very largely thrives on being able to sell the produce grown on his private plot ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Picture ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I can't throw . (Filtered Words: 0)
Getting to and from school was no problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , if the Orioles are to improve , Brandt , Triandos and Walker will have to do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
An intellectual . (Filtered Words: 0)
One thing was certain -- his method was effective , so effective that after a time even the warning notices were often unnecessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
All belong to the collection being given to [FILTERED] over a period of years by Mrs. [FILTERED] , who has cherished such revelatory items ever since she first studied with [FILTERED] at the Art Students League , New York , in the 1920's . (Filtered Words: 3)
Friend or enemy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
it was only too true . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in so many other areas we still are dragging . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I was to go to work on that odd matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
February's volume was 1 per cent above January's for the first pickup since last October , although it's still 1.5 per cent off from February 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the same method of shaping and fitting the dogs and notches is used throughout , we will only describe the construction of one locking bar . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , when first penetration takes place , the pressure and pain signals may involuntarily cause all the vaginal muscles to contract in an effort to bar the intrusion and prevent further pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have a reception for new members in the parlor or social hall immediately after the service . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Rests the tissues '' , he said , `` and pacifies the system . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only way out of this state of affairs is agreement to abolish nuclear weapons ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He hung up with a bang , annoyed at himself for running off at the mouth like that but still terribly concerned with the situation he had helped to create . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course his love was expressed in intelligent care . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was taken aback . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ever since the fourth century a controversy had raged over the person of Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
You need tongs to handle meat ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Manchester Journal commented editorially on the surprising amount of local telegraphic business . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was this what he had expected ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For each i , let Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The problem , in other words , is strictly a chronological one . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] from the herb garden was also used to stop bleeding , and rue was an antiseptic . (Filtered Words: 1)
As capitalism in the 20th century has become increasingly dependent upon force and violence for its survival , the private detective is placed in a serious dilemma . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s wife and two of his sons , [FILTERED] , 17 , and [FILTERED] , 13 , were inside the house . (Filtered Words: 3)
Perhaps a course in typewriting might be regarded as the exception which proves the rule . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , this happy , roving son of good fortune proved that he could accept the disciplines of a new social-economic order fighting for its very existence and ideals in a truculent world . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , [FILTERED] , president of Bell & Howell , warned 800 U.S. marketing leaders attending a national conference at the Ambassador , that the future will belong to the industrialist of creative and `` unconventional wisdom '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Northeast (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion without supernaturalism (Filtered Words: 0)
The survival of the family will depend largely on information received by radio . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cut off excess screw lengths and file flush with either frame or nut . (Filtered Words: 0)
His aptitudes and preferences could be given more weight in selecting the proper training . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is not prepared for it -- naturally , nobody is -- and , what is possibly much more to the point , he is exposed , as few white people are , to the anguish of the black people around him . (Filtered Words: 0)
So I made no mention of air transport until we could get at least some of it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are not governmentally subsidized organizations . (Filtered Words: 0)
That would have made things so much easier . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We were brought up that way '' was one statement which won general assent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The language and notation introduced are standard throughout the chapter . (Filtered Words: 0)
His manhood had been attacked . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that point [FILTERED] came into the picture . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` How many is that , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
and my husband hasn't had a vacation in 14 years . (Filtered Words: 0)
It must be getting more serious . (Filtered Words: 0)
Doctrine was not only mysterious ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
From the town surveyor , [FILTERED] learned drawing and mathematics and , from a university student , some academic subjects . (Filtered Words: 1)
The suicide attempt looked to him like an opportunity to put his theory to the test . (Filtered Words: 0)
If laying ties on a railroad track , which he once did for $1 an hour , paid more than playing right field for the Yankees , [FILTERED] would lay ties on a railroad track . (Filtered Words: 1)
If we stop thinking in terms of tremendous multimegaton nuclear weapons and consider employing much smaller nuclear weapons which may be more appropriate for most important military targets , it would seem that the B-52 or [FILTERED] could carry a great many small nuclear weapons . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was the guy what always goofed at Question Time . (Filtered Words: 0)
It contracts with outside repair garages for much of the latter work . (Filtered Words: 0)
( What other purpose could a striking union have but to interrupt the flow of commerce from the struck enterprise ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , he thought , I doubt if she could hit the side of a barn with a shotgun . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] brushed at his eyes with his free hand and started down the steps . (Filtered Words: 1)
Though it might be that we would have much to give you , you have nothing to give us '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At first Barco was evasive and shifty . (Filtered Words: 0)
As soon as the shelter is completed a radio reception check must be made . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hegel's profound admiration for the insights of the Greek tragedians indicates a broad channel of classical influence upon nineteenth-century philosophy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It slips away , it burns and tortures me . (Filtered Words: 0)
They bring the news that the Pretender has been excommunicated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Alexander shifted his gaze to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now [FILTERED] and his friends were returning to seek him out . (Filtered Words: 1)
Initial claims for jobless benefits were said to have dropped by 8,100 in the week ending March 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the Af bond is linear then there are three reasonable positions for the hydrogen atoms : ( 1 ) The hydrogen atoms are centered and hence all lie on a sheet midway between the oxygen sheets ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
At the present time the research team which pioneered this new technique is primarily interested in advancing and perfecting it . (Filtered Words: 0)
so are certain signals that she does not accept divorce . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like ours , the economy of the space merchants must constantly expand in order to survive , and , like ours , it is based on the principle of `` ever increasing everybody's work and profits in the circle of consumption '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The crowd staged its own mad scene in salvos of cheers and applause and finally a standing ovation as Miss [FILTERED] took curtain call after curtain call following a fantastic `` Mad Scene '' created on her own and with the help of the composer and the other performers . (Filtered Words: 1)
The lyricist's father was a lawyer who had branched out into real estate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Irradiation using the nuclide source is more expensive than use of an electron accelerator . (Filtered Words: 0)
American policy should press constantly the view that until these governments demand efficiency and effectiveness of their bureaucracies there is not the slightest hope that they will either modernize of democratize their societies . (Filtered Words: 0)
To you , for instance , the word innocence , in this connotation , probably retained its Biblical , or should I say technical sense , and therefore I suppose I must make myself quite clear by saying that I lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before I was legally entitled , and in fact by oath required , to hand it over along with what other goods and bads I had . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] supports the idea that the universe both expands and contracts , that in several billion years the expansion will slow up and reverse itself and that the contraction will set in . (Filtered Words: 1)
They could still read the opening : `` Once , I was like you , stepping out of my window at the end of day , and letting the winds blow me gently toward the place I lived in . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I didn't really think it was as simple as that , nor did anyone else . (Filtered Words: 0)
The colonel grunted , then made a remark which might be construed in either of two ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believed him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not deny God ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This will require about a 40 percent increase over the present level of protection . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the paragraphs that follow , we quote from 32 men who are identified on the final page . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through the door , he had seen Mr. [FILTERED] walking around , waiting for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] ( Faber Hanover-Chalidale Lena ) 2:33 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
That done , her work is accomplished and she ignores the plant . (Filtered Words: 0)
With [FILTERED] on his way and Matilda visiting with Mrs. [FILTERED] while they searched out familiar names on the face of the cliff , Harmony settled on the edge of the grub box , to ease the pressure of her swollen body on her bone-weary legs , and worried about all that might have happened to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
Funeral services for Mrs. [FILTERED] and her daughter , [FILTERED] , 11 , who died of burns at the same hospital Monday , have been scheduled for 10 a.m. tomorrow in St. Anne's Catholic Church , 31978 Mound , in Warren . (Filtered Words: 2)
If we can't raise the capital , we're through . (Filtered Words: 0)
The measurement of topcoats on primers can also readily be carried out . (Filtered Words: 0)
I started to say something else appropriate , but the man had hung up . (Filtered Words: 0)
A bright sun and brisk wind had the track in a fast condition for the first time this week and 8,280 St. Patty Day celebrants bet $842,617 on the well-prepared program . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meats (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stared at him with hurt blue eyes that gushed an instant grief ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Specific differences exist in the action of different drugs belonging to the same group as , for instance , between reserpine and chlorpromazine . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Make it as snappy as you can , will you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The American liberal may , in the world of to-day , have a strong case ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] began shakily , with a voice that tended toward an unpleasant whiteness when pushed beyond middle volume . (Filtered Words: 1)
Prairie dogs were popping up and popping down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let T be a linear operator on the finite-dimensional vector space V over the field F . (Filtered Words: 0)
To insist on a level of performance in programing and budgeting completely beyond the capabilities of the recipient country would result in the frustration of the basic objective of our development assistance to encourage more rapid growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Martin turned his back . (Filtered Words: 0)
But have we not gone overboard in stressing their significance ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the atmosphere is that of an attractive private beach club at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
The upper limit was determined by the difficulty of measuring the characteristic anode surface temperature ( see below ) since only a small region of the anode was struck by the arc . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a long , rambling ranch , two such units can be installed , one serving the living area , the other the sleeping zone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each applicant is required to own or have sufficient interest in the property to be explored . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now listen to me , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had not yet undertaken the great exploit of his later years , the rediscovery of the ancient Inca highway , the route of Pizarro in Peru , but he had climbed to the original El Dorado , the Andean lake of Guatemala , and he had scaled the southern Sierra Nevada with its Tibetan-like people and looked into the emerald mines of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Continuous motion of the arc contact area at the anode by flow or magnetic forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Signs of this type have already made their appearance in several larger cities , and others are on the way . (Filtered Words: 0)
The DC statement is used to name and enter constants into the object program . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guest list is in itself a little parable of the state of American civic life at this time . (Filtered Words: 0)
This excellent foreign bomb takes only six . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it would only be for a couple of weeks -- until they get straightened out '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had plenty of work to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
he may also be the one who makes and bottles the best blends -- sound wines from vineyards generally in his own district . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spirit and community (Filtered Words: 0)
With many company policies you get a fleet discount if you insure five or more rigs . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was hoped that the facts concerning the characteristics and practices of the respondents would offer clues to the reasons why they took the positions and made the recommendations which they did . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` His address '' , [FILTERED] added , `` is that great foundling home , the American Express . (Filtered Words: 1)
May He bless you all . (Filtered Words: 0)
This and raw sugar replace ordinary refined sugar on the tables and very little sugar is used in cooking . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As soon as it started to form , Gannon spotted it '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Shell people were schooled to examine every aspect of a problem or situation before making a prognosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said he wanted very much to listen . (Filtered Words: 0)
His face was fuller ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly , most continue to lack a certain warmth in communication with other people , but many adjust to school , even college , to jobs and even to marriage and parenthood . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had lost the extra torsos . (Filtered Words: 0)
Trevelyan is militantly sure of the superiority of English institutions and character over those of other peoples . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he finally did he had to duck his head quickly away as the pitch came in . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was walking across to the bathroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Schools and community groups turn to the headquarters film library for documentary , art , and experimental films to show at libraries that sponsor local programs , and to organizations in member communities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though in most cases the completion of the definitive editions of their writings is still years off , enough documentation has already been assembled to warrant drawing a new composite profile of the leadership which performed the heroic dual feats of winning American independence and founding a new nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although we continue to pay our conversational devotions to `` free private enterprise '' , `` individual initiative '' , `` the democratic way '' , `` government of the people '' , `` competition of the marketplace '' , etc. , we live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas , bureaucracy is corroding representative government , technology is weakening the citizen's confidence in his own power to make decisions , and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the ground '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Surely , Captain , you did not find my name on any suspicious paper or anything '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt like a [FILTERED] in Rome . (Filtered Words: 1)
Minerals exploration (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet it wasn't so . (Filtered Words: 0)
the information cell Af is saved to represent the text occurrence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concessionaires also had to pay a tax of one-tenth on the goods they traded , and all pelts were to be taken to company stores and shipped to France in company ships . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nick wondered if Elaine had bought them , but he said nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
the mere piling up of testimony does not prove , to the scientific mind , the existence of hoop snakes , joint snakes , or ghosts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Provided , That nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit the life of the Commission , or its authority to act on future agreements which may be effected under the provisions of this legislation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hemphill said that the Hughes Steel Erection Co. contracted to do the work at an impossibly low cost with a bid that was far less than the `` legitimate '' bids of competing contractors . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` See that kid '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
To the pope , head of the universal Church , to the duke of [FILTERED] , taking full advantage of his position on the borders of France and of the Empire , or to Othon , who found it quite natural that he should do homage to [FILTERED] for Tipperary and to the count of Savoy for Grandson , [FILTERED]'s outspoken nationalism was completely incomprehensible . (Filtered Words: 3)
What Krim ignores , in his contempt for history and for accuracy , is that these magazines , Partisan foremost , brought about a genuine revolution in the American mind from the mid-thirties to approximately 1950 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He opened the door and followed Rourke out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Action located where the evil is concentrated will prove most decisive and is most clearly legitimate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once I had a religious emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was actually walking down the stairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hate it . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is this something ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In his Message of December 2 , 1862 , he put his purpose and his policy in these words -- which I would call the Lincoln Law of Liberty-and-Union : `` In giving freedom to the slave , we assure freedom to the free '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She opened it an inch and poked out the keys for me to give you . (Filtered Words: 0)
O Wilfrid ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Their presence fouled the elegance of that room . (Filtered Words: 0)
and , as in the March home , any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
This completes the proof of statement ( A ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does your company have a program for selecting and developing sales and marketing management personnel for the longer term ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was thrown out , more or less , from Boston , Plymouth , Pocasset , Newport , and Providence . (Filtered Words: 0)
To her peanuts and emeralds would have been just so much blubber . (Filtered Words: 0)
And any sequence can not only change its positions in the work but can even be eliminated from it altogether . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remington Jet Magnum Center Fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Companies of all types have made great advances in production capabilities and efficiencies -- in modern equipment and new processes , enlarged R & D facilities , faster new product development . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes they just parked at the side of the road and used radar on the trucks as they passed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quint smothered a yawn . (Filtered Words: 0)
What comes after Trujillo is now the puzzle . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bill , which Daniel said he drafted personally , would force banks , insurance firms , pipeline companies and other corporations to report such property to the state treasurer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here [FILTERED] gave a slight sigh of weariness , and continued , `` It means more long years lived across the social grain of the life of our people , making shift to live in the face of popular disrespect and misunderstanding as I best can for myself and those dependent upon me '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now let us see where this power comes from . (Filtered Words: 0)
One effect of the proposal , which puts a premium on population instead of economic strength , as in the past , would be to take jobs from European nations and give more to such countries as India . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have no doubt about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prime minister moves fast (Filtered Words: 0)
2.1.6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
C'mon , buddy , help me set up the kitchen and we'll have food in a minute or two '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Payment by check or money order . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently [FILTERED] caught the crowd when its parties had begun to pall . (Filtered Words: 1)
There would be side-conclusions to be drawn , of course ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The system of indicating gender varied according to tense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Intermarriage , which is generally regarded as a threat to Jewish survival , was regarded not with horror or apprehension but with a kind of mild , clinical disapproval . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked at each of them in turn , [FILTERED] last of all . (Filtered Words: 1)
The homely everyday details of living and domestic requirements also pressed upon her with their immediate urgency . (Filtered Words: 0)
People don't know how much they give away about themselves by remarks like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seemed , indeed , that their house was not so much a home , but rather a perfect stage set , and that they were actors who had been handed fat roles in a successful play , and had talent enough to fill the roles competently , with nice understatement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Uniconer has several outstanding features -- it operates with much greater efficiency than existing equipment ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I sure can't complain about the service in this place '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. John 29 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They have little `` esprit de corps '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also available from this company are Snug-Grip Plasti-Bars , extruded of transparent acrylic material , which may be cemented to any corrugated acrylic background material . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was the pursuer as clearly as was Venus in [FILTERED]'s poem . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` See for yourself , Miss Zion . (Filtered Words: 0)
He used it very effectively when he wanted to get his squad on the ball . (Filtered Words: 0)
Penny lowered her eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The debate needed no additional controversy and soon I could ask each individually what he expected from life , what his hopes were and what his fears . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could not keep my eyes away from the boy with the red hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experimental procedure and error analysis (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' Ought not to be missed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be assumed that differences in ratings due to selection of growth centers from specific regions of the body will be small , according to existing tables of onset age and completion age for centers throughout the body . (Filtered Words: 0)
So I drank more cognac . (Filtered Words: 0)
The school raises enough poultry , pigs , and beef cattle for most of their needs . (Filtered Words: 0)
In repeated sets of five shots his numbers of bull's-eyes vary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her veil was caught to a crown , and she carried gardenias and stephanotis . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was nearly 13 years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a sniper's nest in a mountain cave , and it was picking off our men with devilish accuracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
when his Holiness Pope John 23 , first called for an Ecumenical Council , and at the same time voiced his yearning for Christian unity , the enthusiasm among Catholic and Protestant ecumenicists was immediate . (Filtered Words: 0)
With our growth came expansion into new fields of service . (Filtered Words: 0)
His first glimpse of the ranch house across the brushy swells told him nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men of your company would not allow your name dishonored . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had a two-hour luncheon together in `` an atmosphere of cordial understanding and relaxation '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is their tultul , the ' jumping platform ' of death . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt suddenly elated , adventurous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington , July 24 (Filtered Words: 0)
When he charged [FILTERED] was ready . (Filtered Words: 1)
The features of his face are distinct , but not fine . (Filtered Words: 0)
he usually draws some kind of comparison with the jazz tradition and the poem he is reading -- for instance , he draws the parallel between a poem he reads about an Oriental courtesan waiting for the man she loves , and who never comes , and the old blues chants of [FILTERED] and other Negro singers -- but usually the comparison is specious . (Filtered Words: 1)
But it is done , consistently and I'm both surprised and impressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Sir ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Now draw '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
What did he hope to accomplish here ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But now I think I hate it very much '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly , further desegregation may come from suits pending in three Tennessee cities , Chattanooga , Knoxville , and Memphis . (Filtered Words: 0)
He gloated , and his lips slavered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes , although by no means always , these are indeed alkaline . (Filtered Words: 0)
This filly is a much better individual than either of her full-sisters , [FILTERED] and Cerise -- more scale and much better underpinning . (Filtered Words: 1)
Demonstrating the primitive African rhythmic backgrounds of the [FILTERED] was [FILTERED] , who plays such native drums as the konga and even does a resounding job slapping his own chest . (Filtered Words: 2)
It dealt mainly with a broad range of East-West issues . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wondered if it wore the old anxiety , or the old , taut stoicism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet he must chance it . (Filtered Words: 0)
When ity is added , real clearly has two syllables . (Filtered Words: 0)
The road past the butcher shop took us along the side of a stream . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , in fact , a relatively mild chastisement of the dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's a ' scene ' '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A nigger boy opened the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
It appeared that the theory could be saved in one way only . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the popular Chinese mind , [FILTERED] ( Zen ) was no exception to the ideas of coarse magic that dominated . (Filtered Words: 1)
Resentment welled up yesterday among Democratic district leaders and some county leaders at reports that Mayor [FILTERED] had decided to seek a third term with [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] as running mates . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` Let's play with 'em '' , [FILTERED] said , rising from where he sat on the ground and dusting off his overall pants . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We're all God's creatures , aren't we '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The issue was acute because the exiled Polish Government in London , supported in the main by Britain , was still competing with the new Lublin Government formed behind the Red Army . (Filtered Words: 0)
They neither liked nor disliked the Old Man . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the abstractionism , the unrealism , of the pure idealist . (Filtered Words: 0)
For when he began to talk and dream all at the same time , making his plans as he went , she had begun dreaming too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another great danger is that the emerging middle class will feel itself increasingly alienated from the political leaders who still justify their dominance by reference to the struggle for independence or the early phase of nationalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As to the necessity '' , the committee declared , `` for some form of effective control of the size of the family and the spacing of children , and consequently of control of conception , there can be no question . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hanging the responsible officials would not abolish the government , but would emphasize its accountability for the lives of its individual citizens , which would certainly alter it , and definitely for the better . (Filtered Words: 0)
Technique pure and simple , rendition , is not of major importance , but it is interesting that Parker , following [FILTERED] , was one of the leaders of the so-called saxophone revolution . (Filtered Words: 1)
She suspected that [FILTERED] had been competing with [FILTERED] for attention that she had never had . (Filtered Words: 2)
When he opened the door , there stood [FILTERED] , on his way out of the apartment . (Filtered Words: 1)
Do not let the wicked spirits enter your brain '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where did you go to school '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps . (Filtered Words: 0)
And only a few seconds to answer it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm lay in his bunk and listened to the sounds of the night on Yancey-6 138 . (Filtered Words: 0)
nobody could have told why . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fifth , in the segregated school system or in the all-Negro or all-white schools , how can we encourage better group relations or an improved attitude toward people who do not belong to the group ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is different at Chartres . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is determined to make this dive . (Filtered Words: 1)
He did not lower his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
The odds favor a special session , more than likely early in the year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey watched him coming with a vision as clean as the glare on the metal sides of the trailer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was already taking measurements for a shelf above the kitchen sink . (Filtered Words: 1)
I granted this might be so , but found the result to be even more attention to form than was the case previously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those qualities make [FILTERED] a popular asset at the Salvation Army's Social Center at 1200 Larimer St. . (Filtered Words: 1)
Brahm's Sonata in A , although also vigorous , stood up well under the two artists' strong , large-scale treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a black swamp clay in which about one hundred million years ago cypress-like trees were growing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither acknowledged the gift . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` To absent loved ones '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Immediately refill to a level of Af inches with water at 100 - 109-degrees-F ( 38 - 43*0C ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Institute of Public Administration , in its report to the State Fiscal Study Commission in 1959 , recommended `` consolidating and centralizing all aspects of property tax administration in a single state agency professionally organized and equipped for the job '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who saw his finished Pieta would take the place of the biblical witnesses . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. John 14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again the plan was for me to go alone , but they wouldn't let me . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drank slowly with due appreciation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe , for which he at once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad , at first in Italy , then in Greece , Egypt , [FILTERED] , and Palestine . (Filtered Words: 1)
It dealt mainly with a broad range of East-West issues . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` When your mother was here he must have been a young boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their stupidity and arrogance they believe they are called upon to remind the gentile continually of pogroms and ghettos . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have heard people talk with contempt about the British regulars , but that only proves that a lot of people talk about things of which they are deplorably ignorant . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Power . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shouldering the load he peered from the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something special was going on here just now -- the annual display of azalea plants . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
The Drexel collection , called Composite , to be shown by Titche's offers a realistic approach to decorating , a mature modern that is a variation of many designs . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was nevertheless almost incredible that four years after Yalta there should be a complete split over Germany , with hot heads on both sides planning to use the Germans against their former allies , and with Nazi-minded Germans expecting to recover their power by fighting on one side or the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mayor [FILTERED] must , as his opponents demand , assume responsibility for his performance in office . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is greatly to Berman's credit that he made no attempt to outdo [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The shelter shown would provide almost absolute fallout protection . (Filtered Words: 0)
The New York franchise is headed by Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
For it was [FILTERED]'s type of music that he had been trying to write , and that he couldn't write . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Now , I believe Poor John'll work just a little harder . (Filtered Words: 0)
And thus torn between his desire to be known as the composer of a successful opera and the necessity of remaining true to his proclaimed desire for anonymity , [FILTERED] suffered through several painful weeks . (Filtered Words: 1)
B . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] had been given sixteen names , a bundle of literature , and a printed book of receipts . (Filtered Words: 1)
If your child works for you , you may deduct reasonable wages you paid to him for services he rendered in your business . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , he couldn't help thinking , we're all getting old , getting small ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] did not at all like the look on [FILTERED]'s regular-featured , almost girlishly good-looking face -- or indeed anything about [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
It was for love that he had served the Navy . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result of the new outlook for turnpikes , investors who bought toll-road bonds when these securities ranked as outright speculations are now finding new hope for their investments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deegan dropped , got up , turned and , holding the bat with both hands up against his chest , began to walk slowly out to the mound . (Filtered Words: 0)
These involve more the mechanics employed in adjusting to fiscal uniformity than they do actual disadvantages to the principle . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not within the jurisdiction of anybody or anything , including Providence and Massachusetts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The kitchen was jammed . (Filtered Words: 0)
O'Banion was born in poverty , the son of an immigrant Irish plasterer , in the North Side's [FILTERED] , close by the Sicilian quarter and Death Corner . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was getting so that we , the Committee , were being tried . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next , run the engine and let it heat up so the thermostat opens , and then look for leaks again . (Filtered Words: 0)
The refusal to resume atmospheric testing would be a good start . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , there must be clarity : a single distinct impression is more valuable than many fuzzy ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
When three dice are tossed repeatedly , what is the probability that the number of aces is 0 ( or 1 , or 2 , or 3 ) ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He then launched into what the issues should be in the campaign . (Filtered Words: 0)
This hysteria reached its height under the leadership of Senator [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then he threw things . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can fix him something later in the afternoon when we get home '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cold supper was ordered and a bottle of port . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turn off at any one of the marked picnic areas ( gasoline companies have touring service bureaus that issue booklets on national parks to tell you where you have barbecue facilities ) and -- with soft drinks cooled from morning loading up , hamburger , buns , an array of relishes , and fresh fruit -- your lunch is 75% cheaper than at a restaurant , and 100% more fun . (Filtered Words: 0)
Emotional characteristics (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked , between wheezes of laughter . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] art God '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Are you utilizing vending machine proceeds to help pay for your program ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
After his passage , the street was empty again . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the top of Figure 5 , for example , the Onset range and Completion range lines for the chosen growth center have been drawn for girls according to their mean and standard deviation values in Table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and company , however , promptly bought land from Miantonomi a few miles south of Pawtuxet , extending from the present Gaspee Point south to Warwick Neck and twenty miles inland . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- In Today's `` Voice '' , the CTA is urged to reduce fares for senior citizens . (Filtered Words: 0)
He held the razor well out to one side . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was what she had been thinking herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's the one who's lucky '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The process of social control is operative insofar as sanctions play a part in the individual's behavior , as well as the group's behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another obstacle was the grammatical construction of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
His burst held for a second on the engine section of the plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is not likely to win this battle easily . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a preacher and a college and university president in four Southern states , published the earliest of these backwoods sketches and in the character Ransy Sniffle , in the accounts of sharp horse-trading and eye-gouging physical combat , and in the shockingly unliterary speech of his characters , he set an example followed by many after him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Actually Heaven and the Dark Kingdom overlap ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
My husband is in great pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The robe , however , was missing , for by that time Barco had disposed of it at a pawnshop in Glendale . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sen. [FILTERED] , has received a nice `` thank you '' note from a youngster he appointed to the Air Force Academy in Colorado . (Filtered Words: 1)
At times they would ride frenziedly through the camp , letting the women see their courage , how handsome they were in their regalia . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purpose of the present study is to study the thermal conditions and to establish an energy balance for a transpiration cooled anode as well as the effect of blowing on the arc voltage . (Filtered Words: 0)
There , Mother was received by the scions of aristocratic lines which are dominated by the [FILTERED] ( of beer derivation ) , the Chalmers ( of underwear origin ) , and the Heinzes ( whose forbears founded a nationally famous trade in pickles ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
She looked more like twenty-five or six . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It doesn't drown out the dialogue '' , I explained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cascading of single stages , enclosed in one common envelope . (Filtered Words: 0)
Considerable specialization in teaching subjects such as architecture , furniture design , textiles and color is also desirable . (Filtered Words: 0)
For another moment we didn't talk , then she began to weep . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are 12 of these to choose from , all of them of popular music except for the star release , Pass In Review ( SP-44001 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Figures 1 to 3 show photographic and schematic views of the test stand and of two different models of the anode holder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although much of the Industrial Division's promotional effort is devoted to securing new locations and expansions by major industries , small business is also afforded considerable attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
His black hat with its wide brim , high crown , and fur trim rode high . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fat bottles , such as [FILTERED] , have a way of rolling around in the bin and often need little props , such as a bit of cardboard or a chip of wood , to hold them in the proper reclining posture . (Filtered Words: 1)
I felt my frozen sad face crumble , and I grinned a silly one I couldn't have helped . (Filtered Words: 0)
among the operating departments of the state ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He has advised me that the narrower interpretation is the proper one ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She was nude to the waist and her tumbled abundance of black hair did not conceal the knife slashes on her back . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had ordered him not to leave the far bank . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus the films seen as they came in ( coordinated for the regular sections ) , were often out of context . (Filtered Words: 0)
nor was she moved by a letter from [FILTERED] pointing out that if he was not `` compelled to spend money on useless lawyer's bills , useless hotel bills , and useless doctor's bills '' , he could more quickly provide [FILTERED] with a suitable home either in Los Angeles or Paris , as she preferred . (Filtered Words: 2)
He felt that this campaign would be famous in the annals of war . (Filtered Words: 0)
All contributed will be acknowledged . (Filtered Words: 0)
8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or at least appear to reject it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A [FILTERED] ( [FILTERED] , Director ) was formed under AIMO in the Congo , to work in close rapport with the Section Statistique of the Secretariat General . (Filtered Words: 2)
Dartmouth is today still a small college -- and still a private one , thanks to [FILTERED]'s eloquence . (Filtered Words: 1)
The National Park Service now proposes to preserve an area in Pottawatomie County , northeast Kansas , as a `` Prairie National Park '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] invented a job to keep him busy , sending him ahead to El Dorado to supervise last minute arrangements . (Filtered Words: 1)
Curt , angry enough to be a little reckless , raised his hands shoulder high . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she was learning that so long as she was in this country , and wore civilian dress in the Club , there would always be transient young men who would approach her with broken English . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a slight lapse condition , a moderate fog , and 100 per cent relative humidity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Viola had been urged to attend , by telephone , and not knowing the host or the character of the party , she had gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
If then any man is in Christ , he is a new creature ( literally , `` He is a new creation ) , the former things have passed away ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was nice to be able to isolate it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now big forces buffet food . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately the cafes might not make enough money to support themselves during the off season . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has not been any great mental effort on my part to keep up with this mechanization which has brought about new ways of dialing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently the population as a whole eventually acquires enough confidence in the explanations of the scientists to modify its procedures and its fears . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Had he always wished to be a conductor ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Father [FILTERED] goes back to the Declaration of Independence , too , though I may add , with considerably more historical perception . (Filtered Words: 1)
This was juvenile ridicule . (Filtered Words: 0)
geochemistry (Filtered Words: 0)
In a sense , perhaps , [FILTERED] is indebted artistically to the surrealist painter ( was it [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
When stacking wine on its side in a bin , care should always be taken to be sure there is no air bubble left next to the cork . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come on , darling . (Filtered Words: 0)
This filly is another Adios that wants to trot , and trot she did until forced to do otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
A noticeable protrusion of the upper or lower jaw . (Filtered Words: 0)
She understood sex anyway , and played at it well . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last couple of years the Bears management got the business from the `` Living Room Athletic Club '' when games were cut off . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though President [FILTERED] was primarily concerned with the crucial problems of Berlin and disarmament adviser [FILTERED]'s unexpected report from Khrushchev , his new enthusiasm and reliance on personal diplomacy involved him in other key problems of U.S. foreign policy last week . (Filtered Words: 2)
She thought as warm , drizzling rain touched her face . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] objects to art as an outpouring of personal emotion . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some of these thoughts -- not all of them -- have taken organized form in later years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reduced to its simplest terms , it is an assumption of a collective duty to compensate for the inability of individuals to cope with the rigors of the era . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President helped her a lot by selecting some lovely colored dresses to get her started . (Filtered Words: 0)
The city has sued for the full amount of the $172,400 performance bond covering the contract . (Filtered Words: 0)
All bounced . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The church's ability to change her methods is going to determine her ability to meet the challenge of this hour '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were coming on at reckless speed for such old vehicles . (Filtered Words: 0)
A system of `` gold '' -- actually yellow -- phones connects him with the offices and action stations of the Secretary of Defense , the Joint Chiefs of Staff , the SAC commander and other key men . (Filtered Words: 0)
We went to the Louvre for a few hours , then by Metro to a cabaret in Montmartre . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this one was . (Filtered Words: 0)
For most small children , learning a forward roll is simply a matter of copying another child who can . (Filtered Words: 0)
And wasn't John's wife , Edythe , even more appalling , if possible ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
rhythm-and-blues mood music ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and an administrative organization to take the routine load away from department managers and project engineers as much as possible , thus allowing them more time for strictly technical work . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made a sound of despair deep in his throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone in the ball park seemed to be standing and shouting . (Filtered Words: 0)
It all takes place in the eighteenth century . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although Pearson disbelieved almost everything [FILTERED] said , and read a sinister purpose into almost everything she did , he happily accepted her statement about [FILTERED] as the whole truth . (Filtered Words: 2)
He was just short of arm's reach when he stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
Senior Physicist . (Filtered Words: 0)
In support of the emphasis placed by the Department of Defense on instruction in emergency medical care , the Medical Illustration Service developed casualty simulation kits and rescue breathing manikins which are being field tested ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The academic dean should take a direct , long-term interest in faculty development . (Filtered Words: 0)
In good time I shall get to the distressing actuality , to Red McIver and [FILTERED] , to murder and sudden death . (Filtered Words: 1)
Its elimination would result in the saving of interest costs , heavy when short-term money rates are high , and in freedom from dependence on credit which is not always available when needed most . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
To have applied statewide the decisions of the two cases heard in Superior Court , in my opinion , would have placed us clearly out of compliance with the Wagner-Peyser Act and would have immediately opened the way for the Secretary of Labor , were he so inclined , to notify the Governor of such noncompliance , set a date for hearing , and issue his finding . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , if anything , worse on the old player (Filtered Words: 0)
You can wait , of course , until you arrive in Europe before renting your car . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] acted as moderator of the long debate on this issue . (Filtered Words: 1)
This problem is perhaps as old as social casework itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' The other important difference between the two Constitutions was that the President of the Confederacy held office for six ( instead of four ) years , and was limited to one term . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It doesn't hurt . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't turn it off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were the early departures ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Rio Grande KC is also considering having their Junior Classes set up so that Juniors can qualify with points for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , as we have seen , in later childhood the child begins to substitute the standards of the peer group for those of parents and teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radiopasteurization , which produces fewer adverse sensory changes in food products , has potential usefulness in prolonging the keeping qualities of fresh and refrigerated food items . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why '' , he went on , `` when [FILTERED] asked me if he could make his dive on this trip , I didn't think twice about it . (Filtered Words: 1)
How much fallout will we get ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
information on foreign and domestic import duties and regulations , licensing , investments , and establishing of branch representatives or plants abroad , and documentary requirements concerning export shipments and arrangements for payment . (Filtered Words: 0)
To me Lilly was a fine and lovely girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ah , you're too old '' , was invariably his ungallant and untrue retort whenever I suggested `` starting a family '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mortar was equipped with dummy shells and the recoilless rifle was deactivated . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would challenge sharply not the cult of the motor car itself but some of its ancillary beliefs and practices -- for instance , the doctrine that the fulfillment of life consists in proceeding from hither to yon , not for any advantage to be gained by arrival but merely to avoid the cardinal sin of stasis , or , as it is generally termed , staying put . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What did you mean by that rattlesnake gag ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] you know the news '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The fossilized remains of many of these trees are found embedded in the clay . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. John 10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There will be a pilgrimage to Mount Vernon at 2:30 p.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
He just hasn't developed them yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the meeting , there was going to be a party at someone's house . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was taken to a nearby Johnston physician , Dr. [FILTERED] , who treated him . (Filtered Words: 2)
Since his seizure , [FILTERED] had had little appetite ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
And like this English master , Mason realizes his subjects in large , simplified masses which , though they seem effortless , are in reality the result of skilled design born of hard work and a thorough distillation of the natural form that inspired them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the observers of the 1946 tsunami at Hilo was [FILTERED] of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography , one of the world's foremost marine geologists . (Filtered Words: 1)
Although his tender nights were not the ones I dreamed of , nor was it for yachts , sports cars , tall drinks , and swimming pools , nor yet for money or what money buys that I burned , I too was burning and watching myself burn . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third time rather urgently . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three were doubles , [FILTERED] getting a pair and Marv Breeding one . (Filtered Words: 1)
In many cities in the United States clinics associated with dental schools will take patients at a nominal fee . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a sort of academic ring-around-a-rosy and you solve it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It infuriated him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Time enough to give up his soul . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have taught him a lesson '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Endeavor to get the notches as much alike as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish I was younger and less timid . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can drop you back here to pick mine up '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They indicated that a 4-day retention , aerated lagoon would give 60 to 76 per cent BOD reduction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Designers and manufacturers have produced models for purchasers who run the gamut from a nautical version of the elderly Pasadena lady who never drove more than five miles an hour on her once-a-month ride around the block , to the sportiest boatman who insists on all the dash , color , flair and speed possible to encompass in a single boat . (Filtered Words: 0)
People appreciate experiences that demand something of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The little Ito girl had had to go home . (Filtered Words: 0)
His voice shook a little . (Filtered Words: 0)
the duplication of testimony and exhibits ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Long observation has taught Mason that most landscape can be reduced to three essential planes : a foreground in sharp focus -- either a light area with dark accents or a dark one with lights ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and a very large , flat wash brush . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Life '' points out that `` everybody uses this path '' , and starts to ride on . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have now a national character to establish '' , Washington wrote in 1783 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The large land areas required for oxidation ponds made this type of treatment financially unattractive to the developer . (Filtered Words: 0)
But for the beat generation all is sex . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish I were older or younger , [FILTERED] thought . (Filtered Words: 1)
The mare had backed away . (Filtered Words: 0)
That encourages rooting , and the better developed the roots , the larger and more plentiful the flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gyrocompass alignment is an automatic heading system which depends upon the characteristic of one gyro to establish true heading . (Filtered Words: 0)
Article 5 , consultation (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a thousand things to see to . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was a juicy one . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But you '' -- she began . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Emory could not continue to operate according to its present standards as an institution of higher learning , of true university grade , and meet its financial obligations , without the tax-exemption privileges which are available to it only so long as it conforms to the aforementioned constitutional and statutory provisions '' , the statement said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pilots would steer them in a suicide dive into the water , striking below the waterline of individual ships . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was an honor , like dining with a captain at his private table . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mama didn't know what to do -- whether to tell on [FILTERED] or not -- since she had the ear of Mrs. [FILTERED] more than the other maids . (Filtered Words: 2)
Change in pitchers . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told the committee the measure would merely provide means of enforcing the escheat law which has been on the books `` since Texas was a republic '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Those lovely whorls '' , he chortled . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the time he had been at college he had achieved a certain tranquility and composure by accepting the fact that there were certain things he could never know . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Can't hold her pure little han' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
One night on the Naktong River , [FILTERED] called on that fabled esprit de corps . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Georgia Legislature will wind up its 1961 session Monday and head for home -- where some of the highway bond money it approved will follow shortly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , we should say , on the contrary , that the accident of our later discovery made no difference whatever to the badness of the animal's pain , that it would have been every whit as bad whether a chance passer-by happened later to discover the body and feel repugnance or not . (Filtered Words: 0)
organization : (Filtered Words: 0)
The dogs were working a trail -- lion ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
After being located for some years in the Village at the Equinox Pharmacy under the supervision of Mrs. [FILTERED] , it is presently located in the Hill and [FILTERED] , Manchester Center . (Filtered Words: 2)
I went to my hotel and slept . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Didn't occur to me my child would be kidnaped when I had it listed '' , Andrus muttered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Union policies and collective bargaining issues (Filtered Words: 0)
One wart cure was to wrap it in a hair from a blonde gypsy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then was it a final desperate plea from her , to whom ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Campus broadcasting station (Filtered Words: 0)
At the University of Chicago she studied Whitman and Shelley , and became a Socialist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Seven Founders -- [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] -- determined the destinies of the new nation . (Filtered Words: 7)
In the preparation of the questionnaire the problems noted above were carefully considered , and the structure and phraseology used were designed to minimize the effects of these limitations . (Filtered Words: 0)
But surprisingly , Kitty's face came up and she said , `` My father . (Filtered Words: 0)
If she were not at home , Mama would see to it that a fresh white rose was there . (Filtered Words: 0)
At two that morning , he was still walking -- up and down [FILTERED] , up and down the veranda , up and down the silent , moonlit beach . (Filtered Words: 1)
In general , a high anode voltage reduces chromatic aberrations and thus increases the obtainable resolution . (Filtered Words: 0)
processing methods ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Still another denomination had 7,360,187 members twenty years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Potemkin's Army of Ekaterinoslav , totaling , it was claimed , 40,000 regular troops and 6,000 irregulars of the Cossack Corps , had invested Islam's principal stronghold on the north shore of the Black Sea , the fortress town of Oczakov , and was preparing to test the Turk by land and sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
Helva asked , politely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Barnard , who pleaded no defense to manslaughter and hit-run charges , was fined $500 by Judge [FILTERED] , and placed on two years' probation providing he does not drive during that time . (Filtered Words: 1)
Field shifts were derived from the mean value of the resonance line , defined as the field about which the first moment is zero . (Filtered Words: 0)
Earlier , this woman had been so filled with a chaotic variety of introjects that at times , when she was in her room alone , it would sound to a passerby as though there were several different persons in the room , as she would vocalize in various kinds of voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now start talking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several efforts were made in this direction , and though not all of them survive to this day , the Brown & Sharpe wire gage system was eventually adopted as the American standard and is still in common use today . (Filtered Words: 0)
They wanted to touch the mystery . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one had screamed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fairing is always a tedious job but the work can be cut down considerably with a Skill planer and a simple jig . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , few are taxed , and the owners and location of most boats are unknown to the assessors on the date of assessment of town valuations . (Filtered Words: 0)
I may be wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
Initially , the flagellated protozoa predominated , but they soon gave way to the free swimming ciliated protozoa . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had other topics of conversation , besides their news from courts and fairs , which were of interest to Othon , the builder of castles in Wales and churches in his native country . (Filtered Words: 0)
Freedom depends upon them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They will live in Corpus Christi . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also winning blue ribbons were [FILTERED] of Beaverton , [FILTERED] of Beaverton and [FILTERED] of Banks . (Filtered Words: 3)
A year later they were removed to a Stalag in the harbor of Stettin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing like the old days in the army , but I get by . (Filtered Words: 0)
The State Ballet of Rhode Island Week proclamation by [FILTERED] , Jr. , Governor (Filtered Words: 1)
The term `` State '' means the several States , the District of Columbia , the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In West Africa , for example , where meat is a luxury and babies must be weaned early to make room at the breast for later arrivals , a childhood menace is kwashiorkor , or `` Red Johnny '' , a growth-stunting protein deficiency ( signs : reddish hair , bloated belly ) that kills more than half its victims , leaves the rest prey for parasites and lingering tropical disease . (Filtered Words: 0)
The broad conclusions of that pioneering work remain undisturbed , but subsequent research has expanded and somewhat altered their empirical support , has suggested important revisions in the general analytic frame of reference , and has sharpened the meaning of particular analytic concepts in this area . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't think he ever got to drink any of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the kind of thing that could ruin a man's life , and it was a tribute to John's strength of character and very real business ability that it hadn't ruined his . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon they all were removed to Central Laboratory School where their delicate transformation began . (Filtered Words: 0)
This represents a gradual change in an ever-present social problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I told him someone had torn it out , he shouted . (Filtered Words: 0)
The station wagon came to a stop a couple of hundred feet in front of him , beside a fenced field . (Filtered Words: 0)
I turn finally to several theological developments . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She isn't , mister '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For what [FILTERED] life in this House teaches us is that loyalty and character are not divisive and there is no such thing as being for your country and neglecting your district . (Filtered Words: 1)
Otherwise , we go on endlessly trying to draw the line , color and other , as to which kind of man we wish to see dominate . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the day to canvass for infectious hepatitis . (Filtered Words: 0)
She : `` By subway or cab '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Refugees poured in , signing the Confession and rules in order to remain , and then disregarding them . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1945 he became conductor of the Buffalo Philharmonic . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had driven him into the arms of that scheming woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is however no point in speculating about such a possibility : the fact of the matter is that our institutions of higher learning owe their existence to a spirit not unlike that which produces the `` family business '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you are dreaming of a blue , shimmering pool right outside your living room windows , close your eyes firmly and fill in the picture with lots and lots of children , damp towels , squashed tubes of suntan oil and semi-inflated plastic toys . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , and as tension mounts in this world , fear is increasing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several years ago she married a Houston business man , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He considered himself handsome and seemed to think all the girls were after him . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a moment the hall confused him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has chosen [FILTERED]. 53 in Aj . (Filtered Words: 1)
Again , as [FILTERED] feels himself nearing death , a procession files into the hall singing a hymn , its modal harmonies adding a churchly touch to the grim atmosphere : The words are hardly calculated to put the Tsar's mind at ease . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's some dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All I have to do to set the record is to go on down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes she took the path that winds up around my cottage to the walk at the edge of the cliff . (Filtered Words: 0)
One looked forward to Mr. [FILTERED]'s ninth book if only because not even a reasonably good novel has yet been written grounded on automobile racing , as dramatic a sport as mankind has devised . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was like he was . (Filtered Words: 1)
Catholic priests have frequently appeared on television programs , sometimes discussing the Christian faith on an equal footing with Protestant clergymen . (Filtered Words: 0)
This dish much resembles the oysters Rockefeller made famous by Antoine's in New Orleans , though the Palace chef announced it as a variant of [FILTERED]'s roast oysters . (Filtered Words: 1)
Before the resin has hardened , screw a one-inch mahogany keel strip along the centerline . (Filtered Words: 0)
Man , how I love nigger pussy ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A note of awe came into his voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
How well can the site be developed ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But do the plays deal with the same facets of experience religion must also deal with ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The rancher grunted an acknowledgement but didn't move . (Filtered Words: 0)
Emotional characteristics (Filtered Words: 0)
The President is deeply concerned over this problem and its effect upon the `` vitality of the nation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Falling somewhere in a category between [FILTERED]'s theory and sand fleas -- difficult to see but undeniably there , nevertheless -- is the tropical green `` city '' of Islandia , a string of offshore islands that has almost no residents , limited access and an unlimited future . (Filtered Words: 1)
She would one day be grateful to the patient drone of the sub-conscious-level instruction . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he looked in the back , Mrs. [FILTERED] was marking keno cards . (Filtered Words: 1)
To know God he must follow in Papa's footsteps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Distribution of virus antigen (Filtered Words: 0)
Real bright along those lines , you might say . (Filtered Words: 0)
He paced slowly , stooping , staring at the damp , slippery floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sat down on the bench near [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
In all the respects just indicated Utopian communism differs from previous conceptions in which community of possessions and living plays a role . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had the unspoken support of President-elect [FILTERED] , whose own legislative program was menaced by the Rules Committee bottleneck . (Filtered Words: 1)
another man lugged the tripod and a box of ammunition . (Filtered Words: 0)
More likely , you simply told yourself , as you handed us the book , that it mattered little what we incanted providing we underwent the discipline of incantation . (Filtered Words: 0)
What concerns him much more is the relationship of diet to the nation's No. 1 killer : coronary artery disease , which accounts for more than half of all heart fatalities and kills 500,000 Americans a year -- twice the toll from all varieties of cancer , five times the deaths from automobile accidents . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` -- second building on the right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although we continue to pay our conversational devotions to `` free private enterprise '' , `` individual initiative '' , `` the democratic way '' , `` government of the people '' , `` competition of the marketplace '' , etc. , we live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas , bureaucracy is corroding representative government , technology is weakening the citizen's confidence in his own power to make decisions , and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the ground '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the greatest obstacles to the achievement of this goal is the lack of trained men and women with the skill to teach the young and assist in the operation of development projects -- men and women with the capacity to cope with the demands of swiftly evolving economics , and with the dedication to put that capacity to work in the villages , the mountains , the towns and the factories of dozens of struggling nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each was her mother's assistant and confidante ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What is the trick '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the Mexicans not only refused to give them , but told the possemen if they wanted a fight they could have it . (Filtered Words: 0)
their total passing yardage in three games , 447 on 30 completions in 56 attempts , is only 22 yards short of their total passing yardage in 1959 , when they made 469 on 37 completions in 86 tries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Travelers Indemnity Co. and the Continental Casualty Co. . (Filtered Words: 0)
That cold frame was my morale builder ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. March , like [FILTERED] , was a clergyman , although of an indeterminate denomination ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He had talked one other member of the group to stay with him , but that friend had tired of not eating regularly and returned to Savannah . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have come to your land with the express intention of understanding and respecting your ideas and your ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , there lies your answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today the [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] governments are adamantly hostile to the West , are dependent for their military power on Soviet equipment and personnel ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
it also contains nearly all the mass , and the atomic energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Image intensifiers based upon the multipactor principle appear to hold promise as far as obtainable resolution is concerned . (Filtered Words: 0)
They will seek to eliminate conflict in their international economic policies and will encourage economic collaboration between any and all of them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] a 2'' '' or 3'' '' piece of 1/8'' '' dia. drill rod in a drill press or electric hand tool . (Filtered Words: 1)
) Roll white clay to 3/16'' '' thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
By then [FILTERED] could see for himself , and so could the others . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hengesbach has been living in Grand Ledge since his house and barn were burned down after his release in 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bureau contributed to the planning and success of the Symposium through the efforts of Mr. [FILTERED] , General Chairman , and Dr. [FILTERED] , Program Chairman . (Filtered Words: 2)
By their pattern of endogamy and exogamy , the core families and the marginal families show distinct limits to the intergroup contact they maintain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] had been given sixteen names , a bundle of literature , and a printed book of receipts . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ideally , the President would like the French to agree on a `` status quo ante '' on [FILTERED] , and accept a new timetable for withdrawing their forces from the Mediterranean base . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Perhaps not in so many words '' , the German said . (Filtered Words: 0)
In either case , they do not appreciate the private detective's zeal . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is they who read -- and make -- Jewish best-sellers and then persuade their husbands to read them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Data on the decline of property values in an area after a new racial group enters it has to be assessed in terms of the trends in property values before the group comes in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although they have also been concerned to stand squarely within the tradition of the apostolic church , they have exhibited no willingness whatever to sacrifice their modernity to their Christianity . (Filtered Words: 0)
What sets Negro-appeal programing apart from other radio shows ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , O'Connor was honoured during the ceremony with the presentation of a $2500 diamond stickpin . (Filtered Words: 0)
but this one was not nearly as long . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't know what was so tough about [FILTERED]'s world , slopping around Nassau with what's-his-name . (Filtered Words: 1)
Where I go , she goes -- and the kids with us . (Filtered Words: 0)
The closet was faintly fragrant with lavender , and as [FILTERED] shut the door an unhappy memory slipped into her mind , like a lavender ghost : [FILTERED]'s house , on the day he was buried , and the child , pale , silent , baffled , watching the funeral guests with panicky eyes . (Filtered Words: 2)
Yet your editorial said : `` Now the Attorney General writes that no considerations ' justify any loss of revenue of this proportion ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For further information , contact SBA Regional Offices in Atlanta , Ga. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The guy is off his rocker , Haney thought to himself , and looked away from those eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
A team for useful research . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case `` here in their judgment conditions require '' ( italics added ) they would `` form interim governmental authorities broadly representative of all democratic elements in the population and pledged to the earliest possible establishment through free elections of governments responsive to the will of the people '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this date , it seems probable that the name of [FILTERED] will appear in the archives of History , as an effective Traditionalist , who was fully aware of the lure and danger of experimentation , and used it as it served his purpose ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
An equally promising avenue toward Atlantic community may lie through the development and expansion of the O.E.C.D. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There is no story '' , he piped tremulously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jewish identity was often confused with social and economic strivings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under this law annual grants are given to systems in substantial amounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radiopasteurization , which produces fewer adverse sensory changes in food products , has potential usefulness in prolonging the keeping qualities of fresh and refrigerated food items . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a reviewer , [FILTERED] generally displayed a judicious attitude . (Filtered Words: 1)
This will cut the expense of vacation replacements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lighting my pipe , I took a walk . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , as `` in-group '' , they might have different opinions and practices than an `` out-group '' composed of those companies not so participating but interested in defense business . (Filtered Words: 0)
An equally promising avenue toward Atlantic community may lie through the development and expansion of the O.E.C.D. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Infrequently do we think of it as a living , continuing , operating control over the system . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he reached the dip in the woods , he saw that already the earlier ruts were barely discernible . (Filtered Words: 0)
It depresses them . (Filtered Words: 0)
With this purified conjugate the best staining procedure consisted of treating the sections with 1 : 10 dilution of Af for 30 minutes , washing with PBS for 15 minutes , staining with Af for 30 minutes , and washing with PBS for 15 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We are back with the ' Met ' again now that the ' Met ' is back in Chicago '' , bulletins Mrs. [FILTERED] , president of the women's board of the University of Chicago Cancer Research Foundation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Greg pushed the radio button on his throttle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now she must be thinking of a boy-name , something special . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't just the pressure of work , although that was the excuse I often used , even to myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a sailing date of March , 1845 was finally established , Palfrey made sure that the Negroes would have comfortable quarters in New Orleans and aboard ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Swine showmanship championship went to Bob Day , with [FILTERED] and Hutchins winning other blues . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hands-off the economy was replaced by conscious guidance through planning -- the economic side of the constitutional revolution . (Filtered Words: 0)
The differences between onset age and completion age with respect to the corresponding mean age have been brought into juxtaposition by means of a series of arrows . (Filtered Words: 0)
We all believe that toward acts or effects of a certain kind one attitude is fitting and another not ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The study of the St. Louis area's economic prospects prepared for the Construction Industry Joint Conference confirms and reinforces both the findings of the Metropolitan St. Louis Survey of 1957 and the easily observed picture of the Missouri-Illinois countryside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washing is continued for 30 minutes or for a period of time sufficient to allow 100 nips or passes through the squeeze rolls . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wanted the police to notice him , suspect him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It pays in the long ( hot ) run to take good care of the water works . (Filtered Words: 0)
I admire the English lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet whistled softly as he looked at the gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was determined to spend an industrious summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a marked tendency for religions , once firmly established , to resist change , not only in their own doctrines and policies and practices , but also in secular affairs having religious relevance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Providence Sunday Journal article ( Jan. 29 ) asking whether American taxpayers are being victimized by a gigantic giveaway to pay for the care of war veterans who have non-service-connected disabilities sounds as though The Providence Journal is desperate for news . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took a short swallow from it myself and handed it to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
To others whose concern it is to penetrate the significance of Christian Humanism , the Renaissance elements are of primary concern . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not to you '' , she said smiling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like the ones you will see now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He enjoyed the killing . (Filtered Words: 0)
What '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And these hardy travelers are not unappreciated today . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was -- as he told himself in the vernacular of a trade no longer his own -- riding the dark train out . (Filtered Words: 0)
While obliged to concede governments in East Europe allied with the Soviet Union instead of opposed to it , we thought we had preserved our social and economic system in East Europe . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a theologian in the group pointed out , a professional was , before the modern period of technical specialization , one who `` professed '' to be a bearer and critic of his culture in the use of his particular skills . (Filtered Words: 0)
Henrietta nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew better . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now it was nine years later , and it wasn't spring but winter when I returned . (Filtered Words: 0)
others were building . (Filtered Words: 0)
Springing like a cat , he leaped back , swooped up the spring gun and , whirling , pointed it toward the cabin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Escalation is their first love and their last ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has been named manager . (Filtered Words: 1)
They were married at a lavish ceremony which was duly recorded in Parvenu and all other magazines and newspapers , and then they honeymooned in Bermuda . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proof . (Filtered Words: 0)
We want to know when the [FILTERED] telephone exactly how many they are planning to bring , so that we won't end up with a splashing mob that looks like Coney Island in August . (Filtered Words: 1)
I didn't know a human could feed so fast and still be beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Using a portable grill permits you to toast the buns , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
What does the general business outlook suggest about the trend of long-term rates in 1961 ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He stooped , picked up his ruined hat , and pursed his lips thoughtfully . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's the King . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact all of our civilized world is the resultant of man's projection of his imagination over the past 60 centuries or more . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' At Veterans Memorial Auditorium . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You don't believe that autistic children become autistic because of something that happens to them or because of the way their mother treats them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Start on rapid transit (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll travel 50 feet or more when thrown from the spring trap but it's almost impossible to break one after it passes the 35-foot mark . (Filtered Words: 0)
He heard the patient voice calling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapter fourteen (Filtered Words: 0)
This second conclusion , independently arrived at by independent study of material from two pairs of language families as different and remote from one another as these four are , cannot be ignored . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's she doing in this bunch '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
or who undertook to set records for remaining erect on a dance floor , with or without a partner ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Ballets were used in opera from its beginning . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smelled of peppermints . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through the splash of the rising waters , they could hear the roar of the river as it raged through its canyon , gnashing big chunks out of the banks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simple hole drilling operations (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually it would be more accurate to say that the leader of the alliance now has swung fully behind the British policy of seeking to achieve a neutral Laos via the international bargaining table . (Filtered Words: 0)
The system of indicating gender varied according to tense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Erikson has noted that , unless this trust developed early , the time ambivalence experienced , in varying degree and temporarily , by all adolescents ( as a result of their remembering the more immediate gratification of wants during childhood , while not yet having fully accepted the long-range planning required by adulthood ) may develop into a more permanent sense of time diffusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not tonight , at any rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cast : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Standard deal , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The tax bill will be up for reconsideration Wednesday in the House when the Legislature reconvenes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , it seems that only in today's Southern fiction does Tobacco Road , with all the traditional trimmings of sowbelly and cornbread and mint juleps , continue to live -- but only as a weary , overexploited phantom . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had known him for some years , when I was a delegate and before , and this manner had never been his '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was obvious that to match [FILTERED] , white must be mixed with all but the darkest tones . (Filtered Words: 1)
Within its limits , this arrangement had the actual or potential characteristics of a cross-licensing agreement . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] arrived in [FILTERED] , a port on the Adriatic , on November 28th , making for [FILTERED] , which , as the name indicates , was the ancient city's new and modern harbor . (Filtered Words: 3)
This arrangement was for Copernicus literally monstrous : `` With ( the Ptolemaists ) it is as though an artist were to gather the hands , feet , head and other members for his images from divers models , each part excellently drawn , but not related to a single body ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hearst hopped into a private railroad car with [FILTERED] and made an arduous personal canvass for delegates in the western and southern states , always wearing a frock coat , listening intently to local politicians , and generally making a good impression . (Filtered Words: 1)
Several of the movements were given a marked impetus by revivalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something was needed to revive interest ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The O atoms in each sheet are close packed and each [FILTERED] atom is surrounded by a distorted octahedron of O atoms . (Filtered Words: 1)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , it sounds great '' , I said , `` but suppose you don't think of yourself as an impressionist painter '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The maid then told her , `` Because he fired me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The good feeling which exists between these two important church figures is now well known in England . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thereafter he was classified 1-o . (Filtered Words: 0)
They could walk , ride on a bus or be driven . (Filtered Words: 0)
Female individuals of Psithyrus look deceptively like the workers and queens of the bumblebees they victimize . (Filtered Words: 0)
You need answers to four important questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The formula for computing random addresses from the form of each occurrence will not give a distinct address for each distinct form . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through the World Bank and other instrumentalities , as well as through individual action by every nation in position to help , we must squarely face this titanic challenge . (Filtered Words: 0)
The universe is a safe and permanent home . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Newport-based destroyer picket escort Kretchmer has arrived back at Newport after three months' patrol in North Atlantic waters marked by mercy jobs afloat and ashore . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most inscrutable embassies are the Arabs' , and the most inscrutable of the Arabs are the Saudi Arabians . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nick sensed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
His chief discovery was important -- the Great North ( later , the Hudson ) River -- but it produced no northwest passage . (Filtered Words: 0)
The chain starts at BMEWS ( Ballistic Missile Early Warning System ) in Thule , Greenland . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stock design is excellent , and this model is a good first gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
I myself had been up there by seven o'clock , after mushrooms , since there'd been a week of rain which had stopped early that morning and the day was as clear as Sandwich glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the beginning of his career , Patchen has adopted an anti-intellectual approach to poetry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently the population as a whole eventually acquires enough confidence in the explanations of the scientists to modify its procedures and its fears . (Filtered Words: 0)
He heard the patient voice calling . (Filtered Words: 0)
When winter comes be ready with additional mulch . (Filtered Words: 0)
They watched the tree until it twisted sharply on a bend . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the line of operatic trades to cushion the budget , the Dallas Civic Opera will use San Francisco's new Leni Bauer-Ecsy production of `` Lucia Di Lammermoor '' this season , returning the favor next season when San Francisco uses the Dallas `` Don Giovanni '' , designed by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Two minutes later it came again -- a double explosion , followed by a third , sounding more distant . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a question-and-answer gag that went around at that time : Q. `` Who'll carry the Forty-second and Forty-third wards '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The African rock python , a close second , is followed in turn by the reticulate python . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes soldiers wrote letters while bullets were whizzing about their heads . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her statement was a hope , not a truth in which they could believe . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was my fault '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The data have not yet been analyzed for diurnal variations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such high-resolution observations as these are needed at several wave lengths in order that the radio emission of the moon can be properly interpreted . (Filtered Words: 0)
The little Ito girl had had to go home . (Filtered Words: 0)
It didn't seem to tell her anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
The periods of high effluent BOD occurred during cold periods when operational problems with the aerator resulted . (Filtered Words: 0)
He will need the help of all OAS members to eradicate , finally , the forces of authoritarianism , pro-Trujillo and [FILTERED] alike . (Filtered Words: 1)
7-6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
if [FILTERED] agreed , they would get a car and tour the country , visiting every kind of industrial center . (Filtered Words: 1)
This brown is sometimes so rich in medium as to appear to be oil paint . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose we were cold , but we didn't feel it . (Filtered Words: 0)
All for $14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
British subsidiary (Filtered Words: 0)
The vulture-like attendance of the Pocket family upon Miss [FILTERED] is summed up in the hypocritical gestures of Miss [FILTERED] , who puts her hand to her throat in a feigned spasm of grief-stricken choking , then lays it `` upon her heaving bosom '' with `` an unnatural fortitude of manner '' , and finally kisses it to Miss [FILTERED] in a parody of the lady's own mannerism toward Estella . (Filtered Words: 3)
The English lady really wanted to put a wreath on the [FILTERED] monument on the 30th of April . (Filtered Words: 1)
She can decrease the number of temptations . (Filtered Words: 0)
he went to the window and choked there with the fresh breeze on his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
One is always a little surprised to bump into such individual distinctions when it is unexpected . (Filtered Words: 0)
out of the race (Filtered Words: 0)
But simple involvement is not enough ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of course , I agree with the Captain '' , Gansevoort said thoughtfully , `` but the conspiracy is ferocious and desperate . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spoke to me in a gruff voice , an affectation which quite belied his personality . (Filtered Words: 0)
In its present artless , low-budget form , the subject matter seems designed to invite censorial wrath . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a killer sub -- that is , a hunter of enemy subs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The German's words worked on the newspaperman like a reprieve from an odious duty . (Filtered Words: 0)
the weather had turned wet and cold . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
The commission had issued an administrative order which was challenged as discriminatory against Negroes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The solution , naturally , is the bus . (Filtered Words: 0)
he had . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Overt socialism means government ownership and management of a nation's main industries . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have ample light when the sun sets ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Later on this problem vanished , and the `` Flower Song '' from Bizet's `` Carmen '' was beautifully and intelligently projected . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know how gossip of that sort spreads through an apartment building '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hydraulic '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Crystal data (Filtered Words: 0)
A conscientious girl became the secretary of a doctor . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was fortunate , and proud . (Filtered Words: 0)
And `` What time did the [FILTERED] go to the dentist ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Beckworth left the tent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drawers and cabinets in two bedrooms and a sewing room were ransacked . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Judge [FILTERED] , senior member of the Court , is an elderly gentleman who lives at the nearby Metropolitan Club and desires to walk to work . (Filtered Words: 1)
and to utilize opportunities , arising in connection with regular classroom activities , for gaining a better understanding of his pupils . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if we closed the store for a vacation , we would lose our customers to the chain stores in the next block . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , to find Af , one needs the intersection of C and Af near Q . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a slight lapse condition , a moderate fog , and 100 per cent relative humidity . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hung around New York , waiting to hear whether they would accept it for production and in that time came down to Asheville and also paid a short visit to Chapel Hill , where with almost childish delight he visited old friends and favorite campus spots . (Filtered Words: 0)
This brings us to the question of accreditation of art schools in general . (Filtered Words: 0)
That helped a lot . (Filtered Words: 0)
special equipment required for registering respiration and for recording the contraction of smooth muscles under various conditions was developed by the Instruments Section ( Victor Jackman , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
It all takes place in the eighteenth century . (Filtered Words: 0)
Peace Corps volunteers obviously should not be paid what they might earn in comparable activities in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
The continuity of the project is suggested by plans for an eventual third edition . (Filtered Words: 0)
They felt rough and kind and warm . (Filtered Words: 0)
C (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was the wrong woman for these crudities . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Flip '' Phillips for a return engagement at Fireside Steak Ranch Wednesday ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He stopped and whispered his errand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of wanting to sock the poor bastard I found myself having a fellowfeeling for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
When air travel was in its infancy , the sky was considered big enough and high enough for all . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You know who the other man was '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These positions carry such titles as : (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , it's important to the way a painter thinks that he should move in a certain atmosphere , an atmosphere in which he may absorb the ideas of other masters , as Durer went to Italy to meet Bellini and [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He lost all sense of dignity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet even then we did nothing much but talk , and maybe neck a little . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men crying love poems in an orchard on any summer's night are as often as not the lutihaw , mustachioed toughs who spend most of their lives in and out of the local prisons , brothels , and teahouses . (Filtered Words: 0)
The air hose was free ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Other items on the agenda during the meetings , which are expected to continue through Saturday , concern television , rules changes , professional football's hall of fame , players' benefits and constitutional amendments . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the newspapers he talked about his unquiet life , about his wish to be a newspaperman once more , about the prevalence of American slang in British speech , about the loquacity of the English and the impossibility of finding quiet in a railway carriage , about his plans to wander for two years `` unless stopped and made to write another book '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This filly is a much better individual than either of her full-sisters , [FILTERED] and Cerise -- more scale and much better underpinning . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was at my first Communion . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt good . (Filtered Words: 0)
An uncompromising belief in the moral law has the advantage of making religion natural , even as physical law is natural . (Filtered Words: 0)
( This is shown in the afternoon and on Sunday morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
A short report and a good one (Filtered Words: 0)
What had happened to the common man ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This is much smaller than the highest resolution of even the very large reflectors now under construction , and consequently the radio emission of different regions of the disk cannot be resolved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Appeals were heard for two days two weeks ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
The things a man will do for a woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their friends and ours are welcome to share the pool , but on our terms and at our times . (Filtered Words: 0)
Griffin's Rural Roads Authority and Byrd's 60,000 miles of county contracts would look like pauper's oaths . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ultimately Fosdick's `` Fit to fight '' slogan swept across the country and every well-known red-light district in the United States was closed , a hundred and ten of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
But things were worked out in the family and late in August he wrote Miss McCrady an explanatory letter in which he told her that matters at home had been in an unsettled condition after Papa's death and he had not known whether he would stay at home with Mama , accept the Northwestern job , or return to Harvard . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a normal governmental procedure which reflects more accurately cost-accounting principles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bare feet are better for such work than any form of slipper . (Filtered Words: 0)
The career of Eichmann made the Trial a potential showcase for anti-Semitic demoralization : fearful of being mistaken for a Jew , he seeks protection in his Nazi uniform ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was asked if he had ever visited a house of prostitution , or a `` beatnik parlor or teahouse '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
a typical cantonment in the North had twelve hundred buildings , an electric-sewer-water system , and twenty-five miles of roads . (Filtered Words: 0)
Time stands still as you climb the narrow , stone stairways in tiny villages clinging to steep mountain slopes or wander through story-book towns , perched atop lofty crags , their faces turned to the sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was my nephew , my brother's son , handsome and warm and newly-scrubbed , with happiness upon his face and his face resembled my brother's and mine as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maggie laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He looks as feminine as you can imagine '' , she decided . (Filtered Words: 0)
synchrony prevails in the EEG of the experimental animal after administration of tranquilizers , but asynchrony after application of analeptic and psychoactive drugs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , an apportionment , say , of $5,000,000 of the total costs to residential service as a class would include an allowance of perhaps 6 per cent as the cost of whatever capital is deemed to have been devoted to the service of the residential consumers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third column gives the optimal policy , but we must wait to see the outcome of stage R and enter the preceding section of the table at this state . (Filtered Words: 0)
Space charge influences will also decrease at increased voltages . (Filtered Words: 0)
They have also led the nation in the direction of a welfare state . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not now '' , Wilson said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vocational education (Filtered Words: 0)
Some chaps that know an area well can make their way by landmarks , a tree here , a wash here , a boulder there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Side fences were hidden beneath lilacs and hundred-leaf roses ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] wrote The Holy Sinner in 1951 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Among them were a number of newsmen , including [FILTERED] , of United Press International , and [FILTERED] , of Associated Press . (Filtered Words: 2)
I think I'm right in that figure . (Filtered Words: 0)
A voice drifted in to me above the patter of the rain shortly after I had fallen into a fitful sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drop both hands to the floor and at the same time kick the right foot up in back . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Marsh called to his aide and the pair rode off down the River Road where the gentians burned blue , [FILTERED] was shaken and trying not to cry . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I've been fixing up the guest room for [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
President [FILTERED] will meet with Soviet Premier [FILTERED] in Vienna June 3 and 4 . (Filtered Words: 2)
There are of course many Souths ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Ethics and peace (Filtered Words: 0)
But , of course , he remembered now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rifle fire often kept the opposing gunners from manning their pieces . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can unscrew this tube and replace it with a smoothbore insert for use with (Filtered Words: 0)
Soignee pools , alas , do not just happen . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] must have wheedled a little out of Precious . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Well '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] head came up like that of the proverbial fire horse . (Filtered Words: 1)
Or what was it that , before Via , Sonny , Walter and all , I began almost to dance with shuddering and cry out , `` I knew she'd do it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Show spotlights the Kings -- [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , flanked by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 6)
Parichy-Hamm (Filtered Words: 0)
The address of the first cell and the number of cells used is written in the information cell for the form . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your way doesn't seem to be so darned important any more . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would to me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it seemed not from what they were saying . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the law of the land is not irrevocable ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He commanded from his raw throat , and felt the pain of movement in his cracked , black burned lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] bought Zenith Plastic Products , a skeleton corporation of sorts which had undergone many vicissitudes and whose principal assets were a couple of electronics plants on Long Island engaged in working out government contracts , and installed [FILTERED] in an executive position . (Filtered Words: 2)
The low clouds made bombing difficult . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not only a compliment to Mijbil , of whom there are a fine series of photographs and drawings in the book , but to the author who has catalogued the saga of a frightened otter cub's journey by plane from Iraq to London , then by train ( where he lay curled in the wash basin playing with the water tap ) to Camusfearna , with affectionate detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
While it is easy enough to ridicule [FILTERED]' pronouncement in Pleas Of The Crown from a metaphysical point of view , the concept of the `` oneness '' of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] did find the missing checks and money afterward , and the drive was actually oversubscribed , which was a real bit of luck for the missionaries . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] ( [FILTERED] ) 2:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
One such event is the landing in Europe itself , when the mingled familiarity and strangeness of the Occident , after the blank immensities of Asia , shocks the returning traveller into a realization of the infinite possibilities of human life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somewhat similar investigations have been made by medical officers in other areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
But today we were aware of only two men . (Filtered Words: 0)
Marlin has made two contributions to the harvest of new offerings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] , Director of Research at the Parapsychology Foundation , described the basis for the experiment in a tomorrow article , ( `` New Research On Survival After Death '' , Spring 1958 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
it responds exceptionally well to captivity and does not reach proportions that make it hard to keep . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] Ring Of Bright Water has widened to enchant the world . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rousseau agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was a real experience ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How many is that , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` That's a fact , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
France and other Western European nations likewise fear a rearmed Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the extent , then , that declining U.S. prestige means that other nations will be tempted to place their bets on an ultimate American defeat , and will thus be more vulnerable to Soviet intimidation , there is reason for concern . (Filtered Words: 0)
Back in her living quarters at the hospital she took bicarbonate of soda , and sulked . (Filtered Words: 0)
That theme cuts through hypocrisies , complacency and double-talk . (Filtered Words: 0)
You might say we are in the nation-building business '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Further , it should be recalled that some very definite steps were taken by Congress to combat corruption in the labor movement by its passage of the Landrum-Griffin Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
The methods and results of this comparative analysis are described in [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
With the second murder over , he could have left , hidden the weapon in some vacant lot or an abandoned cistern in the neighborhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sen. [FILTERED] , has received a nice `` thank you '' note from a youngster he appointed to the Air Force Academy in Colorado . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was nothing he could do but walk . (Filtered Words: 0)
She's the one who decides which wedding is to get the lead space in the Sunday paper and all that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both [FILTERED] and Homer may in spirit be contemplating `` bust '' of the old-fashioned American dollar . (Filtered Words: 1)
We all know what the dummies will do '' -- he gestured at the hummocks in which the decorticated men were cradled -- `` and we all know what the new people will ask . (Filtered Words: 0)
A moment's reflection shows that the above algorithm and presentation work equally well in this case . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Inquisitor-General of the Spanish Inquisition , put many persons to death . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] had never seen so much money . (Filtered Words: 1)
We have far less to fear in the migrant family than we have in the migrant developer under these conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she cleans it up very well when I remind her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
they make one inefficient three-men-and-a-helper team . (Filtered Words: 0)
occlusion is the dentist's expression for the way teeth fit together when the jaws are closed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The credit requirements stipulate that the applicant must have the ability to operate the business successfully and have enough capital in the business so that , with loan assistance from the SBA , it will be able to operate on a sound financial basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Counsel for the defense , however , shrewdly allowing himself to be swept by the current of dreadful recollections , rarely raised an objection . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kind Mr. [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
The SCR process , with its precision corner-posts , its precision guide lines , its working level scaffold , and its hand-level brick supply takes eight manhours to get set , but once ready it makes it easy for bricklayers to lay a thousand bricks a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A lousy job '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Tenderly and rather tediously , the camera rivets on the abrupt , deep love of a pretty nurse and a uniformed teacher , complicated by nothing more than a friend they don't want to hurt . (Filtered Words: 0)
For both economic and political reasons all segments of the population must be able to share in the growth of a country . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , I am recommending that development work on the B-70 air-frame and engines be continued . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same standards for admission , for eligibility to receive scholarships or grants-in-aid , and for scholastic performance at college apply to all students . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Your voice is delightful '' , he approved with a warm smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Zenith absorbed Allstates , stock transfers were arranged , and [FILTERED] became president of the hyphenated combination . (Filtered Words: 1)
From the evidence `` it may be conjectured that core - core marriages are the preferred unions for core males and females ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now wait a minute , she told herself , think about it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
By and large their programs are satisfactorily connected both to the employment situation and to the realities of the apprentice system . (Filtered Words: 0)
As symptomatic of the common man's malaise , he is most significant : a liberal and a Catholic , elected by the skin of his teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
he did not let her choose her own food . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interfaith conflicts which spring from psychological deficiencies are the most unfortunate of all , for they have no redeeming features whatsoever . (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't stop killing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made a point of frowning , of acting out the part of the fond father-confessor . (Filtered Words: 0)
His hubris , deficiency of taste , and sadism carried him straightaway to the top . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You wouldn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This publication covers the old literature ( Groth ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then somebody else ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The ten or more dangerous parties singled out for prosecution were still at large , and Pels realized that if these men entrenched themselves in their adobe houses , defending themselves through loopholes , it would be most difficult to capture them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Employes of Pawtucket's garbage and rubbish collection contractor picketed the firm's incinerator site yesterday in the second day of a strike for improved wages and working conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this statement is completely unconvincing . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll probably get a ball bat on the head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , in certain respects , there are norms common to colleges and universities across the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
For two hours they drove her from one strong point to another along the side of the Reef , trying to maneuver her onto the plain where they could get a good throw . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asks research funds (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
He paused on the landing to steady his breathing and then bent to examine the single door by the light of the weak bulb overhead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place jar on plaster board with lid in place to dry slowly . (Filtered Words: 0)
If desired , sprinkle with 1 teaspoon drained crushed pineapple . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fixed window panels with louvers should have a good grade of 1/8-inch double-strength glass set in a mastic glazing compound . (Filtered Words: 0)
In my experience , a great many of the patient's more puzzling verbal communications are so for the reason that concrete meanings have not become differentiated from figurative meanings in his subjective experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had watched [FILTERED] handling his enemies before the paredon . (Filtered Words: 1)
Against the dramatic fight being waged for preservation of 30 miles of Cape Cod shoreline , the tiny tract at Stone Harbor may seem unimportant . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least a dozen men , some armed , are never far away from him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Debate on the all-important foreign-aid bill , with its controversial long-range proposals , had just begun on the Senate floor at the weekend . (Filtered Words: 0)
He smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
All this went through [FILTERED]'s mind in the first instant , but what held his interest was the fact that these two should be together at all . (Filtered Words: 1)
As an added suggestion to balance the budget , the Government could sell advertising space on the Washington Monument . (Filtered Words: 0)
Warren tried to shake off the jumble of his fears by looking at the sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had been sitting close to her , touching her actually , and holding her hand from time to time , but it seemed at once that Howard sat much closer . (Filtered Words: 1)
That should do it , he thought , because [FILTERED] had said she was going to be strict about school work . (Filtered Words: 1)
Younger son calls police (Filtered Words: 0)
Measured performance characteristics for this experimental tube will be listed . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the forward slope in front of his own post stretched two rows of barbed wire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mantle , the bull-necked blond switch-hitter , had one sensational triple-crown season , 1959 , when he batted and also led the American League in home runs , 52 , and rbi's , 130 . (Filtered Words: 0)
flux gain of a single stage (Filtered Words: 0)
Bedridden people say I am easy to hold -- and read . (Filtered Words: 0)
before it was sprawled the mangled corpse of the bearded stranger . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I got a bone to pick with you , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
For a neutral Germany (Filtered Words: 0)
Where the microscope under visible light may show only vague shadows or nothing at all , ultraviolet illumination and subsequent translation into a color TV picture reveal a wealth of detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reason and the day of `` grandfather clauses '' has long since passed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aubrey's mention of it ( 2:67 , and Bodleian MS Aubr. 8 , F. 63 ) comes from this prolusion , through [FILTERED] or [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
So Dartmouth is moving closer to the others in the Ivy group . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cold , mysterious presence of God was all around him . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , 2 , 2:06 looked great in 2:22 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He would order her to bring coffee , and would take from his vest pocket a thin black pipe which he would stuff -- he would not remove his gloves -- and light and smoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's what was on my mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
The antithesis of the ecumenical and the local then no longer exists . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was denoted by Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Captain [FILTERED] of Salem had visited Burma in 1793 his ship , the Astra , had been promptly commandeered and taken by her captors up the Irrawaddy River . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` That's a horrible thing to accuse her of '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
One reason for the unique vitality of the chorus is its great variety in expression . (Filtered Words: 0)
The issue was left in abeyance , presumably for the peace conference . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exploratory mood (Filtered Words: 0)
It came from the top of the Reef not half a mile away . (Filtered Words: 0)
You were careful about that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the look of him he wasn't that far gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Better make up your mind , son '' , Sabella said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He enjoyed the killing . (Filtered Words: 0)
its principal features should be a product of his most considered judgment . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Go back to sleep most likely '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , sir '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great spire shone as if the lightning had polished it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I said go home , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But at the coroner's inquest [FILTERED] told a forthright story . (Filtered Words: 1)
When informed that there were some persons who did not have their arm go up , she commented , `` I don't see how they can prevent it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Warsaw ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
While he talked you wouldn't trade being a West Tennessee farmer for being anything else in the whole damned world , no matter if it hadn't , in six weeks , rained enough to wet a rat's ass . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be superfluous to build a critique around them . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , age 14 , from Baltimore , Md. , showing a [FILTERED] , was 3rd . (Filtered Words: 2)
-- What does 1961 offer in political and governmental developments in Mississippi ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
At this moment Mando came hurrying up to announce that the problem was solved and all Norton had to do was to sign a sheaf of papers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Has the agrarian tradition become such an addiction that the switch to urbanism is somehow dreaded or unwanted ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In order to attain the goal of group solidarity and to relieve tension , the high fertility rate provides more group members for mate selection , and the clustering of members in groups fosters acceptance of group controls . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Laos , the administration looked at the [FILTERED] administration efforts to show determination by sailing a naval fleet into Southeast Asian waters as a useless gesture . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s skilled eye sized them up . (Filtered Words: 1)
I turned around with the percolator in my hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
inculcated with the primacy of group acceptance and group standards ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can't say yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought it was sometime during the second week she worked for Stanley . (Filtered Words: 0)
Caldwell's resignation had been expected for some time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence , a successor corporation in a C reorganization appears entitled to sue for a refund of taxes paid by the merged corporation despite section 203 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now there is nothing wrong with complicated wallpaper . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a little more authentic than usual because he smelled slightly of the stables . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first rattle of the machine guns , at 7:10 in the evening , roused around me the varied voices and faces of fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Donna ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In the hard life of politics it is well known that no platform nor any program advanced by either major American party has any purpose beyond expressing emotion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet , in spite of this , intensive study of the taped interviews by teams of psychotherapists and linguists laid bare the surprising fact that , in the first five minutes of an initial interview , the patient often reveals as many as a dozen times just what's wrong with him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As with the penultimate [FILTERED] release ( Wolff's abridgment for RCA Victor ) I find the cleaner , less razor-edged monophonic version , for all its lack of big-stage spaciousness , the more aurally tolerable -- but this may be the result of processing defects in my SD copies . (Filtered Words: 1)
About the same time the Alleghenies and Poconos in Pennsylvania are magnificent -- Renovo holds its annual Flaming Foliage Festival on Oct. 14 , 15 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first stage of operation has centered on the literature imaging of critical or summarizing tabulations such as the Barker Index . (Filtered Words: 0)
As used in this Act , the term ' saline water ' includes sea water , brackish water , and other mineralized or chemically charged water , and the term ' United States ' extends to and includes the District of Columbia , the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico , and the territories and possessions of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ideal storage temperature for long periods is about fifty-five degrees , with an allowable range of five degrees above or below this , provided there are no sudden or frequent changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The positivist tells us that when we say this we are only expressing our present emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
as if the coating of sweat , dirt , and ashes were a cosmetic . (Filtered Words: 0)
The important result , however , was that Juet and [FILTERED] , the deposed boatswain , became Hudson's sworn enemies . (Filtered Words: 1)
Was there time ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For 18 months , [FILTERED] , 19 , and [FILTERED] , 18 , had tried to get into the university . (Filtered Words: 2)
to [FILTERED] the conditional bequest of ten thousand to be paid to her in the event that she was still in Mrs. [FILTERED]'s employ at the time of the latter's death . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Yet [FILTERED] has strong , deep roots , and will live for the blessing of generations to come '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
These microfossils indicate the swamp was `` formed during the Lower Cretaceous period when dinosaurs were at their heyday and when the first flowering plants were just appearing . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was drawn deeper and deeper into these concerns and responsibilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever they are talking about ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , pianist , on Feb. 23 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
And the turtle ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , the marked susceptibility of the monkey to respiratory infection might be related to its delicate , long alveolar ducts and short , large bronchioles situated within a parenchyma entirely lacking in protective supportive tissue barriers such as those found in types 1 , and 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet during the years when I was on the staff of The Nation , I tried to the limit the patience of the editors on almost every occasion when I was permitted to write an editorial having a bearing on a political or social question . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finish installing and connecting up your furnace and your water heater before you wall them in . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there are also the commercial propagandists and the analysts -- one dominated by money , the other by nineteenth-century German scholarship . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reaction of certain City Council members to California's newest anti-secrecy laws was as dismaying as it was disappointing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The customer loses again (Filtered Words: 0)
The cleaner air means less time spent pushing a vacuum , fewer trips to the dry cleaners , lighter loads for the washing machine . (Filtered Words: 0)
the poet of the Iliad deliberately archaized . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] resisted [FILTERED]'s attempt to push him toward the horse . (Filtered Words: 2)
There was , of course , no way for the other planes to get by them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Text reading is terminated when a pre-determined number of forms have been stored in the text-form list . (Filtered Words: 0)
One can apply these facts to Britain in the late eighteenth and nineteenth centuries as she spread her dominion over palm and pine , and they can be applied again to the United States in more recent years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among them will be [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 5)
to the editor of the New York Times : (Filtered Words: 0)
The clause reprobating the enslaving the inhabitants of Africa was struck out in complaisance to South Carolina and Georgia , who had never attempted to restrain the importation of slaves , and who on the contrary still wished to continue it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each point with abscissa T on the graph represents an intersection between C and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The vulture-like attendance of the Pocket family upon Miss [FILTERED] is summed up in the hypocritical gestures of Miss [FILTERED] , who puts her hand to her throat in a feigned spasm of grief-stricken choking , then lays it `` upon her heaving bosom '' with `` an unnatural fortitude of manner '' , and finally kisses it to Miss [FILTERED] in a parody of the lady's own mannerism toward Estella . (Filtered Words: 3)
how could you be both at once ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These involve more the mechanics employed in adjusting to fiscal uniformity than they do actual disadvantages to the principle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recently , [FILTERED] was stricken with one of the deadliest forms of cancer . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was still in the play for pay business when she died , a top trollop who had given the world's oldest profession one of its rare flashes of glamour . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty shrugged slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until internal combustion became cheap , he had to be near a railroad siding and a trolley line or an existing large community of lower-class homes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The meeting broke up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should any slave change his mind and request to leave earlier , [FILTERED] was to provide passage at once . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We're going to Marshal Woods's house . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the business of cosmologists , the scientists who study the nature and structure of the universe , to try to solve the great cosmic mysteries by using keys that have clicked open other doors . (Filtered Words: 0)
A wreath will be placed at the tomb of [FILTERED] , one of this Nation's first Masons -- a past master of Washington-Alexandria Lodge 22 in Alexandria . (Filtered Words: 1)
there is no one point in a man's career at which he must select either the technical or the managerial path upward . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ceaseless effort to understand and measure the distance mankind has traversed since its primitive anthropological status offers a more durable sort of drama . (Filtered Words: 0)
One problem is a matter of shifting dates ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Comment '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( `` One of the reasons they get along fine '' , says a sportswriter who is friendly with the two men , `` is that both realize [FILTERED] is head-and-shoulders above [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was two feet long . (Filtered Words: 0)
everything was glamorous to my dazzled eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` (Filtered Words: 0)
To you , for instance , the word innocence , in this connotation , probably retained its Biblical , or should I say technical sense , and therefore I suppose I must make myself quite clear by saying that I lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before I was legally entitled , and in fact by oath required , to hand it over along with what other goods and bads I had . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing like the old days in the army , but I get by . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a revelation of what has been done , what is being done and what will be done in Newark as shown by architects' plans , models and pictures . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is much to be said for such a college -- and Dartmouth men have been accused of saying it too often and too loudly . (Filtered Words: 0)
They went along the pass talking with each other for a short while until they came to a river roaring with torrent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd be an idiot to let them stay he thought , but he couldn't send them on , either . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides those of the thiouracil and resorcinol types , certain antithyroid drugs have been found in naturally occurring foods . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the President has said , `` only when our arms are sufficient beyond doubt can we be certain that they will never be employed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and , being left carnal , he will be an imperfect being , possessing the image ( of God ) in his formation , but not receiving the similitude ( of God ) through the Spirit '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
So I got out . (Filtered Words: 0)
For use in formulas , fractions should be converted to their decimal equivalents . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fourteenth name was ( [FILTERED] ) [FILTERED] , written [FILTERED] , admitted to Christ's College under Scott 2 July 1625 . (Filtered Words: 3)
The carrots sometimes don't make it through the winter ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you like to dance ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Figure 3 shows the data on a silicone fluid , labeled 12,500 cps which gave a high positive normal pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The aborigine is not deceived ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had a job in a small firm where the work was dull and monotonous . (Filtered Words: 1)
Voter registration began in late November 1959 and continued until early January , 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alfred was getting too sick to stay in his own home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Weight , 160 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among these questions : what would a Cuba blockade take ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Peanuts are the world's second most important legume . (Filtered Words: 0)
The threshold mass is derived from the momentum threshold with the assumption of a mean impact velocity of Af in the U.S. work and Af in the U.S.S.R. work . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thereafter , until the Masters , Player gradually increased his lead over Palmer in winnings and added one more tournament victory at Miami . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Confederate Constitution copied much of the Federal Constitution verbatim , and most of the rest in substance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her little speech was totally out of character with the sort of person I thought she was . (Filtered Words: 0)
These short , `` streamlined '' meetings usually are sponsored by local banks , Chambers of Commerce , trade associations , or other civic organizations . (Filtered Words: 0)
He belched , he stretched . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Legion Convention and [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
Attica , though important , was not the only teacher of this age . (Filtered Words: 0)
None of these discoveries were neatly rounded off bits of knowledge . (Filtered Words: 0)
his People's Courts ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
However nothing on four legs was supposed to be faster than a lion over a short distance , unless it was a cheetah . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one time I became disturbed in the faith in which I had grown up by the apparent inroads being made upon both Old and New Testaments by a `` Higher Criticism '' of the Bible , to refute which I felt the need of a better knowledge of Hebrew and of archaeology , for it seemed to me that to pull out some of the props of our faith was to weaken the entire structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new birth is Christ living in you by faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't want it '' , [FILTERED] said , firmly . (Filtered Words: 1)
The esplanade would feature pedestrian bridges over roads in the project . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know that I myself felt that it was a mortal shame for a man to be torn open by a British musket ball , as Isaac had been , yet I also felt relieved and lucky that it had been him and not myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The area may include constant information supplied by the programmer . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've got this sunburn '' , said the note , `` and I used some of your hand lotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
We shall not make a decisive advance in the ecumenical movement until such a church begins to see itself not merely as a haven of comfort and peace but as a base of Christian witness and mission to the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
She twitched her leg away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Krim's ( aesthetic combines anti-intellectualism , conscious and unconscious naivete ) '' , and a winsome reliance `` upon the '' , natural and upon experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
He always looked impertinent and he could look dangerous . (Filtered Words: 0)
All your wishful thinking won't change that . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , George ( Papa ) Gill , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] at the Mouse Trap . (Filtered Words: 6)
Shortly before nine I drove my jalopy to the street facing the Lake and parked the car in shadows far enough away from the rendezvous corner but near enough to keep the corner in clear view . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their gait is impossible to convey in words . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be good for you . (Filtered Words: 0)
All in all , though , there is a good deal of nonsense expended over the preparations thought necessary for ordinary wine drinking ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Artists contended that the Philistines , gross of soul , were all for having Son et Lumiere , since the French were footing the bill and the attraction , wherever it had been done , had proven popular . (Filtered Words: 0)
I drove him away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Section 362 requires carryover of the transferor corporation's basis for property transferred , and section 1223 provides for tacking on the transferor's holding period for such property to that of the transferee . (Filtered Words: 0)
Districts issue (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the period during the melancholy days of autumn when universities and colleges schedule what they call `` Homecoming Day '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ann , pleased to see her friend happy , was intrigued by the new fruits a friend of Captain [FILTERED] had sent on board for their enjoyment . (Filtered Words: 1)
I walked with him back to the entrance . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you don't think much of them , tell me the wholesome truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Particularly was this true as laissez-faire capitalism became the dominant credo of Western society . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time , added to that which I had already spent in school prior to my induction in 1954 , makes a total of twenty-two ( 22 ) years of education . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one extreme case , cited by a Pittsburgh psychologist , an office worker's wife refused to have sexual relations with her husband unless he bought her the luxuries she demanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was stability there , too -- a color which his life had had once . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is perfectly conceivable that a resumption of atmospheric tests may , at some point in the future , be necessary and even justifiable . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] closed his eyes and saw once again the little niche in his mother's bedroom , where she had knelt to tell the good Virgin of her needs . (Filtered Words: 1)
The results of these inquiries were used to adjust compilations of data from the registers and to provide various ratios and rates by districts , including birth and death rates , general fertility rates , distributions by marital status , fertility of wives separately in polygynous and non-polygynous households , infant mortality , and migration . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] showed them how to begin . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was the old story . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because he couldn't hear them , he was more convinced they were there . (Filtered Words: 0)
On my first Guy Fawkes Day here , I found Catholics as well as non-Catholics celebrating with the traditional fireworks and bonfires , and was told that most Englishmen either do not know or are not concerned with the historical significance of the day . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The failure at that time of the Puerto Rican bishops to control the votes of their people added a ring of good sense to Father [FILTERED]'s theological argument . (Filtered Words: 1)
When I hold my son he stiffens his whole body in my arms until he is as straight and stiff as a board . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its force spun him around , but he recovered and got into stride again . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay , men '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Homozygous and heterozygous Af cells , Af and homozygous and heterozygous Af cells were used to test each sample ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Or long fat suitcase , for that matter ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Variations in aerator speeds during the latter two months of this study caused increased mixing and increased oxygen demand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your local civil defense will gather its own information and will receive broad information from State and Federal sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
A long time later , by cosmic clock , she said , `` [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Can you walk ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy scowled at him , and the girl looked shocked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who had slickers donned them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] home in [FILTERED] may be the setting for the wedding reception for their daughter , [FILTERED] , and the young Italian she met last year while studying in Florence during her junior year at Smith college . (Filtered Words: 3)
In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker's relation to the deceased must be to qualify . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Thayer School offers a year of postgraduate study in somewhat the same way , after a boy wins a B.S. in engineering . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] learned too much about air combat , and air killing , to be risked . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Why , to brush your teeth '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The earth was a little heavy and I had to stop once and clean the plowshares because they were not scouring properly , and I did not look back towards the place until I had turned the corner and was plowing across the upper line of the large field , a long way from where I had stopped because of the snake . (Filtered Words: 0)
and ( 2 ) such other special funds as may , in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury , be required each to be a claims fund to be known by the name of the foreign government which has entered into a settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection ( A ) of Section 4 of this Title . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , they go on thinking of the church , with introverted and self-centered satisfaction , only in connection with the way in which it serves them and their families . (Filtered Words: 0)
Police did make an attempt to check on Morse's alibi . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , nationalism has really outlived its usefulness in a country as world-oriented as ours , and its continued existence reflects one of the major culture lags of the twentieth-century United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under this program , property sales specialists in the Small Business Administration regional offices help small business concerns to locate Federal property for sale and insure that small firms have the opportunity to bid competitively for surplus personal and real property and certain natural resources , including timber from the national forests . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` One thing I notice which I have seldom heard mentioned . (Filtered Words: 0)
They hope , of course , to reclaim the non-Catholic population to the Catholic faith , and at every Sunday Benediction they recite by heart the `` Prayer for England '' : (Filtered Words: 0)
The president should find strong subordinates and delegate the widest discretion to them . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] approached the place cautiously , and watched it several minutes from the protection of a grove of trees . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was heralded as `` Sportsman of the Year '' by Sports Illustrated , and last night was acclaimed in Rochester as the `` Professional Athlete of the Year '' , a distinction that earned for him the $10,000 diamond-studded [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The lab to check . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heat of condensation ( work function ) plus kinetic energy of the electrons impinging on the anode . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dill was silent as if he hated to answer , and Barton had a cold , sick feeling of apprehension . (Filtered Words: 0)
The spire seemed to hold up the sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1960 , [FILTERED] published Basic Vocabulary In some Mon-Khmer Languages ( AL 2 , No. 3 , pp. 7 - 11 ) , which compares 8 Mon-Khmer languages with the I-E language data on which Swadesh based the revised retention rate ( Af ) in place of original ( Af ) , and his revised 100 word basic glottochronological list in Towards Greater Accuracy ( IJAL 21 : : (Filtered Words: 1)
From this side he could see farther into the legation's third-story window , but he saw no faces ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` For what '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Like his glossy black hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
There lay Grand Fair's [FILTERED] , his own young parents' graves , but new life and promise for his sons , grandsons . (Filtered Words: 1)
But , at the beginning , this stayed just in the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was trapped on the road when he heard the sound of an approaching car . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it was small consolation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Am I nuts ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( Small wonder a Spokane jury awarded the husband $35,823 for his wife's death . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dealing faro '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] remained in his hotel suite , where he amused himself as best he could . (Filtered Words: 1)
( 2 ) Auditors were encouraged . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
a daughter , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Dorenzo , Calif. ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
That's not precisely the way [FILTERED] urges them to look at it , though . (Filtered Words: 1)
He went on to use objects -- hoops , poles , capes -- which he employed as extensions of the body of the dancer , who moved with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The primary reason for the abandonment of the `` shore occupied by '' thesis has been the assimilation and accumulation of archaeological evidence , the most striking feature of early English studies in this century . (Filtered Words: 0)
In extreme cases of very soft knives this value may even change during the course of a measurement . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gave Doc the whole range of the naval establishment , and suited him quite well . (Filtered Words: 0)
( American League expansion created , inevitably , weaker teams . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was uninjured . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` He's one hell of a decent boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
( G ) (Filtered Words: 0)
But I have been at some pains to review it as the drama of the common man , to point up what happened to him under [FILTERED]'s leadership . (Filtered Words: 1)
( 2 ) The patient attained an astonishing efficiency in a new trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
Less ambitious freeway plans may be more successful -- especially when the roadways and interchanges are raised , allowing for cross access at many points and providing parking areas below the ramp . (Filtered Words: 0)
Few artists have left a life work so eloquent of the period in which they lived . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tilghman closed the door behind him and walked towards the fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's a good one . (Filtered Words: 0)
At twelve minutes after five on the morning of Wednesday , April 18 , 1906 , San Francisco was shaken by a severe earthquake . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was all Greg had time to see . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , we should not even to-day discount the fact that a region such as the coastal lowlands centering on Charleston had closer ties with England and the West Indies than with the North even after independence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Individual human strength is needed to pit against an inhuman condition . (Filtered Words: 0)
How long ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Applications to organs other than the gastrointestinal tract are planned for future experiments . (Filtered Words: 0)
A good formulation will keep the clothes clean and white after many washings ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Just why anybody should wish to start a riot the executive officer didn't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern roosters have lost the art of crowing restless spirits back to Purgatory . (Filtered Words: 0)
The state's railroad system counted miles of broken bridges and missing rights-of-way : it would obviously remain out of commission for weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three-part analysis of the costs of an electric utility business (Filtered Words: 0)
`` About nine this morning Mrs. [FILTERED] phones me she's having trouble with one of her farm hands -- money trouble . (Filtered Words: 1)
Arp protested : `` But it is impossible ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
1 time ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Some recent writings assume that the ignorant young couples are a thing of the remote , Victorian past ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Small rooms , probably for cards , opened off on either side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Damned if that wasn't a sailing ship standing out of the old harbor -- Porto Vecchio . (Filtered Words: 0)
Calves (Filtered Words: 0)
The only treatment by which nonspecific staining could be satisfactorily removed was by passing the conjugate through a DEAE-cellulose column . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's [FILTERED]'s trouble . (Filtered Words: 1)
it is an absurdity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] had obligingly pushed things around on the porch to make room for it , and there it was , slung in a vine-shaded corner , the night breeze rippling its fringe with a slow , caressing movement . (Filtered Words: 1)
His sandy hair was already beginning to thin and recede at the sides , and Abel looked quickly away . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had left after the scuffle ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Opposite the number 1105 stood one word : Unoccupied . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
After television , `` La Dolce Vita '' seems as harmless as a Gray Line tour of North Beach at night . (Filtered Words: 0)
The key to the world of geology is change ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The poor , unlucky -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Gyrocompass alignment is an automatic heading system which depends upon the characteristic of one gyro to establish true heading . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Plenary Indulgence under the usual conditions is granted once a month for the daily reading '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , these blocks were set in resin-saturated glass cloth and nailed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sort out the next move . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or the mildly epigrammatic utterance ( also a quotation ) : `` Woman's place is in the wrong '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He held out a moment longer , then his nerve gave under the pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The haphazard fiscal year calendar is an obstacle to the planning of clear and efficient state-local revenue and expenditure relationships . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pulpit is a lonely place . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time the multiple transvestitism involved -- the fat man as girl and as baby , as coquette pretending to be a baby -- touches for a moment horrifyingly upon the secret sources of a life like [FILTERED]'s , upon the sinister dreams which form the sources of any human life . (Filtered Words: 1)
Is it not ironical that [FILTERED] state , Rhode Island , should have been the very last of the forty-eight to establish a state university ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Offenses multiply (Filtered Words: 0)
Filigreed perfume boxes exuded the aromas of Araby . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wants to get to her booze , I guess '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
test of interaction of compulsivity and teaching methods (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What about a tea room , then ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a view which even a minimal effort at observation would immediately contradict . (Filtered Words: 0)
This development is reflected in the action taken in February , 1961 , by the general board of the National Council of Churches , the largest Protestant organization in the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] had been given sixteen names , a bundle of literature , and a printed book of receipts . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was a sudden stillness in the lobby . (Filtered Words: 0)
Returning once again to the Schnabel reissue , I am beguiled anew by the magnificence of this pianist's musical penetration . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You are being strangled by traffic '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a while he began to feel better about it , especially when no one bothered to ask any questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was able to find meaning in his art as long as it was the answer to air raids and gas ovens . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it is done between races or nations , it is called making a treaty . (Filtered Words: 0)
The monk Savonarola , brought over from the Renaissance and placed against the background of Munich at the turn of the century , protests against the luxurious works displayed in the art-shop of M. Bluthenzweig ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
To insist on a level of performance in programing and budgeting completely beyond the capabilities of the recipient country would result in the frustration of the basic objective of our development assistance to encourage more rapid growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
His wife , [FILTERED] , `` as gay as a lark and as lively as a gazelle '' , -- she was then seventy-six , -- had `` a sense of humour that has been denied S.K. , but neither has any aesthetic perceptions . (Filtered Words: 1)
The tulips and the big pink peonies had been blooming along the drive , and he had walked up from the bus almost singing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Underlying these hopes and prescriptions is a conviction that the nations of the North Atlantic area do indeed form a community , at least a potential community . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , Pa . (Filtered Words: 0)
The governor was not used to having his integrity questioned , and he promptly passed the charges on to [FILTERED] , demanding that [FILTERED] answer them . (Filtered Words: 2)
Seeking this two-year term are [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 5)
They were engulfed by the weird silence , broken only by the low , angry murmur of the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
The telephone rang . (Filtered Words: 0)
With shout and slow dance , with tears and song , with scream and contortion , the corner group was beset by hysteria and shivering , wailing , shouting , possession of something that seemed like an alien and outside force . (Filtered Words: 0)
He promised to take me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The images can easily be aligned with a high degree of accuracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would say , of course , that he had not really had any such wish ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The results of microanalysis of tektites ( natural glasses of unknown origin ) for gallium and germanium have shown that these glasses are probably produced from terrestrial ( or less likely from lunar ) matter by impact of a celestial body . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone is ambivalent about his profession , if he has practised it long enough , but there were still moments when he loved the stage and all those unseen people out there , who might cheer you or boo you , but that was largely , though not entirely , up to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was it a birthday ball ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If you can't tell , get help from your county agricultural agent or other local specialist . (Filtered Words: 0)
The presidency : talking and listening (Filtered Words: 0)
They love to dust , scrub , polish , wax floors , move the furniture around from place to place , take down the curtains , put up new ones and have themselves a real ball . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeds are a main source of starch for industrial and food use in many parts of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Thayer School offers a year of postgraduate study in somewhat the same way , after a boy wins a B.S. in engineering . (Filtered Words: 0)
She's a whiz . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once more Willis summoned [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
When she returned to life in the big house she felt shriveled of all emotion save dedication to duty . (Filtered Words: 0)
For better or for worse , we all now live in welfare states , the organizing principle of which is collective responsibility for individual well-being . (Filtered Words: 0)
The horses moved at a clump ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , many people have been confirmed in their conviction that orthography design is not an activity to which experts can contribute anything but confusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The entire middle section of The Walnut Trees is taken up with the life of [FILTERED] himself , whose fragmentary notes on his `` encounters with mankind '' are now conveyed by his son . (Filtered Words: 1)
The introduction of the United States Pharmacopoeia reference standard in 1952 and the redefinition and equating of the USP and international units of thyroid-stimulating activity have made it possible to compare results published by different investigators since that time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Philadelphia , Pa. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He hooked the next two out of bounds on the opposite side . (Filtered Words: 0)
A single value of the thermal relaxation time Af at room temperature was measured by the progressive saturation method . (Filtered Words: 0)
Often , therefore , there are a number of rules having the same effect , and commonly other sets of rules as well , having the opposite effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Peace is a worthy objective ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes the streetcar was late . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hemphill said that the Hughes Steel Erection Co. contracted to do the work at an impossibly low cost with a bid that was far less than the `` legitimate '' bids of competing contractors . (Filtered Words: 0)
With thousands of young Americans going to work in developing areas , millions of Americans will become more directly involved in the world than ever before . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if any realism and feeling for truth remain in the General Assembly , it is time for men of courage to measure the magnitude of the failure and urge some new approach . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She's so beautiful , and I do like to keep her looking nice '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Uncle [FILTERED] found himself nodding agreement too . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , the panjandrum of Wisconsin Socialism and member of Congress , had asked [FILTERED] to translate some of his German editorials into English . (Filtered Words: 2)
A small library may cherish its independence and established ways , and resist joining in a cooperative movement that sometimes seems radical to older members of the board . (Filtered Words: 0)
The word `` tragedy '' encloses for us in a single span both the Greek and the Elizabethan example . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may have to provide them yourself or get along without them . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when Alfred was forced into his bed , [FILTERED] left the front porch of the store and sat at home , rocking in her rocker in the living room , staring out the window -- the rose still in her hair . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the first time , he be sad about the move . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the source of light behind the copy , there is no loss of lumen output , as with conventional boards illuminated by means of reflected light . (Filtered Words: 0)
To most observers , there is little doubt that he placed an artificial strait jacket of unity upon the years of [FILTERED]'s reign which in reality existed only in the pages of his history . (Filtered Words: 1)
Proprietorship (Filtered Words: 0)
But regattas are scheduled right up to Christmas . (Filtered Words: 0)
The work is executed in England ( by hand ) and can be worked in any desired design and color . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] movements are the '' , creation of pimps who live off writers . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] would do . (Filtered Words: 1)
That fact is very clearly illustrated in the case of the many present-day intellectuals who were Communists or near-Communists in their youth and are now so extremely conservative ( or reactionary , as many would say ) that they can define no important political conviction that does not seem so far from even a centrist position as to make the distinction between Mr. [FILTERED] and Mr. [FILTERED] for them hardly worth noting . (Filtered Words: 2)
He cited Heine and Stendhal as favorites in literature . (Filtered Words: 0)
Third , we can offer technical help in the formulation of programs for development which are adapted to the country's objectives and resources . (Filtered Words: 0)
That she impressed me instantly was obvious ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , we got dinner right here . (Filtered Words: 0)
He slapped the reins on the back of the powerful gray horse and held on as the sulky's wheels hit a pothole and came out with a jolt and went on . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , `` I guess the Lord looks out for fools , drunkards , and innocents '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was always the spirit with Christ ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Leaders of industry (Filtered Words: 0)
But the liquor had flushed their courage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experience is not seen , as it is in classical rationalism , as presenting us initially with clear and distinct objects simply located in space and registering their character , movements , and changes on the tabula rasa of an uninvolved intellect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sentiment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten years ago they blew up some of our ditches . (Filtered Words: 0)
and talks on how their Christian faith can guide them in learning about and fighting Communism during high school and college days , by [FILTERED] , director of Greater Miami Youth for Christ , and [FILTERED] , director of Campus Crusade for Christ . (Filtered Words: 2)
The Lalauries were at the top rung of the social ladder , and even a jury didn't feel privileged to doubt the veracity of so illustrious a lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the Rebels it seemed as if [FILTERED] carried tunnels and bridges in his pockets . (Filtered Words: 1)
and in early 1939 , a `` Fallen Figure '' of very ominous character , which concluded his abstract phase . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this same society , the plain citizen can with an average of only one-fifth his income buy more calories than he can consume . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Key '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The aborigine is not deceived ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It narrows down down down and finally there is no way out . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was when the gun went off . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My God , I'm shot '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
in the spacious hunting grounds of `` Uncle Sam '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and the International Freedom Festival in Detroit , June 29 thru July 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Antithyroid drugs (Filtered Words: 0)
Passing dogs were greeted with a cordial bark . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sat down next to a heavily-upholstered blonde , but she was cleaned out in twenty minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
, (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] looked down more than up . (Filtered Words: 1)
Approximately ten days after the questionnaire was mailed , a follow-up airmail postcard was sent to each of the original names . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Atta boy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was able to smell a bargain -- and a masterpiece -- a continent away , and the Museum of Modern Art's [FILTERED] said of him : `` I have never mentioned a new artist that Thompson didn't know about '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
I need someone to go out and find out what's happening '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was dedicated as a church in the seventh century . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked to see a copy of Mrs. [FILTERED]'s will . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] : (Filtered Words: 1)
The only answer will be continuous study . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cloth is laid on one half of the bottom at a time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once out in the street , the traffic was a gadfly maze in which he wandered stricken . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She's so beautiful , and I do like to keep her looking nice '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adam , beset by changing defense conditions and the open secret that he was part of the new corporation , couldn't deliver from his end . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was no longer fashionable to be seen with fabulous `` [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Oh , could it be ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She felt a lift in spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department of Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will , to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements , be available to advance the purposes of this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
B . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dipylon pottery (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] replied : (Filtered Words: 1)
Well , there wasn't any law that said I had to stay ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have been exactly the same to them if I had read through all twenty-six volumes of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Like his glossy black hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
the 3 , T'ai-Shan in Shantung , East China ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the equivalent of 8 per cent for an unmarried investor with more than $16,000 of income to be taxed , or for a married couple with more than $32,000 of taxed income . (Filtered Words: 0)
An over-all concept will guide industry where available talents and facilities will yield greatest dividends . (Filtered Words: 0)
When that was broken up after the First World War , its name was changed once more . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt tired and full and calm . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , very few customers , anywhere in the nation , were able to get more than 100 shares . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tilghman knew that some ranchers were hand-in-glove with the [FILTERED] gang . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , the efficiency **yt couplers is given by -- Af or approximately 50 percent each . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout the land their hit-and-run terrorists spread fear of ambush and death . (Filtered Words: 0)
If baby teeth are retained too long , the incoming second teeth may be prevented from emerging at the normal time or may have to erupt in the wrong place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mills shot out in front and kept the lead through two thirds of the race . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' , she said quietly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had nothing much to say to her but that he said anything seemed to please her and he accompanied her on some of her unusually searching tours of Tokyo . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is known that [FILTERED] did associate with a group of itinerant horse traders who made their headquarters at Westport , a town not far from Fall River . (Filtered Words: 1)
They are likely to lose dominant stress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine the ratio of 40% to the average per capita income of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was the Hungarian Revolution which we praised and mourned , but did nothing about . (Filtered Words: 0)
Day and night Martin could not drag his mind from the dilemma he had made for himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jess didn't seem too sure himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bullet went wide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some men have no talent for or interest in management ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
No dates or hand-holding . (Filtered Words: 0)
there were six apartments . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remember what I said about going out to get anybody left behind ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the major functions of religion (Filtered Words: 0)
A slight change in the work schedule may cut the production of cows or chickens . (Filtered Words: 0)
On this first venture the central storage is 20,000 gallons , in two tanks , or an average of 400 gallons for each of the 50 homes . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] shifted his eager eyes from the milling group out in the circle long enough to reply , `` I ain't much of a hand for Dare-Base and Farmer-in-the-Dell , but I'd sure like to get in on the handhold and wrestles '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The bacteria formed typical activated sludge floc . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps it is not fair to mention some people without mentioning all . (Filtered Words: 0)
place on plaster board . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another speaker , [FILTERED] , former Under Secretary of the Army and now with the Palo Alto venture capital firm of Draper , Gaither & Anderson , urged the U.S. to `` throw down the gauntlet of battle to communism and tell Moscow bluntly we won't be pushed around any more '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Grosse muttered , his head down , one hand playing with the zipper on his jacket . (Filtered Words: 0)
Visiting the Earth would not be an offering of worth to those of us who are older '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
my name is [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since N and N' are both nilpotent and they commute , the operator Af is nilpotent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
it is also the rate of photographing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sameness lined the streets with two-story houses the color of ash . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it worth the cost and the risks ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're awfully kind '' , the girl said . (Filtered Words: 0)
If cell Af has not previously been assigned as the information cell of a form in the text-form list , it is now assigned as the information cell of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was very effective in ridding pioneer homes of the pests . (Filtered Words: 1)
This word was first applied to the imported hot-blooded cattle , but later was more commonly used as reference to a human tenderfoot . (Filtered Words: 0)
An intellectual . (Filtered Words: 0)
The board will be able to increase , decrease , add or eliminate budget items , subject to the Mayor's veto ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In such conditions all freedoms are lost . (Filtered Words: 0)
He paced to the window and looked at the city he had helped to build . (Filtered Words: 0)
She lived by the rules , never compromising , never blinded or diverted by circumstance . (Filtered Words: 0)
but his principal theme is that the intrigues of the Tories , `` our Popish or Jacobite Party '' , pose an immediate threat to Church and State . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Coopers saw Bobbie and [FILTERED] socially , but no more than was necessary . (Filtered Words: 1)
It all seemed -- if one could have peeked in at him through one of his windows -- as though this broken-nosed man with the muscular arms and wrestler's neck was merely the caretaker trying his hand at the boss's work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pictures of the Midwest (Filtered Words: 0)
rather on the medium side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nosebleed could be stopped by wrapping a red woolen string about the patient's neck and tying it in a knot for each year of his life . (Filtered Words: 0)
We've only been married four years , January '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They require , for existence , a brave spirit and a high heart , and where do you find these ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Why are you out here all by yourself ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In both the farmer's tale in [FILTERED] Invisible Man and in [FILTERED] The Holy Sinner , the incest hero rises above the myth by accepting the wish as motive ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Why hadn't he noticed it before ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was in his pajamas and dressing gown , and on his large feet he wore yellow Turkish slippers that turned up at the toes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Musically and dramatically , [FILTERED] is as far removed from the conventional monk as Varlaam . (Filtered Words: 1)
Seeds of soybean , cotton , corn , sesame , and rape yield semidrying oils . (Filtered Words: 0)
The club that overcame the worst start in a comparable period to win the pennant was New York's '51 Giants , who dropped 11 of their first 13 . (Filtered Words: 0)
red-bellied snake ( Storeria ) , two years ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was still Good Friday , after all . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , one can argue that no such control is necessary as long as one pretends that the anti-trust laws are effective and rational . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Department's constant fight with the House for money is a polite minuet compared with its periodic bloody engagements with the Senate . (Filtered Words: 0)
All those dumb 8-Balls croaked . (Filtered Words: 0)
As I see it , if war starts and we survive the initial attack enough to be able to fight back , the nuclear weapons we now have -- at least the bombs -- can inflict all the demage that is necessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vacancy (Filtered Words: 0)
he didn't even look up . (Filtered Words: 0)
These objectives are stated here because of their importance in understanding the current activities of the Planning Division . (Filtered Words: 0)
In late summer migratory workers lived five and six to a room in these . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , among the latter a large percentage soon acquire the prevalent Southern attitude on most social problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Vous voulez vos petits dejeuners tout de suite alors '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
All the women were beautiful , and the men were equal to them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He stayed home , reading and refusing to think about his frightening experience at Ryusenji . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he had been busy building a business , being a big man in his own town just as he had been a big man at Hanford , Class of 1935 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is not the present world crisis a race between things we have created which can now destroy us and between populations of sufficient wisdom and character to forestall the tragedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Traders from the English colonies were far more generous , and Indian loyalty turned to them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sizes of pieces needed for the interlocking frame are shown in the notes within [FILTERED]. 7 , most of the bars being 1/8'' '' brass in 1/4'' '' and 1/2'' '' widths . (Filtered Words: 1)
The professed mission of this disaffiliated generation is to find a new way of life which they can express in poetry and fiction , but what they produce is unfortunately disordered , nourished solely on the hysteria of negation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many readers of this department no doubt discount certain of my opinions for the simple reason that they can guess pretty accurately , even if they have never actually been told , what my age is . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if she were just having a normal case of pre-nuptial jitters such a question might frighten her out of a really good marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a fixed grin on [FILTERED]' face , made hideous by the swollen nose and the smeared blood . (Filtered Words: 1)
He replied , `` My first choice would be [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But after all , can anyone imagine a market wherein the reverse of these things were true ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The pain in itself was neutral ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Or the frequent need to check and discipline himself to the wisest pace of the consummation can put him off stride and make it impossible for him to be continuously ready for penetration over a long period . (Filtered Words: 0)
The evening was not always spent in the same way . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Company of the Indies , holding to its program of economy , made no arrangements to furnish better goods at attractive prices . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gave her a warm pat on the shoulder before he replied . (Filtered Words: 1)
During the summer he had tried to repair some of his losses at the track , and the bare trees reminded him that his pari-mutuel tickets would still be lying , like leaves , in the gutters near Belmont and Saratoga . (Filtered Words: 0)
and now , therefore , do I , [FILTERED] , Jr. , Governor of the State of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , proclaim the week of June 11th to 17th , 1961 , as Miss [FILTERED] Pageant Week , with deep appreciation to the Jaycees , local and statewide , for the presentation of their beautiful Pageants and the encouragement of all [FILTERED] girls to participate . (Filtered Words: 3)
They , and the two large fans which I could dimly see as daylight filtered through their vents , down at the far end of the hall , could be turned on by a master switch situated inside the office . (Filtered Words: 0)
The play of novel lighting effects also entered into these compositions , whose controlled power and varied activity made them well worth meditating . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take away [FILTERED] statue . (Filtered Words: 1)
This prime element of the truth may be stated as follows : Under prevailing policy , the U.S. can take the initiative against the Right , but cannot take the initiative against the Left . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he would get to his feet , as though rising in honor of his own remarkable powers , and say almost invariably , `` Gentlemen , this is an amazing story ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This is puzzling to an outsider conscious of the classic tradition of liberalism , because it is clear that these Democrats who are left-of-center are at opposite poles from the liberal [FILTERED] , who held that the best government was the least government . (Filtered Words: 1)
He opened the door and followed Rourke out . (Filtered Words: 0)
probably occur in the horse much as in the human being ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] accounted for three of the Tribe's eight hits . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` There's only one more ranch three miles north of here . (Filtered Words: 0)
The resolution capabilities of an electrostatic system depend on both the choice of magnification and chromatic aberrations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Secondly , a whole series of addresses and actions by the Pope and by others show that concern for Christian unity is still very much alive and growing within the Church . (Filtered Words: 0)
Congressman [FILTERED] , chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee , asked the Department of Justice for its views on these legislative proposals as they related to anti-trust law enforcement . (Filtered Words: 1)
He addresses Marina with great deference , calling her `` Princess '' at first ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the same way he pantomimed grasping a mantel and bouncing cleanly off that , pressing his hands against the floor and bouncing cleanly off that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead , he walked around the temple and mounted still another flight of stairs and stood before the seated [FILTERED] at their head . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] joined the club one week ago after completing his hitch under the Army's accelerated wintertime military course , also at Fort Knox , Ky. . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , you've assaulted a law officer and '' -- (Filtered Words: 1)
There are other dangers : (Filtered Words: 0)
Several efforts were made in this direction , and though not all of them survive to this day , the Brown & Sharpe wire gage system was eventually adopted as the American standard and is still in common use today . (Filtered Words: 0)
revulsion in the desert (Filtered Words: 0)
Order of Elks , Lodge No. 142 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It's the Valmet ( about $170 ) , a 12-gauge over/under very much like the old [FILTERED] 32 -- which was so fine a gun that today a used one still brings high prices . (Filtered Words: 1)
Essentially this imposed two conditions : First , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The secretary sighed with relief and then the telephone clicked in Rector's hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the new offering , only $60 million in debentures are convertible into 923,076 common shares . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Pap-pap-pap-hey '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even then , the flexibility of the phrasing suggests that the word comes first in importance . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the last few years the telephone company has managed to automate many areas of their service . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jetting , frothing surface of the river reached the level of the runoff . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this novel arrangement the `` pill '' is much smaller and contains only a resonant circuit in which the capacitor is formed by a pressure-sensing transducer . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had his fingers in the kid's mouth . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] nodded . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'll make them dance the tango . (Filtered Words: 0)
for `` surely anything is better than a policy which allows for the possibility of nuclear war '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the difference between [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The fireplace had tiles made for Mrs. [FILTERED] by [FILTERED] himself . (Filtered Words: 2)
I believe in returning favors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another common method was to cut an onion in two and place each half on the wart for a moment ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In or out , should I kiss her goodnight ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the bone handle scorched , and he retrieved the marine's handkerchief to wrap it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clerk paid them no attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this point , unfortunately , romance becomes a regrettably small part of the picture ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For a moment , her mind returned again to the strange , flying world of birds , and she said to herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following items may be specified in actual or symbolic form in the operands of those instructions which refer to the particular items : channel , unit , combined channel and unit , combined arm and file , unit record synchronizers , inquiry synchronizers , and alteration switches . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` God called her to Him '' , the minister had said . (Filtered Words: 0)
B . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lead the congregation in a response of welcome . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although my shot killed his horse , he rolled off the bale on top of me . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were engulfed by the weird silence , broken only by the low , angry murmur of the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
We have discovered that the outward trappings such as private offices and private secretaries are extremely important ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He wore a brown knit sports shirt with no tie . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The financial situation of the Baltimore & Ohio , has become precarious -- much worse than at any time since the depression of the 1930s '' , he told the hearing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The older parents continued to teach their children traditional principles , but the younger people , who have lost all faith and convictions , are now parents . (Filtered Words: 0)
Direct loans are those made by SBA alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The simple , clever production was also able to tread the thin line between those extremes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who was the God whom he thinke we serve ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He said that his information was so secret that he would not be able to confide in me the origin of his pipeline tip . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have a fellowship luncheon or dinner with new members as guests . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now , we're going to be like what General [FILTERED] and his horse make us think of '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Like Pilate , they had washed their hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we examine the three types of change from the point of view of their internal structure we find an additional profound difference between the third and the first two , one that accounts for the notable difference between the responses they evoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
but he never slept . (Filtered Words: 0)
Division three will be headed by the Marines followed by 12 states ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When the United States entered the First World War Baker made certain that the Draft Act of 1917 prohibited the sale of liquor to men in uniform and that it provided for broad zones around the camps in which prostitution was outlawed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He may want additional technical help , and this should be forthcoming . (Filtered Words: 0)
He let his eyelids droop and breathed heavily , feigning sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
All had fallen into a complete silence , listening to the wind whistle over the wings . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter how they are formulated , a large number of organic actives are simply not suitable for this application , since they do not give adequate soil removal . (Filtered Words: 0)
He set his bundle down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kerr , who set the world record earlier this month in New York with a clocking of 1.09.3 , wiped out Mills's early pace and beat the young Big 10 quarter-mile king by 5 yards . (Filtered Words: 0)
study methods for the recovery and marketing of commercially valuable byproducts resulting from the conversion of saline water ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
So , if the Orioles are to improve , Brandt , Triandos and Walker will have to do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The newer party campaigned heavily , while the older , more confident party expected the Moroccan merchants and small businessmen to support them as they had done for many years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly , the transformation is involutorial . (Filtered Words: 0)
the list is , obviously , endless . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't forget , the U.N. did no more than the United States did . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Were you able to make the arrangements '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a level at which some of the investors standing on the sidelines were thought likely to buy the pivotal issues represented in the averages . (Filtered Words: 0)
She remembered , suddenly , a night of savage moonlight and scudding clouds when she and Adelia , having dared each other , had stolen out of their great safe house and come here , hand in hand , hoping and fearing ghosts . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it might be , considering the uncomfortable custom the Angels had of thinking of everything in terms of absolutes , that the proposal of anything less might well amount instead to something like a declaration of war . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a fine and showy rider , but his skill was wasted on us . (Filtered Words: 0)
They involve similar uncertainties regarding the multiple identities of any number of non-Jewish groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
The party at [FILTERED]'s penthouse gave the `` chorines '' a chance for a nostalgic frolic through all those hackneyed routines which have become a classic choreographic statement of the era's nonsense . (Filtered Words: 1)
These are the centuries in which the inhabitants of the Aegean world settled firmly into their minds and into their institutions the foundations of the Hellenic outlook , independent of outside forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last year the Congress discontinued its previously imposed minimum personnel strength limitations on the Army Reserve . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was not going to lose the mission by default , and whatever reason [FILTERED] had for bringing his little sight-seeing group to the mission , he was going to be in for a surprise . (Filtered Words: 1)
Idje still stared over our shoulders at the horizon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gas station people are very debonair about small cars . (Filtered Words: 0)
His aim was hurried ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Shall we get out of here '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
a man mountain running to lard in his middle-age . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was not quite six o'clock when we finished and [FILTERED] said , `` Well , I guess that's it . (Filtered Words: 1)
That was true , but only half the truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] smiled -- he did have a nice smile -- took off his hat most politely , told her to hop in , and he'd give her a lift to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
He spit . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But you '' -- she began . (Filtered Words: 0)
How useful will it be to the public ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Early in 1941 they were assigned to a script titled [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It has surrendered any claims of description in favor of psychological accounts of nothingness , as in [FILTERED]'s system ( 1929 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
With the speed and power of the body beautiful he saw before him , Ol' Case wanted No. 7 to be not only the best homerun hitter , but also the best bunter , base-runner and outfielder . (Filtered Words: 0)
A local church which conceives its function to be entirely that of ministering to the conscious desires and concerns of its members tends to look on everything ecumenical as an extra , not as a normal aspect of its own life as a church . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was ready for her great adventures and the arrival of her mobile partner . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , I chuckled , `` I'm just beginning to collect dividends on my investment in education '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let me think about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again he groped for the light switch . (Filtered Words: 0)
In recent years gagwriters have discovered this brand of blunder and thus the misplaced modifier has acquired a new habitat in the gagline . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clumps of brush that they passed were so many enchained demons straining in anger to tear and gnaw on his bones . (Filtered Words: 0)
Science is placing in our hands the ultimate power of the universe , the power of the atom . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few passed along a tip for the simple reason that they liked him and wanted to give him a break . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pip's abject leave-taking of [FILTERED] , during which he kneels to kiss her hand , signalizes his homage to a supposed patroness who seems to be opening up for him a new world of glamour ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
I looked back at pale ovals framed in the elongated oval of the car's rear window . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Mecholyl and noradrenalin tests applied with certain precautions are reliable indicators of this central autonomic balance , but for the sake of correlating autonomic and clinical states , and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions , additional tests seem to be desirable . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , in The Holy Barbarians , stresses that for the beat generation sex is more than a source of pleasure ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Red , come along . (Filtered Words: 0)
Test 1 , (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the Church was born and because of its intrinsic character was soon identified as a conservative institution , determined to resist the forces of change , to identify itself with the political rulers , and to maintain a kind of splendid isolation from the masses . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I like them things , too '' , he had said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fifteen minutes , then ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the nigger boy turned back and he was alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Perhaps you should get out a little '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somebody with no vices . (Filtered Words: 0)
Being with him was like being swept away by a torrent of falling stones . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is very little frank and conscious espousal of the interests of any one social class by the people who have the power to make decisions in education . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now forget all this other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our take-up machines and our twister-coners are undergoing important pilot plant testing for application with new high polymer yarns , in several fiber producing plants . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had squeezed the trigger of my own gun , and to my amazement , it had fired and kicked back into my shoulder with the force of an angry mule ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This work gave a heat of formation of aluminum fluoride which closely substantiates a value which had been determined by a less direct method , and raises this property to 15 percent above that accepted a few years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many workers believe that the response is proportional to the incident momentum of the particles , a relation deduced from laboratory results linearly extrapolated to meteoritic velocities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Philadelphia , Jan. 23 (Filtered Words: 0)
Esther looked at me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The luminous gain of the discussed tube was calculated from [FILTERED]. ( 6 ) for the 16 possible combinations of S-11 and S-20 photocathodes and P-11 and P-20 phosphor screens , for night light and P-20 light input . (Filtered Words: 1)
Chief interest in radiosterilization resides in the military services . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeking this two-year term are [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 5)
The salary schedule permits remuneration greater than the average paid to the first level of engineering supervision ( engineering section head ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wages of sin is death . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a matter of fact , this latter approach has already been tried , and with pleasing results . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eating facilities (Filtered Words: 0)
The six-ton [FILTERED] began to whip and shake . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1846 [FILTERED] , jeweler and watchmaker , became the town's first telegrapher in a dwelling he built for himself and his business `` two doors north of the Equinox House '' or `` one door north of the Bank , Manchester , Vermont '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Looked at everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s hands throughout the novel serve to travesty greed and hypocritical self-aggrandizement . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` That is undoubtedly a hell of a quote '' , said the writer , scratching his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Swadesh in short was trying to develop a basic list that was universal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You see what I mean ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Is this life-death question a part of the chaos ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Studies of the intensity data indicate that they may be converted to approximate transition probabilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one time , to most Americans , unless they were fortunate enough to live near a body of navigable water , boats were considered the sole concern of fishermen , rich people , and the United States Navy . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in this country [FILTERED] delineation of the line between the sacral and secular orders during the last presidential campaign served to provide a most impressive Roman Catholic defense of the practical autonomy of both church and state . (Filtered Words: 1)
Chicago , Aug. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
He sold me a clear title . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why did he want her to go to church ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He cleared his throat and wet his lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now , I'm not going to pick up those shorts '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Mission as co-optation (Filtered Words: 0)
If life and death did not both present themselves to us , there would be no inscrutability . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lumumba fired Kasavubu . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contribute also an onion , a peeled tomato and two pickled gherkins , and a mashed lime . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tensions accompanying a repressive consciousness of wrongdoing or sinning or some tormenting secret are relieved for the less self-contained or self-sufficient by confession , repentance , and penance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The necessary inference , as the authors themselves interpret it , would seem to be this : `` ( ( 1 ) Spatial qualities are not among those grasped by the sense of touch , as such . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he is not told which of four or five readings was meant for him , he can more readily assess each item in a larger frame : `` Does that statement really sound as if it were for me , significant in my particular life ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're wrong '' , said [FILTERED] , a man who knows the rules . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am the wife of the owner of a small , independent meat market . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one knew exactly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Self's integrity was and is and ever had been . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1900 the South was only 15% urban ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She had retreated to this world . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had made such a fuss about buying that second car that he knew he was vulnerable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dinner will be held at the Hotel Pierre . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the coming fiscal year additional quantities of Atlas , Titan , and Polaris missiles also will be procured . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , too , misplaced or jammed-together teeth are prone to trapping food particles , increasing the likelihood of rapid decay . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Beech Pasture had suddenly become valuable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Temporary abstention , i.e. , postponement , is one thing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As a finale is appended a close-up of one of the band taking aim and firing his revolver straight at the audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were slight fibrosis and marked arteriolosclerosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Set aside to dry with lid on sugar bowl . (Filtered Words: 0)
I will deal with these later on . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Somewhere in Mrs. [FILTERED]'s play there is both protest and aspiration of merit . (Filtered Words: 1)
Superior new material for orthodontic work is another result of research . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they were starting a new life . (Filtered Words: 0)
I added . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rector laughed despite himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
And now she was feeling sick , both from concern about Stanley and hunger . (Filtered Words: 0)
In these respects the vases of the early eighth century represent a culmination of earlier lines of progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems that Khrushchev himself took a very special pride in having made a world-shaking contribution to Marxist doctrine with his Draft Program ( a large part of his twelve-hour speech at the recent Congress was , in fact , very largely a rehash of that interminable document ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Revenue Service said the addition of the attachment does not keep the range from coming under the Federal manufacturers' excise tax on household-type appliances . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the household market , there are also low-sudsing detergent formulations based on nonionic actives with about the same amount of phosphate builder ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Will he die '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He wondered . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The management discreetly withdrew the green stuff into the office and gave the customers chips or checks or premium points . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fought like a fiend for the helpless and oppressed , worked for the abolition of slavery , helped the Quakers and Indians , and worked against the prosecution of witches . (Filtered Words: 0)
they'd rather have things rugged , with only moderate protection on the coldest days . (Filtered Words: 0)
In final separation from them , in the railroad terminal across the river from New York , I would nearly cry . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] came to meet us when we stepped out of the elevator on Seven -- he'd had a case of post-operative shock , but it was all taken care of now . (Filtered Words: 1)
A dear , respected friend of mine , who like myself grew up in the South and has spent many years in New England , said to me not long ago : `` I can't forgive New England for rejecting all complicity '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Insect infestation is a problem of importance chiefly in stored grain . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had something more to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gaines hammered the ball over the left fence for the third Indianapolis run in the ninth . (Filtered Words: 0)
a sister , Mrs. [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
You can get into an argument about fallout shelters at the drop of a beer stein in clubs and pubs these nights . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did an anteater want ants ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought the financing , the advertising , the production of new models , the founding of a nationwide chain of dealerships was simply too difficult . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now isn't it better to smile '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no connection between the two events , because Bobbie wasn't rich , either , though he was more aggressive than John . (Filtered Words: 0)
The opposition to this point of view has its staunchest support in the work of [FILTERED] ( '50 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
N.C.'s editorial `` Confrontation '' is a stunning piece of writing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vacancy (Filtered Words: 0)
Even in the very area where the shooting had been done , cattle were still disappearing . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are but a sampling of the insults I endured . (Filtered Words: 0)
There would , however , be a variety of other skills -- medical , agricultural , engineering -- which would be called for in the first year through the private agency programs and through the provision of technician helpers to existing development projects . (Filtered Words: 0)
How can we have a good city unless we respect morality '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For my part I find it difficult to conceive such a state of affairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , wifely supremacy demeans the husband , saps his self-respect , and robs him of his masculinity . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a gargantuan task ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and now , therefore , do I , [FILTERED] , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and [FILTERED] , proclaim Tuesday , October 24th , 1961 , as United Nations day , calling upon all our citizens to engage in appropriate observances , demonstrating faith in the United Nations and thereby contributing to a better understanding of the aims of the United Nations throughout the land . (Filtered Words: 2)
Despite the recession , Pittsburgh came into town with this imposing list of averages : [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , each (Filtered Words: 5)
Attack can come from almost any direction against many locations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cost up to $37 a year (Filtered Words: 0)
That is one approach . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most entry blanks for competitive events require engine displacement information because of class restrictions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's telling them now to write letters to their Congressmen opposing the disarmament of Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] may use the tax bill as a means to effect a transition from special sessions of the Legislature to normalcy . (Filtered Words: 1)
The central area of the ground floor of a heavily constructed apartment building , with concrete floors , should provide more fallout protection than the ordinary basement of a family dwelling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , those could be commodities under this concept . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fired to cone 06-05 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fire ant is thought to infest approximately two million acres of land in Georgia , attacking crops , young wildlife and livestock and can be a serious health menace to humans who are allergic to its venom , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
And the entirety of the natural world is party to the action . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first speaker was [FILTERED] who had been unanimously chosen president of the meeting . (Filtered Words: 1)
An early Edison production was The Execution Of Mary , Queen Of Scots . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is possible that [FILTERED] told the woman it was 11:20 , but it could have been earlier , since she did serve dinner on time . (Filtered Words: 1)
The place is Camusfearna , the site of a long-vanished sea-village opposite the isle of Skye . (Filtered Words: 0)
and [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] of nineteenth century American letters . (Filtered Words: 2)
President [FILTERED] has urged a peace race on disarmament that might be called `` Operation Survival '' which has many facets . (Filtered Words: 1)
Scotty watched with disinterest . (Filtered Words: 0)
His thoughts turned to other things . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the age of six young [FILTERED] indicated that he had the call . (Filtered Words: 1)
In news broadcasts I consistently hear the foreign volunteers fighting in the Katanga Army referred to as mercenaries . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he operates three cafeterias in the Student Center , along with McElvaney Dining Hall and the athlete's tables . (Filtered Words: 0)
therefore we need guardians to demonstrate against the ghastly stupidity of nuclear weapons and jolt the people out of their complacency '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If anything , the conservative Democrats were more opposed to Hearst than the Republicans . (Filtered Words: 0)
They curl up and die at the sight of something strange and alien -- like a spaceship '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The impression has nevertheless been given during these three days , despite Mr. [FILTERED]'s personal popularity , that the United States delegation came to Oslo in a somewhat tentative and exploratory frame of mind , more ready to listen and learn than to enunciate firm policy on a global scale with detailed application to individual danger spots . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sen. [FILTERED] , R-Cape May , said today [FILTERED] will run well ahead of his GOP opponents for the gubernatorial nomination . (Filtered Words: 2)
To his faint surprise [FILTERED] held up his hand . (Filtered Words: 1)
It listed his wife's age as 74 and place of birth as Opelika , Ala. . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the factor of physical isolation is not a static situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are concerned with aggregate demand for the industry's product . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has never , himself , done anything for which to be hated -- which of us has ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They will give suggestions that can be worked up into field procedures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like [FILTERED] in the outfield . (Filtered Words: 1)
Previous presentations have been on French , Spanish , Russian , Italian , German and Japanese . (Filtered Words: 0)
It resembles , too , pictures such as Durer and Bruegel did , in which all that looks at first to be solely pictorial proves on inspection to be also literary , the representation of a proverb , for example , or a deadly sin . (Filtered Words: 0)
The issue was sufficiently potent in 1935 to spark secession from the American Federation of Labor of its industrial union members . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stared at them curiously . (Filtered Words: 1)
When , in 1832 , the South Carolina nullifiers adopted the principle of state interposition which [FILTERED] had advanced in his old [FILTERED] , they elicited no encouragement from that senior statesman . (Filtered Words: 2)
-- 10 milligrams of diethylstilbestrol per head daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Which theory is more fantastic : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did I see him about to swing low in a chariot ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
The low cost and ease of fabrication of the dies for three-dimensional foam cutting plus the wide variety of shapes , dimensions , and contours that can be tailor-made to customer requirements has made the technique useful for producing case liners , materials handling containers , packaging and cushioning devices , and such novelties as soap dishes , toys , head rests , arch supports , and gas pedal covers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why not you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Mann understood better than most men the incest comedy at the center of the myth and the psychological truth in which dread is shown as the other face as longing was for him just the kind of deep and complicated joke he liked to tell . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ran on his plump sticks of legs , freezing now and again into the sudden startled attitudes which the camera had caught and held on the paling photographs , all carefully placed and glued and labeled , resting in the fat plush album in the bottom drawer of the escritoire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rev , George and Lolotte were mending shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could take place tomorrow night , or it might occur months from now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her brother [FILTERED] was a very gentle soul , her mother was a quiet woman who said little but who had hard , probing eyes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Manufacturers have designed equipment for just such circumstances , and your savings over starting from scratch will be substantial . (Filtered Words: 0)
The shock therapies act likewise on the hypothalamic balance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The victim , [FILTERED] , 38 , of the 900 block North Charles Street , was treated for cuts at Franklin Square Hospital after the robbery . (Filtered Words: 1)
Photos of Conference Rooms and the General Assembly Hall can be made when these rooms are not being used for meetings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abstractions and semi-abstractions by [FILTERED] are being exhibited by the University Gallery of Notre Dame until Nov. 5 . (Filtered Words: 1)
It's easy to see why . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , who knew , that might be coming one of these days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some chaps that know an area well can make their way by landmarks , a tree here , a wash here , a boulder there . (Filtered Words: 0)
He says : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
A man gets old anyhow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
After that Salem ships decided to bypass unfriendly Burma . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] Jury indictments were returned against the pair last week , Detective [FILTERED] reported . (Filtered Words: 2)
The method of destroying the evidence embarrassed [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
they do not move to New York , they move to Harlem . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he made plans for the new Taliesin , [FILTERED] also got on paper his conception of a cathedral of steel and glass to house a congregation of all faiths , and the idea for a planetarium with a sloping ramp . (Filtered Words: 1)
At first the patient felt stronger , and the hemoglobin rose to 13.8 gm. , but on Oct. 20 , 1958 , he complained of `` caving in '' in his knees . (Filtered Words: 0)
This woman repeatedly complained she was `` too tired '' for marital relations . (Filtered Words: 0)
he trusts only himself and his wife . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was , however , fortunate in his contact with Prof. [FILTERED] ( 1769-1842 ) , teacher of chemistry , who , in addition to his academic chair , was also proprietor of the `` Lion Pharmacy '' in Copenhagen where Oersted assisted him . (Filtered Words: 1)
On returning to New York he had a job for several weeks ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You may not be responsible '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rooney remained untouched . (Filtered Words: 0)
heat thoroughly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exboyfriend meet exhusband '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Mr. [FILTERED] and the driver of the sports car waved at each other . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some viewed this attempt as evidence that Mr. [FILTERED] regarded himself as bigger than the party . (Filtered Words: 1)
The dance is but a disguised ritual for the expression of ungratified sexual desire . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dust clogged their throats , and the heat parched them , so that the women were always making ice water . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am a great deal at the little children's Hospital . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Senator had boxed them in with their own restrictions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Igor Oistrakh will be the next soloist on Feb. 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first step is a comprehensive self study made by faculty , by outside consultants , or by a combination of the two . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Leave me your address . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's what I mean about you , [FILTERED] '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Julia moved past . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can't stay here with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has been endlessly rephrased , but I may here put it thus : at what point do the tolerant find themselves obliged to become intolerant ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Pohl and [FILTERED]'s ad men have long since thrown out appeals to reason and developed techniques of advertising which tie in with `` every basic trauma and neurosis in American life '' , which work on the libido of consumers , which are linked to the `` great prime motivations of the human spirit '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You mean that rock-and-roll combo ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an interferometer provides a means of absolute temperature measurement , and may be used as an alternative to the gas thermometer . (Filtered Words: 0)
About noon they came up with the enemy two miles from Lovejoy's Station and deployed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a war to stay out of today , especially in view of the fact that President [FILTERED] apparently does not want United States troops . (Filtered Words: 1)
In a like sense whatever bits or shreds of previous conceptions one may find in it , Utopian communism remains , as an integral whole , original -- a new thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
A young man appeared out of a side alley and walked toward us with quick strides . (Filtered Words: 0)
A close friend of hers in the Roman days described it this way : (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the one exercise that drastically influences the definition of the thighs at the hipline -- that mark of the champion that sets him apart from all other bodybuilders ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was caught driving the day after the sentence was pronounced and given a warning . (Filtered Words: 0)
These proposals would go far toward creating the economic atmosphere favoring growth of the individual , who , in turn , would help us to cope with runaway technology . (Filtered Words: 0)
writes : Do steam baths have any health value ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
With Rex Stout's Nero Wolfe , alienation is represented on a purely physical plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
The power that [FILTERED] exercised during his first administration cannot be determined . (Filtered Words: 1)
and at the infinite variety of London . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upstairs , busy feet , showering like raindrops , pattered around her room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus made three things clear about forgiveness . (Filtered Words: 0)
To music of a menacing darkness , he describes the powers of Satan gaining control of the girl , poisoning her soul with pride and destroying her beauty . (Filtered Words: 0)
The temperature dependent value of **ye was taken from Ref. 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked at the bed unblinkingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kyoto (Filtered Words: 0)
The Old Ones neither helped nor hindered this plan ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On the evening of December 27th , Esther noticed my pallid look and rasping voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
And due to modern resource-use and game management practices , there is still game to shoot , even with the ever-expanding encroachment on land and water . (Filtered Words: 0)
I never could find out what his business was . (Filtered Words: 0)
The choice is yours : God is in your hands , now . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] looked apprehensively ahead at the narrowing , precipice-walled gorge . (Filtered Words: 1)
They attended school and selected courses primarily on the basis of decisions others made ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He expressed surprise to learn that pretty , blonde [FILTERED] , 16 , of Mount Rainier , had attended the [FILTERED] for the Handicapped in Boston . (Filtered Words: 2)
a frigid beauty , and three silly fairies . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hell , yes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part 4 , is a brief summary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] turned from the window draperies . (Filtered Words: 1)
A smart , shrewd and ambitious young man , well connected , and with a knack for getting in the good graces of important people , he was bound to go far . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 7 (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be thought unfortunate that he was called on entirely by accident to perform , if again we may trust the opening of the oratio , for it marks the beginning for us of his use of his peculiar form of witty word play that even in this Latin banter has in it the unmistakable element of viciousness and an almost sadistic delight in verbally tormenting an adversary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our comment was that this was `` featherbedding '' in its ultimate form and that sympathy for the railroad was misplaced since it had entered into such an agreement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dwellers thereabouts preferred to get their apple pies at the local bakery , which had a brick oven fired with redwood billets . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm sorry , I thought to the snake , for you were beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
For weeks I wandered about this neighborhood of warehouses and garages , truck terminals and taxi repair shops , gasoline pumps and longshoremen's lunch counters , yet never did I cease to feel myself a stranger there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without such uncertainty we are left with a set of dogmas and myths . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the system is on automatic leveling , the gyro drift is canceled by the output of the leveling system ( amplifier Af ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We always like to keep the ball as much as we can against Denver because they have such an explosive attack '' , explained Stram . (Filtered Words: 0)
The white policeman standing on a Harlem street corner finds himself at the very center of the revolution now occurring in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like about half of the 1860 - 70 poems , it is a sonnet on a conventional theme -- the unhappiness of love . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was having lunch not long ago ( apologies to [FILTERED] ) with three distinguished historians ( one specializing in the European Middle Ages , one in American history , and one in the Far East ) , and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with `` deliberate speed , majestic instancy '' ( [FILTERED] words for the Hound Of Heaven's Pursuit ) by judicial fiat . (Filtered Words: 2)
The jails were filled to overflowing with political prisoners who had incurred his displeasure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The artist-author said nothing , but stood to one side . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED]s took up residence in Brooklyn , and [FILTERED] found a regular job in Wall Street `` misplacing stocks and bonds '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The first meeting was held in Faneuil Hall , a great big place where we were able to meet members from all the other states . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President said his proposals combine the `` indispensable elements in a sound health program -- people , knowledge , services , facilities , and the means to pay for them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Which would you be most scairt of -- a dry-gulchin' or a shoot-down '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It might be anticipated that multiple coatings will reduce end reflection losses even further . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
Required public education . (Filtered Words: 0)
D'Artaguette went vigorously to work , and gave credit to many hunters . (Filtered Words: 0)
none will be elected . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the great edge the two Yankees have going for them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The conversion will cost a fortune . (Filtered Words: 0)
North to Acadia National Park , Maine , with views of a rockbound coast and dark , magnificent forests . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the historic processes of modernization gradually gain momentum , their cohesion will be threatened by divisive forces , the gaps between rulers and subjects , town and country , will widen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The beer foamed furiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Selecting a farm (Filtered Words: 0)
2 The desire to give [FILTERED] as many starts as possible ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
then , to better purpose , he took hold of the knot and with dextrous fingers , untied it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some phonetic features , for example glottal catch or murmur , are sometimes to be assigned to segmental phonemics and sometimes to accentual systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
undertake economic studies and surveys to determine present and prospective costs of producing water for beneficial consumptive purposes in various parts of the United States by the leading saline water processes as compared with other standard methods . (Filtered Words: 0)
This dirty coward just admitted killing Arbuckle . (Filtered Words: 0)
She softly let herself into the bed , and took her regular side , away from the door , where she slept better because [FILTERED] was between her and the invader . (Filtered Words: 1)
Naturally curly hair runs in my family . (Filtered Words: 0)
So was the attack upon [FILTERED] when [FILTERED] appointed him Ambassador to Moscow . (Filtered Words: 2)
That is not true . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is this loss of initiative in how we conduct our economy which may lead to the loss of initiative in how we conduct our political affairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Citizens took the view that a lawman was expected to risk his life on the odd occasion anyway , but this fighting fury of a man risked it regularly over a period of half a century . (Filtered Words: 0)
Palfrey was also concerned about the question of what wage to pay for their labor throughout 1844 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] [FILTERED] In Point And Figure Technique tells the readers : `` We assure you that the total number of people using this method of market analysis is a very small portion of the sum total of those operating in the securities and commodities markets '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Actually , it was inaudible to anyone not expecting it . (Filtered Words: 0)
New owners (Filtered Words: 0)
It ran two nights , and though it was generally praised , there was considerable criticism of its length . (Filtered Words: 0)
Press clay into mold as instructed in General Directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
For it was [FILTERED]'s type of music that he had been trying to write , and that he couldn't write . (Filtered Words: 1)
but the United States and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics nevertheless did eventually agree on an atomic bomb test ban , and a sort of provisional acceptance of each other's good intentions on this limited question . (Filtered Words: 0)
Direct method . (Filtered Words: 0)
and ( 3 ) the attitudes and opinions of the respondents concerning bidding procedures and the methods of awarding defense contracts . (Filtered Words: 0)
So few answered the question relating to their efforts to assess movable property that the results are inconclusive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two spots open (Filtered Words: 0)
He took a midnight train out of Cleveland Saturday , without an official word to anybody , and has stayed away from newsmen on his train trip across the nation to Reno , Nev. , where his wife , former Olympic Diving Champion Zoe Ann Olsen , awaited . (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctor , with the air of a man whose professional interests have found scope , drew Alex's attention to those excellences which might otherwise have escaped him : the fine color in comb and wattles , the length and quality of neck and saddle hackles , the firm , wide spread of the toes , and a rare justness in the formation of the ear lappets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can't hold her pure little han' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
'' thick and 1'' '' dia. fitted on a 1/8'' '' dia. mandrel . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have a few ' consultants ' -- retired engineers retained and called in on certain problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let me stay and take the pictures you wanted , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Noted artist (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence , the condition of freedom is a necessary condition for choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Often work of this sort is presented as calligraphy -- the pure utterance of the brush stroke seeking only absolute painteresque values . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a brief chapter dealing with `` Various Other Diagnoses '' , he quotes isolated passages from some writers whose views seem to corroborate his own , and finds it `` most remarkable that a critical view of twentieth-century society was already held by a number of thinkers living in the nineteenth . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] believed that much . (Filtered Words: 1)
He cannot avoid observing that some of the children , in spite of their color , remind him of children he has known and loved , perhaps even of his own children . (Filtered Words: 0)
His English was usable and he used it fearlessly . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can do likewise though Christ is not bodily present . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sang so magnificently Saturday night at Hunter College that it seems a pity to have to register any complaints . (Filtered Words: 1)
Following Day was Woodbury who spoke of his disapproval of [FILTERED]'s attempt at servile insurrection , his admiration of [FILTERED]'s character , and his opposition to slavery . (Filtered Words: 2)
Naive of us , maybe , but the results of our impulsive invitations to `` come over next summer and swim in our new pool '' were both unexpected and unsettling . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the price was the silence of the grave for all criticism or opposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet , paradoxically , according to Dr. [FILTERED] , many wives despise their husbands for not standing up to them . (Filtered Words: 1)
Loew's theater presents `` Where The Boys Are '' , an MGM picture produced by [FILTERED] and directed by [FILTERED] from a screenplay by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
The first item in the operand , [FILTERED] , is used to specify the first IOCS index word for programs using tape files . (Filtered Words: 1)
Any example of grand or exquisite diction may have been created by the poet who compiled numerous lays into the two works we possess or may be due to one of his completely unknown fellow-craftsmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , and other qualifications , make the cocktail party the most complete and most chaotic communication system ever dreamed up . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Carwood didn't tell you that '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sniper , whether psychopathic marksman or murderer by intent , would hardly have walked to his vantage point with rifle over shoulder , whistling a marching tune . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why don't [FILTERED] mind his own fucken business ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
He added , `` If this doesn't work out , the three of you barricade yourself in the house and talk terms with them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Success '' and `` failure '' are just convenient labels for the two categories of outcomes when we talk about binomial trials in general . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` When you stand up in public and take vows to strive to set an example before your children and to teach them the fundamentals of the Christian faith , you strive a little harder to uphold those vows '' , explains the slender vice president of the young couples Sunday school class . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We can breathe out there , all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early in 1822 he was at Fort Garry offering to bring in pork , flour , liquor and tobacco . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're awfully kind '' , the girl said . (Filtered Words: 0)
When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : Af (Filtered Words: 0)
To what extent and in what ways did Christianity affect the United States of America in the nineteenth century ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The hotel people will have scoured and vacuumed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are three levels on which to treat the subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dairy (Filtered Words: 0)
The last roof boards are covered with blocks from outside the shelter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyway , I'll bet you have a lot of fun . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But you know how hard it is to get a boy into a good college . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this way the Peace Corps can be launched with its own identity and spirit and yet receive the necessary assistance from those now responsible for United States foreign policy and our overseas operations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Master processes (Filtered Words: 0)
Hearst took a brief respite to hurry home to New York to become a father . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Run 'em right into the spring ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Price competition is lacking . (Filtered Words: 0)
To overcome this unfair judging , the A.K.C. requires that a licensed Handler be present to judge the Class . (Filtered Words: 0)
To proceed from one stage to the next a sufficient number of feed states must be investigated to allow for interpolation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Quite the contrary , as I can testify from personal experience as a former university president . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's nothing like buildin' from the bottom up . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two ratings yield a correlation of , which is not significantly different from zero ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , we should not even to-day discount the fact that a region such as the coastal lowlands centering on Charleston had closer ties with England and the West Indies than with the North even after independence . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What you need is a steady martingale '' , the cowboy announced after watching [FILTERED] play . (Filtered Words: 1)
he has experimented instead with personal myth-making . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do buy meat the day or the day before you intend to cook it . (Filtered Words: 0)
he may take slips of paper from a grab bag . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be the first time I had ever been completely alone with a girl I loved . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why not '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As the material at the command of the potters grew and the volume of their production increased , the local variations within a common style became more evident . (Filtered Words: 0)
He complained to me once that I must talk to her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] possessed remarkable talents for the leadership and development of men . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is a complete synonymy at the beginning of each species description . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , (Filtered Words: 1)
They were bifocals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Working in a vacuum of minimal information can result only in show pieces that look good in exhibitions and catalogs and may please the public relations department but have little to do with the essence of interior design . (Filtered Words: 0)
Digby was not pleased with his promotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though I had a great dread of the island and felt I would never leave it alive , I eagerly wrote down everything she told me about its women . (Filtered Words: 0)
What Parker and his contemporaries -- Gillespie , [FILTERED] , Monk , [FILTERED] ( Tristano is an anomaly ) , etc. -- did was to absorb the musical ornamentation of the older jazz into the basic structure , of which it then became an integral part , and with which it then developed . (Filtered Words: 2)
In representing part of this new picture , I will be recounting some of my own personal experiences , reactions and judgments ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was meant to insult him , and didn't quite succeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , head of Rhode Island Incinerator Service , Inc. , said four of the company's eight trucks were making collections with both newly hired and regular workers . (Filtered Words: 1)
Herold , he saw , had fled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cellulose acetate butyrate is used extensively for vacuum-formed signs , background panels , and molded or formed letters because of its exceptional toughness , ease of forming , and excellent weathering properties . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ambiguity of a non-repetitious kind describes the dilemma one girl found herself in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] sat down in the only unoccupied kitchen chair . (Filtered Words: 1)
of these and a host of other antiquated legends that deny the South its progressive leaps of the past century . (Filtered Words: 0)
We thus have an optimal policy which maximizes the expected value of the objective function for a given Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like most major works of synthesis , The History Of England is informed by the positive views of a first-class mind , and this is surely a major work . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no limit to what you can spend , yet it is easily possible to keep within a set budget . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 7 (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the chief features of this community of interest is the automotive patents cross-licensing agreement , a milestone in the development of American industrial cooperation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] , a graduate of SMU , was married Saturday to [FILTERED] , an honor graduate of Lamar State College of Technology , in the chapel of the First Presbyterian Church of Houston . (Filtered Words: 2)
My mother constituted herself the voice of all of us . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I have chosen to use the word `` mimesis '' in its Christian rather than its classic implications and to discover in the concrete forms of both art and myth powers of theological expression which , as in the Christian mind , are the direct consequence of involvement in historical experience , which are not reserved , as in the Greek mind , only to moments of theoretical reflection . (Filtered Words: 0)
of whom shall I be afraid '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gathered that this had been no small accomplishment . (Filtered Words: 1)
The intuition about mankind conveyed in these opening pages is of crucial importance for understanding the remainder of the text ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
From the very beginning the electoral discussions raised fundamental issues in Moroccan politics , precisely the type of questions that were most difficult to resolve in the new government . (Filtered Words: 0)
They shouldn't be asked to carry any more of the burden . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why , I'm not fit to touch the hem of her garment '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
inculcated with the primacy of group acceptance and group standards ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
At last there was a void no one could fill . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 , (Filtered Words: 0)
Both I and my feelings come up out of a chain of events that fan out into the past into sources that are ultimately very unlike the entity which I now am . (Filtered Words: 0)
When you see a needle in my hands you will know the family buttons have fallen off and I have to sew them back on , or get out the safety pins . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said sharks have no bones and shrimp swam backward . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rector had no idea why [FILTERED] wanted to visit the mission . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ambassador [FILTERED] yesterday described the U.N.'s problem of electing a temporary successor to the late [FILTERED] as `` the gravest crisis the institution has faced '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
At the rear of the auditorium , upstairs , some men tried to push open the door to the box corridor . (Filtered Words: 0)
And they're confident that the GOP , currently assailed by dissensions within the ranks , will be impressed by the purring power beneath the hood of this grassroots-fueled machine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it really that the `` public '' buys at the tops , and not that the market tops out when the `` public '' buys ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They want to own a junior-grade castle , or a manor house , or some modest little place where [FILTERED] might once have staged a pageant for [FILTERED] and all her bearded courtiers . (Filtered Words: 2)
Like [FILTERED] , in my fantasies , I had a proud bearing and , with a skill that was vaguely continental , I would lead [FILTERED] through an evening of dancing and handsome descriptions of my newest exploits , would guide her gently to the night's climax which , in my dreams , was always represented by our almost suffocating one another to death with deep , moist kisses burning with love . (Filtered Words: 2)
It has been my lot all through life to associate with eminent scientists and at times to discuss with them the deepest and most vital of all questions , the nature of the hope of a life beyond this . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's all I ask , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
What now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This time as a musician . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Stanford Achievement Test , Form J , was administered by classroom teachers , consisting of a battery of six sub-tests : Paragraph Meaning , [FILTERED] , Spelling , Language , Arithmetic Computation , and Arithmetic Reasoning . (Filtered Words: 1)
yet he knew that he had nothing to grumble about , for Argiento made few demands on him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything was as I had left it the night before last -- her portfolio and bag for town , her lingerie and dress and shoes laid out only her mink coat was missing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although we are still far from a complete understanding of these problems , as a first approximation , it is suggested that alterations in the hypothalamic balance with consequent changes in the hypothalamic-cortical discharges account for major changes in behavior seen in various moods and states of emotions in man and beast under physiological circumstances , in experimental and clinical neurosis , and as the result of psychopharmacological agents . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll be in there swinging '' , [FILTERED] said , `` but in a way , sir , you've got to decide it yourself . (Filtered Words: 1)
A parallel function for philosophy is the study of the relation between perceptions experientially received and conceptions logically formed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The acceptance of collective bargaining as a national policy in 1934 , implicit in the writing of Section 7A of the National Industrial Recovery Act , has made it impolitic to oppose collective bargaining in principle . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hell , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] notes , however , that most of the school boards in the State do not do so . (Filtered Words: 1)
The polyester urethane foam is generally produced with adipic acid polyesters ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Alix and [FILTERED] on their wedding day . (Filtered Words: 1)
He forced himself to be deliberate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly , it is the traditional clarity of his music which has endeared him to the Western World -- not his experimentations . (Filtered Words: 0)
He put the shells on the table , as though he could no longer bear to hold them . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , `` Well , I guess we can't wait any longer . (Filtered Words: 1)
The process of erosion need only undermine the tradition and a series of consequences begin unfolding within the individual , while in institutions a quiet but deep transformation of processes occurs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consciousness is the factor that provides the progressive continuity to sensory impressions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He may have to depend upon custom service for specialized operations , such as spraying or threshing , and for these , he may have to wait his turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or , what amounts to the same thing , if one die is tossed three times , each toss is a trial , and the three tosses form the experiment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , [FILTERED] thought , That'll save . (Filtered Words: 1)
Assessment of value . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are private interests sufficiently involved to be consulted ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Pilot lagoon (Filtered Words: 0)
Then maybe next time he won't be so quick on the trigger '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
right-of-entry plus enforcement authority ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She had talked her `` boy friend '' into sending her to New York to take a screen test . (Filtered Words: 0)
Men have always lived in a tentative world , and in suspension of ultimate judgments where and when necessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
To my knowledge , Lincoln remains the only Head of State and Commander-in-Chief who , while fighting a fearful war whose issue was in doubt , proved man enough to say this publicly -- to give his foe the benefit of the fact that in all human truth there is some error , and in all our error , some truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the contrary , through the past six weeks violence has been piled upon violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had never seen so much money . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the second-order theory , one of the normal stress differences can be calculated from the first-order stress relaxation function . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirty-four (Filtered Words: 0)
It must have been with some pleasure and relief that on September 12 , 1848 , [FILTERED] made the momentous entry in his job book , in his characteristically cryptic style , `` Lucian Sharpe came to work for me this day as an apprentice '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] moved in and picked up his gun . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] shook his head . (Filtered Words: 1)
The new site was somewhat warmer than Fort Douglas and much closer to the great herds of buffalo on which the settlement must depend for food . (Filtered Words: 0)
But before discussing it , I should like to record one vote of thanks to them for the clarity with which they have stated their case . (Filtered Words: 0)
The poem consisted of only two words , the word `` Wait '' , repeated over and over at irregular intervals and with different inflections , and then the word `` Now '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Harvey criticized (Filtered Words: 0)
One evening , while a volley-ball game was being played in the yard among the prisoners remaining there , a simulated melee was staged -- just as the gates were opened to admit other prisoners returning from work . (Filtered Words: 0)
( opposite page , right top ) : Stoneware clay was used . (Filtered Words: 0)
there is none who understands ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It rests the tissues '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several were firing into the barn when [FILTERED] arrived . (Filtered Words: 1)
They were in fact quietly laughing at him , for their King wished to have nothing to do with the Western world . (Filtered Words: 0)
We must be ready for any needed sacrifice '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The half-man received a dromozootic implant , turned red in the face , shouted senselessly at [FILTERED] , `` Take it out , you fool ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
The Latin , for example , was not only clear ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The extrapolation may be in error for several reasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
If and when [FILTERED] decided to tell him about his experiences , he would do so unasked . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You people don't have adjustable vision '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] Dutchess County , past the white church at Fishkill , past Verplanck's Point on the east bank of the Hudson , to the white salt-crusted roads of the Long Island Rockaways there was a watching and an activity of preparing for something explosive to happen . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'd tell him everything I'd learned about [FILTERED]'s habits and habitat , and he'd tell me the score on Radic . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may appear that we were cruel and callous , but no one had time to spend sympathizing with poor Isaac -- except the Reverend . (Filtered Words: 0)
While The Space Merchants indicates , as [FILTERED] has correctly observed , some of the `` impending consequences of the growth of industrial and commercial power '' and satirizes `` existing habits in the advertising profession '' , its warning and analysis penetrate much deeper . (Filtered Words: 1)
IBM has a machine that can understand spoken words and talk back . (Filtered Words: 0)
During this period 7,484,268 members were received , yet the net membership now is only 9,910,741 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was he ever successful , Theresa wondered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never have to . (Filtered Words: 0)
so that the absence of the hymen is by no means positive proof that a girl has had sex relations . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , suppose we hold a court of inquiry , then what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Umm , uhhu '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eight , nine steps above him , [FILTERED] had paused . (Filtered Words: 1)
They recooned as how you'uns all would be a heap wus to we'uns all ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , clerk of the board , said that the appeals will be reviewed in December at the time the board is visiting new construction sites in the town for assessment purposes . (Filtered Words: 1)
They , too , need to learn to delegate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The front part of my head was called a face , and I could talk with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
This added a personal zest to class discussions and participation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spirit and community (Filtered Words: 0)
Adams depended largely on the dispatches of foreign ambassadors and observers in England , claiming that the reports of such agents had to be accurate because there were no newspapers . (Filtered Words: 0)
This year several entries from Canada were entered which made the Junior Class International . (Filtered Words: 0)
Answer (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then see that your youngster has a routine checkup once a year '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most valuable player award was split three ways , among [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
But what could I do ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
) He smiled , and said a word or two to the interpreter , who turned to me , `` The President wonders where you are going after you leave Taipei '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have taught him a lesson '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At four o'clock in the afternoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a straightforward denial of the spiritual world and a vigorous defense of pure materialism . (Filtered Words: 0)
I lived to see an envelope of hers in the morning mail and to lock myself in my room in the afternoon to reread her letter for the tenth time and finally prepare an answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is becoming increasingly evident that such a hope is a snare . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED]'s latest warning to the Communist world that the United States will build up its military strength to meet any challenge in Berlin or elsewhere was , somewhat surprisingly , reported in full text or fairly accurate excerpts behind the Iron Curtain . (Filtered Words: 1)
One of [FILTERED]'s most serious shortcomings , however , was his mistrust of his cavalry . (Filtered Words: 1)
He moved the flights over against one wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deans can form an important bridge between the president and the faculty . (Filtered Words: 0)
A small single switchboard was installed in the Village over [FILTERED]'s hardware store ( later E. H. Hemenway's ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
The dice were cast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her lover precedes her in death , at the wheel , and presumably he too has chosen . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have a brief glimpse of the Tsar's public personality , the `` official [FILTERED] , but our real focus is on the excitement of the crowd -- a significant contrast with its halfhearted acclamation in the opening scene , its bitter resentment and fury in the final act . (Filtered Words: 1)
The garden supplies enough carrots , turnips , rutabagas , potatoes , beets , cabbage and squash to store for winter meals in the root cellar . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] smiled modestly . (Filtered Words: 1)
There should even be no more bitter surprises in the UN General Assembly as to NATO members' votes , since a new ad hoc NATO committee has been set up so that in the future such topics as Angola will be discussed in advance . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a symposium and general exploration of the field of Personal Perception and Interpersonal Behavior the discussion does not touch upon this aspect of the subject , with one possible exception ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Arm your guns , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It consists in saying , ' That would be sending the goat to look after the cabbage . (Filtered Words: 0)
An ordinary point will be any point of intersection A such that in every neighborhood of A in the C-plane , Af meets both the interior and the exterior of C . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over 400 Portland firms contributed funds for the maintenance of Junior Achievement headquarters here . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe a further gain is in prospect for 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All wrong ones '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , it can be readily seen that the cutting and peeling types of failure show a steady state response , while the cracking mechanism is of a dynamic nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] can ride in the forward cockpit where the helmsman has a clear view . (Filtered Words: 1)
The ages of the slaves ranged from sixty-five , for an old house servant , to an unnamed newborn child . (Filtered Words: 0)
it asserts emotion without evoking it -- that is to say , it is sentimental . (Filtered Words: 0)
Emotionally , they penetrated him not at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would attempt to bring supplies from St. Louis or Prairie Du Chien at `` great expense as well as danger '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since Mr. [FILTERED] had to give a lecture , Rachel and Scotty drove home alone in the Plymouth . (Filtered Words: 1)
Is one of Mr. [FILTERED]' strong beliefs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now the original absent sitter must decide whether the statements are meaningful to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fish hawk , his wings not moving , circled and glided lower . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had two interests in life : the pleasures of the table and driving . (Filtered Words: 0)
This the therapist may pursue in later questioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't you and [FILTERED] ever use your brains '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
They can have as much tactile appeal as flesh and bone '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each brass handle and hinge shone for his reward , and he knew how to get at the dust in the china flowers and how to take down the long glass drops which hung from the chandelier . (Filtered Words: 0)
They went up against an SS unit of comparable size , over a little rise of ground , over an open field . (Filtered Words: 0)
See illustration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another spot with an image-provoking name is the Black Hills where you can visit the old frontier mining town of Deadwood . (Filtered Words: 0)
The intimal surface of the aorta was covered with confluent , yellow-brown , hard , friable plaques along its entire course , and there was a marked narrowing of the orifices of the large major visceral arteries . (Filtered Words: 0)
With curiosity and elan , he explored every inch of glen , beach and burn , once stranding himself for hours on a ledge high up a sheer seventy-foot cliff and waiting with calm faith to be rescued by Maxwell , who nearly lost his life in doing so . (Filtered Words: 0)
This leaves the ordering of entries variable . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Off-flavor is a less severe problem with the radiopasteurization of meats , but problems of commercial acceptability remain . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the starlight he could see the trees stripped of their leaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a horror . (Filtered Words: 0)
but there is much here also which bears directly on his personal quarrel with Swift . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked hopefully , as she recognized the Scout Service uniform . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently he was not a participant in the college or university theatricals , which he once attacked as utterly unworthy performances ( see Apology , 3:300 ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Up spoke carpenter [FILTERED] , who said he wouldn't give ten pounds to be home . (Filtered Words: 1)
He snatched at it savagely . (Filtered Words: 0)
The State Ballet of Rhode Island , the first incorporated group , was formed for the purpose of extending knowledge of the art of ballet in the Community , to promote interest in ballet performances , to contribute to the cultural life of the State , and to provide opportunity for gifted dance students who , for one reason or another , are unable to pursue a career and to develop others for the professional state ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This was one of the Irish women who had built their own huts down near the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
index words 97 through 99 are not available . (Filtered Words: 0)
This so infuriated [FILTERED] that he spun around and said : `` I'll get that little bastard . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] writes only about Europe in this book and frequently of such familiar places as London , Vienna , the French Riviera and the Norwegian fjords . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is to say that this was not a course in wise buying or money spending methods , nor a course in how to raise children . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there are also the commercial propagandists and the analysts -- one dominated by money , the other by nineteenth-century German scholarship . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) the actual selling and buying practices of the respondents ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They are used mainly for their oil . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let the water and the blood From Thy riven side flow ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Race-drivers , on the other hand , are quite often killed on the circuit , and since it was obviously Mr. [FILTERED]'s intention to establish automobile racing as life in microcosm , one might reasonably have expected him to demonstrate precise knowledge not only of techniques but of mores and attitudes . (Filtered Words: 1)
On May 15 , a very large increase occurred with Af of mass between Af and Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It should not be postponed later than the next day . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one told on Ludie , not even when he slipped live grasshoppers into the mite-box . (Filtered Words: 0)
His tone is the weakest part of his equipment ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the four boys and two girls , the youngest nineteen years of age , the oldest twenty-four , came from varying backgrounds and had different professional and personal interests , there was surprising agreement among them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The telephone rang . (Filtered Words: 0)
Already the city was filled with Barbudos , the bearded , war-dirty Revolutionaries , carrying carbines , waving to the crowds that lined the Prado . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rebs who owned slaves occasionally would include in their letters admonitions or greetings to members of the Negro community . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the years that immediately followed were to be extraordinarily trying , both for [FILTERED] and his [FILTERED] lady . (Filtered Words: 2)
Well , a man had tried , at the King [FILTERED] , to register with an ocelot . (Filtered Words: 1)
Patience needed (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was back on his feet again and about to reinstall the fuses , however , he hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hesitated a second , looking at the bottle , before he said `` Sure-sure '' , and I reassured him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie found it immensely funny . (Filtered Words: 0)
The story reflects the way too many people feel . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for his promise -- oh , he had plenty of time , buckets of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make lid for sugar bowl the same as jar lids , omitting design disk . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Picture ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s apple pie (Filtered Words: 1)
Under scrutiny , two of the witnesses said , were payments and loans to Stein's National Maintenance company at 543 Madison St. . (Filtered Words: 0)
He inwardly cried . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hemphill said the Hughes concern contracted to do the repairs at a cost of $500 for each joint . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter how devoted a man was , no matter how fully he gave his life to the Lord , he could never extinguish that one spark of pride that gave him definition as an individual . (Filtered Words: 0)
A drawing of the structure is to be found in reference 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sessions should cover four major areas : A (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the two , [FILTERED] is by nature the less outgoing , [FILTERED] the more outspoken . (Filtered Words: 2)
Her woolly-minded parent agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
he had helped fight an oil-well fire that raged six days and nights . (Filtered Words: 0)
girls , who are more mature than boys , frown upon the youthful antics of boys of their own age . (Filtered Words: 0)
More campers than campsites (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , we should recognize that the obstacles to change and the lack of cohesion and stability which characterize these countries may make them particularly prone to diversions and external adventures of all sorts . (Filtered Words: 0)
in a certain sense , one manner of experience will be typical of any given group while another will not . (Filtered Words: 0)
these films and these sequences are also seeking out -- instinctively or by design -- the peculiarly cinematic elements of narrative . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Robinson slammed a long double to left center to score both runners . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ejaculated the surprised woman , looking at Alex for an explanation but he , parting from her without ceremony , only offered a few words about the doctor's provincial American speech and a state of nerves brought on by the demands of his work . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've never done this before '' , they always said , shaking their dresses down over their white shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
She's got more guts than any other woman in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our media advertising continued , during 1960 , its previous effective program that stressed such specifics as 100% financing , plant availabilities , and location advantages . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think that all Americans will resent deeply the statements made about President [FILTERED] by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Caution : (Filtered Words: 0)
There might have been a fence or a house just over the next rise ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] played well and his favorite song was a [FILTERED] lullaby . (Filtered Words: 2)
In some units , National Forest ownership is well blocked together . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got a good fat job and we congratulate him on his good luck . (Filtered Words: 0)
One should not , of course , pluck the head off a flower and expect its perfume to linger on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let me prove it , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then the Bonaventure seemed to disintegrate with a roar of live steam , geysers of sparks and flames , and a dense cloud of black-and-orange smoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reactionary theories , for this reason , usually assume some form of organismic theory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now there is no reason in the world why a matchmaker in Ireland should happen also to be a talented soft-shoe dancer and gifted improviser of movements of the limbs , torso and neck , except that these talents add immensely to the enjoyment of the play . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such were the qualities of the Acting-President of the [FILTERED] after the death of Miss [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
My batting average '' (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned from [FILTERED] and took [FILTERED] in his arms . (Filtered Words: 3)
[FILTERED]'s mother died not long after his marriage , and there was even less [FILTERED] money left . (Filtered Words: 2)
Again Reverend Corder saved the bridge when Union soldiers planned to destroy it , after filling its two lanes with hay and straw -- but for what reason is not recorded nor remembered , certainly not because of pressure from an opposing Confederate force . (Filtered Words: 0)
I assumed it was one of those hour-long conversations with Dolly or Constance , she comfortable in bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
C (Filtered Words: 0)
He snuggled into the blanket . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , the records were dusty . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you have an annual or regular physical examination program , is it worth what it is costing you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Department of Agriculture averaged out U.S. food consumption last year at 1,488 lbs. per person , which , allowing for the 17 million Americans that [FILTERED] said go to bed hungry every night , means that certain gluttons on the upper end must somehow down 8 lbs. or more a day . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of straight dramas , there are All The Way Home , which owes much of its poetic power to the James Agee novel , A Death In The Family ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the abrupt end of Blue Throat's dictatorship in Petrie . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] Food Technician First Class is not sad ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
I was so cruel to Tolley , so unfair . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there wasn't no use in me staying there . (Filtered Words: 0)
What was true for archaeology was also true of place-name studies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only when a decision is rendered by the District Court of Appeal ( or , of course , the Supreme Court ) is a binding precedent established . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps the outstanding standard bearer of Mr. [FILTERED]'s tradition for accuracy was Mr. [FILTERED] , whose mechanical genius closely paralleled that of Mr. [FILTERED] , and whose particular forte was the development of the exceedingly accurate measuring machinery that enabled [FILTERED] & Sharpe to manufacture gages , and therefore its products , with an accuracy exceeding anything then available elsewhere in the world . (Filtered Words: 3)
There will be no mitigation of these offences until all art schools , whether independent or attached to universities have separate accreditation -- as do medical schools -- by an art accreditation group such as the `` National Association of Schools of Art '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accident , murder , suicide -- take your pick '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These cities and towns include Bristol , Glocester , Pawtucket , Cumberland , [FILTERED] , and Woonsocket . (Filtered Words: 1)
Intelligence , as used herein , will include information on possible opponents and on the environment which can affect operations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mantle's hero was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Back and forth [FILTERED] had to go , between [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] and between the Duke D'Aumont and [FILTERED] again , as his little operetta , The Village Soothsayer , though still unperformed , took on ever more importance . (Filtered Words: 4)
The policies which govern the program 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He invited Mr. [FILTERED] to stop by to say hello if he ever visited the academy and then added that he was on the managerial staff of the freshman football team (Filtered Words: 1)
As Brother [FILTERED] sang five `` blues '' to the guitar and drum accompaniments of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , Mr. [FILTERED] and Miss [FILTERED] went through volatile dances that were by turns insinuating , threatening , contemptuous and ecstatic . (Filtered Words: 5)
While driving the cow back home the woman was assaulted by a servant maid of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Furthermore , the hydrolysis of paraoxon was studied in mammalian sera , and it was found that it is hydrolyzed by albumin ( or a factor attached to it ) in addition to arylesterase . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inner life of congregations will prosper so long as like-minded people of similar social and economic level can fraternize together ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A brief course in hydraulics from the pool builders may well be appreciated in a future crisis . (Filtered Words: 0)
So why don't you be a good boy and '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
After 18 years in the personnel office , she has taken a disability pension on advice of her doctors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rationale for this avoidance was most frequently expressed in economic terms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The landlord had died . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , all suggestions that some sort of societal responsibility existed for the welfare of the people within the territorial state was strongly resisted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , she would be baited into a tantrum -- teased and provoked until she lost control of herself , and thus lost still another battle in the maddening struggle of Tom Lord Vs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rachel said , `` I'd better get him to bed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He walked with a heavy list to the right , as that leg was four inches shorter than the other , but the lurch did not reduce his feline quickness with his guns . (Filtered Words: 0)
We use the term `` bio-medicine '' because of the close interrelation between biology and medical research . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll remember you '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , for this week , but they wasn't due 'till Saturday . (Filtered Words: 0)
The North should thank its stars that such has been the case ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of lead as long as the market price for common lead at New York , New York , as determined by the Secretary , is below 14-1/2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 75 per centum of the difference between 14-1/2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary . (Filtered Words: 0)
These warnings must not be treated lightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
since my silence must have ended when I gave the purposed volume to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Udall argues that Interior affairs should cover a great deal more than dams and wildlife preserves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check on the schools in the area , the quality of teaching , and the provision for transportation to and from them . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] cursed again , and entered the barn . (Filtered Words: 1)
Everybody but [FILTERED] seemed to think it was charming when they called , `` Bifutek-san '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
The company , in figuring its taxable earnings , deducted a percentage of the revenue it received for its finished products . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Really something '' , he said , aloud . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Board of County Commissioners , the Sanitary Commission , the Planning and Zoning Board and other county official bodies use recording machines for all public business in order to prevent law suits and other misunderstandings about what actually happened at their meetings . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't you be afraid , Violet '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Two noted troupes from overseas will get the fall dance season off to a sparkling start . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the Connally amendment has the effect of giving the same right to the other party to a dispute with the United States , it also prevents us from using the court effectively . (Filtered Words: 0)
rather , it underpins and reinforces that literalness , re-creates it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 140,414 Americans who gave `` the last full measure of devotion '' to prevent disunion , preserved individual freedom in the United States from the dangers of anarchy , inherent in confederations , which throughout history have proved fatal in the end to all associations composed primarily of sovereign states , and to the liberties of their people . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Janice , nobody answers at the apartment '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The petition listed the mayor's occupation as `` attorney '' and his age as 71 . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of the performance , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] came out into the brilliantly lit foyer among a surge of gowned and tuxedoed first nighters . (Filtered Words: 2)
Be a scorcher by afternoon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the small vessels were filled with fibrin thrombi , and there was extensive interstitial hemorrhage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Total distance is about 21/64'' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lack of adequate data on the aerated lagoon system prompted the developer to construct an aerated lagoon pilot plant to determine its feasibility for treating domestic sewage . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's go out '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This function is staffed by engineers chosen for their technical competence and who have the title , member of the technical staff . (Filtered Words: 0)
description of formula . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was nothing specifically wrong with Edythe , but there was absolutely nothing right about her either . (Filtered Words: 0)
the term `` United States '' includes the several States and the District of Columbia , and excludes the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled at him wetly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Extend the number of classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then she saw Ramey and her face was misshapen with bewilderment . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was something almost insulting in her tone , but I disregarded it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even when he is called upon for impromptu remarks , he has notes written on the back of handy envelopes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result was fortunate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The collective by which I address you in the title above is neither patronizing nor jocose but an exact industrial term in use among professional thieves . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s fiction is supported by a `` moral '' backbone and in its search for ultimate meaning hints at a religious dimension . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here I do not speak of military power where our advantage is obvious and overwhelming but of political power -- of influence , if you will -- about which the relevant questions are : Is Soviet influence throughout the world greater or less than it was ten years ago ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
People died , she would have said , in hospitals , or in cars on the highway at night . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm studying anatomy with [FILTERED] '' , he replied . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now it would have another death . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upper teeth completely covering the lowers when the back teeth close . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't even pretended to be farming his spread . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they say that under no circumstances would it ever be right to `` permit '' the termination of the human race by human action , because there could not possibly be any proportionate grave reason to justify such a thing , they know exactly what they mean . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is always a market for this line of work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grab samples were collected from the existing oxidation pond to determine its operating conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man and a girl happen to meet ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She was a living doll and no mistake -- the blue-black bang , the wide cheekbones , olive-flushed , that betrayed the Cherokee strain in her Midwestern lineage , and the mouth whose only fault , in the novelist's carping phrase , was that the lower lip was a trifle too voluptuous . (Filtered Words: 0)
First Flyer ( Frisco [FILTERED] ) looks like a splendid candidate for the Illinois Stakes . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] of Hillsboro , [FILTERED] of North Plains and Lorlyn and [FILTERED] of Hillsboro . (Filtered Words: 3)
This serum exhibited titers of 1 : 16 in albumin and 1 : 256 by the indirect Coombs test . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s first impression of the lobby was gloomy , Victorian dignity -- black walnut and red plush , a black and white tiled floor , and Persian rugs . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is the principal point made in this final section of Englishman No. 57 , and it caps Steele's efforts in his other writing of these months to counteract the notion of the Tories as a `` Church Party '' supported by the body of the clergy . (Filtered Words: 0)
But where ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A lone pro-Hearst voice from New York City was that of [FILTERED] , who had been expelled as a Tammany leader but still claimed strong influence in his own district . (Filtered Words: 1)
The upper limit was determined by the difficulty of measuring the characteristic anode surface temperature ( see below ) since only a small region of the anode was struck by the arc . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deputy Marshal Luke Harper still stood guard on the veranda , a forlorn , scarecrowish figure in the murky dark . (Filtered Words: 0)
I want you to go to Pearson City and find out why -- first-hand stuff for your modern crime series . (Filtered Words: 0)
Off to the west a beautiful schooner slowly beat its way into the wind , headed on a tack toward San Clemente . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
House Speaker [FILTERED] ( D. , Tex. ) called the [FILTERED] program `` a mighty fine thing '' , but made no prediction on its fate in the House . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was not that they had been contracted for during the interval ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The principal mauler , however , was Senator [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The socialist environment , it was stated , had cross-fertilized these two extreme seeds and was about to produce a new plant and fruit . (Filtered Words: 0)
With many company policies you get a fleet discount if you insure five or more rigs . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
His statements about sports and exercises of a physical nature are suggestive , but inconclusive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jennie had shouted each time . (Filtered Words: 0)
How did it happen , for example , that the state university , that great symbol of American democracy , failed to flourish in New England as it did in other parts of the country ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Without a great acceleration in the metropolitan area's economy , there will not be sufficient jobs for the growing numbers of youngsters , and St. Louis will slip into second-class status . (Filtered Words: 0)
I studied [FILTERED] closely as the trial progressed for any hint which might give me a lead as to how he might be thwarted . (Filtered Words: 1)
The symptoms Saturday night were unmistakable . (Filtered Words: 0)
His son watched until he got as far as the hall , almost out of sight , then hurried after . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had reached the house as [FILTERED] surmised , dismounted , but just as the old trapper opened the door to receive him , he fell into the trapper's arms -- dead . (Filtered Words: 2)
I have said before how difficult it is to make any precise statements with regard to the character of the Greek and Elizabethan public . (Filtered Words: 0)
I won't bite , you know '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also asked Congress to approve establishment of a national child health institute . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s devil sauce (Filtered Words: 1)
New ideas for improving nutrition came with the study of soil treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
People who have mastered [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , Marx , Freud , and the Bible find this statement utterly impenetrable . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` Well , for ten years I've been murdering women . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll collar [FILTERED] before night '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A range of bluffs hugged the horizon , the color of decaying moss . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interest rates are determined by the board of directors of the bank with the approval of the Farm Credit Administration . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
Hell , she couldn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not until they sailed home at the end of the day , through a sea strewn with bodies and the wreckage of houses , were they aware of what had happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually it would be more accurate to say that the leader of the alliance now has swung fully behind the British policy of seeking to achieve a neutral Laos via the international bargaining table . (Filtered Words: 0)
Community property deal -- you know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dams , river development schemes , transportation networks , educational systems require years to construct . (Filtered Words: 0)
This refers to what had happened after the Earl of Warwick died in 1590 , when the town petitioned Burghley for the right to name the vicar and schoolmaster and other privileges but [FILTERED] bought the lordship for himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
and this he could do only by going over its mass with the tracing procedure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The presentation was made before several hundred persons at the annual meeting of the League at Olney Hall , College of Marin , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
And you've got to be ready to cut to ribbons anybody who wants to take your way of life away from you '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
They count on the aid of the neutral countries attending the Geneva conference to achieve this . (Filtered Words: 0)
The frequently postulated antique worry that the daylight hours might dwindle to complete darkness apparently gave rise to a ritual and celebration which we still recognize . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man leaned against a tree and wiped a sleeve across his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm telling you . (Filtered Words: 0)
but in this respect it was merely following the accepted Chinese convention for all maps . (Filtered Words: 0)
After 108 games in 1927 , [FILTERED] had 35 home runs . (Filtered Words: 1)
The game players saw the Air Force film Monday , ran for 30 minutes , then went in , while the reserves scrimmaged for 45 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the practice of their art , there is an obvious technical resemblance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fury Hanover ( Hoot Mon-Fay ) , 2:30.3-:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a narrow road , barely wide enough for two cars to pass . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purchasers rejected the order in two letters written in vigorous terms . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was an enormously long building whose walls were made of rocks , some of them brought home from every continent during his six years as an oil geologist . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reaction of chlorine with carbon tetrachloride seemed particularly suited for such studies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without taking off his coat , he sat in the blue chair which still faced the closed bedroom door . (Filtered Words: 0)
How many times must we get burned before we learn ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A sleepy voice answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the thing for us to do is to find ourselves a couple of those wonderful flowering currants such as the red [FILTERED] sanguineum of our Pacific Northwest , or otherwise a good sloe tree , or perhaps some nice pussy willow in bloom , preferably one with male or staminate catkins . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a neat setup for murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
International Champion of the year (Filtered Words: 0)
She didn't move or say anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
The water splashes into shoulder-high tracts of fernery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
And he could no longer think of face-saving , of honor , but only of escape . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've been waiting to get these things done for months '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so do the prostitutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
With any luck at all he could easily find a flowerpot . (Filtered Words: 0)
After what seemed several seconds , the open mouth grew dark inside then blood began to ooze from it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED]'s call to action (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] of [FILTERED] were awarded $55,000 damages from the state in Superior Court yesterday for industrial property which they owned at 83 Atwells Ave. , Providence , and which was condemned for use in construction of Interstate Route 95 . (Filtered Words: 3)
Like Mr. [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] is both composer and lyriist for Milk And Honey ( R. C. A. Victor LOC 1065 ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
In the final analysis , then , the user becomes either a bull or a bear in a given instance , notwithstanding any amount of forethought and calculation , however elaborate . (Filtered Words: 0)
He flew over Rome one day during the early days of [FILTERED] and scattered leaflets over the city , denouncing the Fascists . (Filtered Words: 1)
It may not be profitable for a part-time farmer to own the labor-saving machinery that a full-time farmer can invest in profitably . (Filtered Words: 0)
The East Greenwich Free Library receives financial support from the town of East Greenwich and the City of Warwick to supplement its endowment . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had lived all his life waiting for her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would he meet him in Baltimore in Drawing Room A , Car Three on the train leaving Washington at nine o'clock next morning ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
she could dust the plants , then break off suddenly and pick up an old novel and read from the middle on ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All contributed will be acknowledged . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Mrs. [FILTERED] was in mourning , she did not wear black . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No , the decision is yours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only that curious , animal grunting [FILTERED] had heard during their fight . (Filtered Words: 1)
Christiana Securities Company and Delaware Realty & Investment Company , major stockholders in Du Pont , and the stockholders of Delaware were dealt with specially by provisions requiring the annual sale by a trustee , again over a ten-year period , of Du Pont's General Motors stock allocable to them , as well as any General Motors stock which Christiana and Delaware owned outright . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s class was doing Fine Arts , a selective subject in her crowded program . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was doing most of the talking . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They threaten to strike . (Filtered Words: 0)
As an Alsatian before the first World War he was of course of German nationality ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And you wonder if that is why the little man lost his job and his car and stayed drunk about a year before he straightened out and moved to St. Louis , where he got to be a big unhappy success . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who enter the front door of the church intelligently and with Christian dedication will not so easily step through the back door because of lost interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drinking with meals is also discouraged ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now that you offer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One afternoon during a cold , powdery snowstorm , Fogg took off for Concord from the St. John field . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a moment he could make no sense at all of what he saw . (Filtered Words: 0)
But not hard for very long . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- You'll be visiting Miss [FILTERED] , Ma'am '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
He's used to me bringing home strange men . (Filtered Words: 0)
They entered the bedroom , and Dolores said nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
To act otherwise would be to admit his helplessness . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tightened his turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why didn't the damn Reactionaries bump him off ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And I had no doubts about how true this love was . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the preceding remarks , it is clear that such a bundle is transformed into itself in an involutorial fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same conclusions can be drawn from the other physical evidence of the Dark ages , from linguistic distribution , and from the survivals of early social , political , and religious patterns into later ages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington , March 11 ( UPI ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
of course , they do not reflect sincerity , but they exhibit a concern to make a good job out of his pious impersonation . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a word of caution , we should be aware that in actual practice no message is purely one of the four types , question , command , statement , or exclamation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eugenia sighed . (Filtered Words: 0)
That goddamn redheader was the worst . (Filtered Words: 0)
Providing an incentive (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] v. United States , supra . (Filtered Words: 1)
These frescos have had no care for eighty years . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What do you and [FILTERED] talk about at home '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
But now music too ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Demonstrating the primitive African rhythmic backgrounds of the [FILTERED] was [FILTERED] , who plays such native drums as the konga and even does a resounding job slapping his own chest . (Filtered Words: 2)
Without a tremor , `` God forbid '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The study of the St. Louis area's economic prospects prepared for the Construction Industry Joint Conference confirms and reinforces both the findings of the Metropolitan St. Louis Survey of 1957 and the easily observed picture of the Missouri-Illinois countryside . (Filtered Words: 0)
What explains this uni-directional paralysis ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
According to the theory underlying odd-lot indices , the trader who trades odd lots is most likely a small trader , one who can't afford to trade round lots . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who played drums , hasn't seen his chum since . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Haven't the faintest , Captain '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What does a monk know about sex '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His return for the period January 1 to June 20 , 1961 , is due April 16 , 1962 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next we imagine our blizzard raging over all the land areas of the entire globe -- North America , South America , Europe , Asia , and Africa , all covered with peas four feet deep ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Constant problem (Filtered Words: 0)
Why don't you ask him '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted no more sentimental scenes with her . (Filtered Words: 0)
and both believed that intellectual growth must go hand in hand with the development of sturdy character and Christian zeal . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the railway station at Berlin , a uniformed attendant was chanting , ' Foreigners this way ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Their eyes turned cold and accusing , even Via's . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as thousands that day in Portugal had seen the sun dancing in the sky , he had seen the same thing later in his own garden , and she turned to Agnese for confirmation . (Filtered Words: 0)
She concluded by asking for a brief interview -- `` to settle with you where '' -- and she threw in a tribute to his `` gentle manners '' and `` the wild originality of your countenance '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet with all this knowledge I had nothing of substance to unravel our case , as you would call it , till yesterday . (Filtered Words: 0)
If one finger is raised against the authorities , all our moral power will vanish . (Filtered Words: 0)
Normally , because agricultural labor is not covered by unemployment insurance , we would not expect any issues to arise regarding benefit payments under the trade dispute provision of the Unemployment Insurance Code , although such a situation is quite within the realm of possibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was foolish and snobbish to wear clothing when none of these nice people did . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that Mr. [FILTERED] does not make the most of his role . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a gargantuan task ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In New Jersey , too (Filtered Words: 0)
Husbandry was bounded by snake-rail fences , and there were grazing cattle . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But if you say you managed it '' The stranger was hooked . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We had concluded that no race as ephemeral as yours could have had time to develop a sense of justice . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's quite a rat , you know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Subjects (Filtered Words: 0)
Near the end of the Hippodrome I came upon the Built Column , a truncated obelisk of blocks , all that remains of a monument that once rivalled the Colossus of Rhodes . (Filtered Words: 0)
For loan to the Government of India under subsection ( G ) of Section 104 of the Act , the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may be mutually agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm telling you , if these corpses ever knew the trouble they put us to , they'd think twice before letting themselves get knocked off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wide range in bids (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , third-grade children were chosen as subjects for this study . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 (Filtered Words: 0)
Information beyond nearest neighbor is carried second- , third- , and fourth-hand as a distortable rumor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Single-seeded dry fruits used for flavoring include several of the carrot family , such as cumin , dill , fennel , and angelica . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , we can't stop them from coming in , however , just by talk . (Filtered Words: 0)
The deadlock has been caused by the Russians' new demand for a three-man ( East , West and neutral ) directorate , and thus a veto , over the control machinery . (Filtered Words: 0)
What had caught his attention was obscured by the car itself , so that neither the girl nor the truck drivers could see , but [FILTERED] knew what it was . (Filtered Words: 1)
The old ideal of the independent entrepreneur is extant -- but so is the recognition that the main chance may be in a corporate bureaucracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did you go to their funeral '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , [FILTERED] was an established poet and his work had been published in the respectable periodicals of that center of American culture , Boston . (Filtered Words: 1)
The effect of the recording is very open and natural , with the frequency emphasis exactly what you would expect from a live performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
A trap for throwing these miniature clays fastens to the barrel so that the shooter can throw his own targets . (Filtered Words: 0)
In accounting for realism or distortion two sets of factors can be usefully distinguished : current intelligence ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` On the basis of the facts '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` pocket-size '' company set records with $2,170 in sales of its products , a selection of barbecue spices , and paid stockholders a 20 per cent dividend on their investment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Comparable trends can be noted elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
A friend of [FILTERED]'s named [FILTERED] had just muscled into the Portwatchers' Union . (Filtered Words: 2)
The O atoms in each sheet are close packed and each [FILTERED] atom is surrounded by a distorted octahedron of O atoms . (Filtered Words: 1)
She accused him of ignoring her . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is enough TNT to fill the tower of the Empire State Building ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The big waking up had happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
That cock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although a skillful politician and a courageous and honest man , Mr. [FILTERED] , Mr. [FILTERED] believes , ignored his own top-level planners , wasted time and effort in the wrong regions , missed opportunities through indecision and damaged his chances on television . (Filtered Words: 2)
White-shirted and conservatively-cravated drivers stared conspicuously toward the eastern horizon and past my supplicating and accusing gaze . (Filtered Words: 0)
The antithesis of the ecumenical and the local then no longer exists . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] impressive (Filtered Words: 1)
On the eve of his return to their native Naxos he speaks with his wife of the masterpiece which rises before them in its completed perfection . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I should say about a hundred thousand '' , Fletcher said . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the New York Times : (Filtered Words: 0)
There are two reasons for this . (Filtered Words: 0)
According to [FILTERED] , `` the becoming , the process of realization , is the dance '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Now we are leaving humor and comedy behind again '' , [FILTERED] protested . (Filtered Words: 1)
They headed in that direction and , at San Juan Capistrano By-the-Sea came upon Barco sitting in the quaint old Spanish Mission Drive-in , eating a hot tamale . (Filtered Words: 0)
and this he could do only by going over its mass with the tracing procedure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact of Indian ancestry and `` free '' status during the days of slavery , are important distinctions made by members of the group . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the final accounting , these would have augmented the bill for both sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , clarinet ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The Congress of Vienna is a convenient starting point because it both epitomized and symbolized what was to follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 240-grain bullet leaves the muzzle at 1,850 fps , which gives it all the smash needed at woods ranges . (Filtered Words: 0)
Data on the former are scanty , but there can be little doubt that the latter is sometimes born at a length greater than that of any of the others , thereby lending support to the belief that the anaconda does , indeed , attain the greatest length . (Filtered Words: 0)
second , that both actual and pending desegregation is , with few exceptions , the product or result of court order . (Filtered Words: 0)
If God be for us , who can be against us ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They opposed the Forand bill , which would have placed the major burden of financial support upon the individual himself through compulsory payroll deduction ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , the program included , as on Thursday , the Taras-Tchaikovsky `` Design For Strings '' , the Dollar-Britten `` Divertimento '' , the Dollar-De Banfield `` The Duel '' and the pas de deux from `` The Nutcracker '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I promised [FILTERED] I would mention her name , if at all , only as a last resort . (Filtered Words: 1)
Morgan filled the dipper from the water bucket on the shelf , went back into the front room , lifted the girl's head , and held the edge of the dipper to her mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
To reinforce , and sometimes to replace , the simulated typography , Braque and Picasso began to mix sand and other foreign substances with their paint ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
A week in arrears , and without means to pay , I must go , it is the only right thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , looking to right and left to see how his men were faring , suddenly saw another figure bounding up the hill , hurling grenades and hollering the battle cry as he ran . (Filtered Words: 1)
Acreage in excess of the minimum is good practice as recreation areas are never too large for the future and it is often more economical to operate one large area than several small ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
organization : (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , after I'm back , another fifty so you can put some mileage on yourself and have a solid alibi somewhere while I take care of your seat cover boy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each point on C , as a vertex , may possess a finite number of corresponding diagonal points by the above construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I questioned , also , professional soldiers , who would not easily be hypnotized by a septuagenarian's dreamy irredentism . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first few experiments Af was passed through Dowex-2-chloride twice and absorbed twice with 50 - 100 mg sweet clover tissue powder . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has been suggested that the plasma thyroxine-binding proteins , which have an extremely high affinity for thyroxine , compete with thyroglobulin for thyroxine ( Ingbar and Freinkel , 1957 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first program was sponsored by Abraham & Strauss , Hempstead , New York , under the direction of Special Events director [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But he was happy to tell her that his finances were now in such condition that he could go back to Harvard for a third year with Professor [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Indeed , the administration's curious position on the sales tax was a major factor in contributing to its defeat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rooney remained untouched . (Filtered Words: 0)
But that is a cliche and a dishonest one . (Filtered Words: 0)
A thick , crimson carpet muffled every footfall . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) the need to plan investment programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
or surprise , which would set the patient apart from other people . (Filtered Words: 0)
The BOD in the effluent averaged 58 mg/l , a 76-per-cent reduction over the 24-hr. period . (Filtered Words: 0)
He mused . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a leader must strengthen NATO politically , and establish that true unity about which it has always talked . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I mustn't start on Alice . (Filtered Words: 0)
His private dining room has become a way station for visiting intellectuals such as [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
Thus , the white middle and lower classes are arrayed against the Negro middle and lower classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Try that late winter pickup when you are so tired of cold and snow that you feel you just can't take another day of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eighty-five specimens were loaned for study purposes . (Filtered Words: 0)
In its defensive formulations , the theory will attack conscious change on the grounds of the independent existence of the community . (Filtered Words: 0)
A common meeting ground is desirable for those nations which are prepared to assist in the development effort . (Filtered Words: 0)
Water interest is one of the most valuable factors you can find for a recreation site . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite extensive attempts to obtain highly pure reagents , serious difficulty was experienced in obtaining reproducible rates of reaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
the next a headless horror on a horse that bolted through the redcoat ranks , and during the next second or two , we all of us fired into the suddenly disorganized column of soldiers . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'd have made a great scientist dedicated to tracking down heredity and environment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nature (Filtered Words: 0)
I got her into bed , and sat with her until she had sobbed herself out . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't long before I sensed that there was something deeper than overvaulting ambition back of his desire for Viola's destruction . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I was lonely always '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , even the most successful executive lives in a two-room apartment while ordinary people rent space in the stairwells of office buildings in which to sleep at night ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the biggest annual outlay since the Communist program for the under-developed countries made its modest beginning in 1954 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pilot plant was a circular lagoon 81 ft in diam at the surface and 65 ft in diam at the bottom , 4 ft below the surface , with a volume of 121,000 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it not the obligation of us older citizens to lend our weight to being creative on the character side and to hasten our own maturing process ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For purposes of this explanation , this percentage is referred to as the State's `` unadjusted Federal share '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The straight , black hair flopped in a vigorous nod , the slender nose plunged toward glass teeth and drew safely back . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Orioles once again performed at the plate in powderpuff fashion , gathering only seven blows off the offerings of three Kansas City pitchers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It just got longer and longer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic objectives in each instance are to make available supplies of food during the intervals between harvesting or slaughter , to minimize losses resulting from the action of microorganisms and insects , and to make it possible to transport foods from the area of harvest or production to areas of consumption . (Filtered Words: 0)
the magnitude of effort and costs of each of these possible phases of an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet there were other motivations and actions which the Belgians took after independence for which history may not find them guiltless . (Filtered Words: 0)
All contributed will be acknowledged . (Filtered Words: 0)
For crucial encounter (Filtered Words: 0)
He might have been the man in the moon for all you could have understood him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each questionnaire was mailed with a cover letter addressed personally to the president or other executive of each firm . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be criminal folly if the Communists tried to prevent us . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the common man was developing mythic power , or charisma , on his own . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately the cafes might not make enough money to support themselves during the off season . (Filtered Words: 0)
A wildcatter had to be prepared for almost any emergency . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each questionnaire was audited for obvious mistakes and for comments , and was identified by a serial number , by the source list from which the company name was selected , and by the geographical location of the company as determined by the postmark on the return envelope . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suburbs and Negroes (Filtered Words: 0)
To his Harvard colleague , [FILTERED] , whose philosophic position differed radically from his own , [FILTERED] could write , `` Different as our minds are , yours has nourished mine , as no other social influence ever has , and in converse with you I have always felt that my life was being lived importantly '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
In a flash she was away to the back , paying no attention to three angry shouts from the male throats . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] took no chances . (Filtered Words: 1)
three sisters , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Los Angeles , Mrs. [FILTERED] Andrew , New York City , and Mrs. [FILTERED] , New York City , and five grandchildren . (Filtered Words: 3)
When combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least embodied in a material substratum , it becomes clear that while earth will be dross on a scale of material-formal ratios , celestial bodies will be of a subtle , quickened , ethereal existence , in whose embodiment pure form will be the dominant component and matter will be absent or remain subsidiary . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have done all this for the freedom of the individuals concerned and also for the states which have been threatened by Communist domination . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just the evocations of time and place , of passionate encounter between man and a natural world which today seems almost lost , would be enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
a modulation described as `` almost a stroke of genius '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , does this sound like a truly workable plan to you ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
a desire to avoid and repel this or that other part . (Filtered Words: 0)
Victory at last ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly , in analyzing an action which truly faced such alternatives , `` it is never possible that no world would be preferable to some worlds , and there are in truth no circumstances in which the destruction of human life presents itself as a reasonable alternative '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise it will be headed for bankruptcy , at worst , and at best towards starvation of other less dramatic but socially and culturally indispensable branches of learning . (Filtered Words: 0)
A measure passed by Congress just before adjourning softened the ruling's impact , on prior-year returns still under review , for clay-mining companies that make brick and tile products . (Filtered Words: 0)
But as the popular response suggests , the potentiality of the Peace Corps is very great . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Medical Museum (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll tell you why I didn't go to college ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They had not heard what had been said . (Filtered Words: 0)
To find a form that accommodates the mess , that is the task of the artist now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When no one smiled , he felt constrained to add , `` Just kidding , natch '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the third time in 28 years of Junior Showmanship at Westminster that a lady Handler has judged the Class . (Filtered Words: 0)
A state of parasympathetic `` tuning '' of the hypothalamus induced experimentally causes not only an increase in the parsympathetic reactivity of this structure to direct and reflexly induced stimuli , but leads also to an autonomic reversal : a stimulus acting sympathetically under control conditions elicits in this state of tuning a parasympathetic response ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The entire length of the street could be raked with rifle fire from this barn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here they built huts and a stockade named Fort Daer after Selkirk's barony in Scotland . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] announce the engagement of their daughter , Miss [FILTERED] , to Mr. [FILTERED] , son of Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , of Drexel Hill . (Filtered Words: 4)
`` You are to be accused of Arianism to confuse the religious who remain loyal '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I see the girl but I don't see the car with slacks on '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was silent . (Filtered Words: 0)
You don't need worry , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
After a roundup the pushin' of stray cattle of outside brands toward their home range was called `` throwin' over '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I do not know Dr. [FILTERED] well . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Cen-Tennial Gin Supply Co. has home offices and factory facilities here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] v. United States , supra . (Filtered Words: 1)
Any attempt to reconcile this statement of the central issue in the campaign of 1956 with the nature of the man who could not conceive it as the central issue will at least resolve our confusions about the chaotic and misleading results of the earnestness of both doctors and President in a situation which should never have arisen . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Without any officious and improper interference on the subject , the price of labor or the wages of mechanics will be regulated by the demand for the manufactured article and the value of that which is paid for it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Beyond it the gray road stretched a long , long way . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I will also remind them that I have always been inclined to skepticism , to a kind of Laodicean lack of commitment so far as public affairs are concerned ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Dade's chief probation officer , [FILTERED] , will lead a discussion on `` The Changes in the American Family '' at 7:30 p.m. Sunday at Christ Lutheran Church . (Filtered Words: 1)
Austin , Texas (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Resolved that , while we most decidedly disapprove the methods he adopted to accomplish his objects , yet in his willingness to die in aid of the great cause of human freedom , we still recognize the qualities of a noble nature and the exercise of a spirit which true men have always admired and which history never fails to honor . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]. Howry and Holmes at the University of Colorado Medical School have applied the same sonar technique to other areas of soft tissue and have obtained extremely good results . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even before the century was out the tide of reaction had set in . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to these activities , the NAEBM , with headquarters at 420 Lexington Avenue , New York City , as well as other associations and individual manufacturers , provide and distribute films , booklets , and public services in regard to proper boat handling and safety afloat . (Filtered Words: 0)
How long will this take ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I cannot be content with the anecdotal small talk of a somewhat unusual travelogue . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] spoke no English . (Filtered Words: 1)
Those who had driven hundreds of miles for the burial would not go home , for she might die any time ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Subgroups of various types have been found within this system . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until they see the ecumenical movement in terms of the difference it makes in their own attitudes , programs , and relationships , it will have an inevitable aspect of unreality . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men will be in western attire , including Stetsons and colored vests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Marvin Goulding saw what was happening . (Filtered Words: 0)
The proposal would have to receive final legislative approval , by two-thirds majorities , before March 1 to be printed on the April 4 ballot , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
To say that science had reduced many such fears merely reiterates the obvious and frequent statement that science eliminated much of magic and superstition . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know where the car is . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's a little place there called Lovers Mound dedicated to Gompachi and Komurasaki '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On March 11 the Louisiana legislature voted unanimously to table the petition . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was not enthusiastic over the newly acquired [FILTERED] , but reminisced with pleasure over a Poussin exhibit he had been able to see in Paris a year ago . (Filtered Words: 1)
The amazing thing is that this too is caused by the dearth of teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
He and [FILTERED] would go out on tame elephants , raised from babyhood in the keddah . (Filtered Words: 1)
And in the economy of the book it is not peripheral but central . (Filtered Words: 0)
They're asking for union trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
Schnabel's emphasis on structural clarity , his innate rhythmic vibrancy , and impetuous intensity all tend to stamp his reading as a symphonic one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hague had never accustomed himself to Kodyke . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , and her tone had softened until it was almost friendly . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was when he attempted to end the relationship that the murder took place . (Filtered Words: 0)
They borrowed a typewriter , raised about $2,000 in contributions , hired a secretary , persuaded a couple of young men to join them for almost no pay and began mailing out a collection of unstapled leaflets that they called Guideposts . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they feel that we are taking a long-term view of their problems and are prepared to enter into reasonably long-term association with them in their development activities , they will be much more likely to undertake the difficult tasks required . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll have to try it alone '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attention will be given in the next chapter to the style of association in the denominational churches ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] identified himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
dictionary information about the form stored at this location can be retrieved directly by occurrences of the form in text . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten after nine . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have become amateur insurance experts and fine-feathered yard birds . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Mr. [FILTERED] does not go straight to any point . (Filtered Words: 1)
The car door crashed shut . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may seem strange that a poet should come to full fruition in his seventies , but we have it on Hardy's own authority that `` he was a child till he was sixteen , a youth till he was five-and-twenty , and a young man till he was nearly fifty '' ( Early Life , p. 42 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
After fifteen minutes of traffic driving he turned to the left . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I only said I was hungry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such additional daytime class 2 , assignments are appropriate if optimum use is to be made of these frequencies , and the Commission has over the years made a large number of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was it an omen ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The escalation must end sometime , and probably quite soon . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this was before he began to play his startlingly beautiful jazz . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now don't shut this door . (Filtered Words: 0)
next for Cuba : an arms blockade ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Feathertop made an elaborate motion with his hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boldness of champions (Filtered Words: 0)
The (Filtered Words: 0)
Copernicus' achievement was to have invented systematic astronomy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a place full of courage and hope and you were part of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bears added two more in the fifth when McAuliffe dropped a double into the leftfield corner , Paschal doubled down the rightfield line and Cooke singled off [FILTERED] glove . (Filtered Words: 1)
stem frequencies 4 , 3 , and 1 , 57% . (Filtered Words: 0)
They speak of the work of Christ as the bestowal of incorruptibility , which can mean ( though it does not have to mean ) deliverance from time and history . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a theoretically complicated dipole interaction which causes any extremely small uncharged particle to agglomerate with other small uncharged particles , or to stick to an uncharged surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hate it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even some of the queens will die before the winter is over , falling prey to enemies or disease . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seated on the platform were [FILTERED] , ex-mayor of Providence and a wealthy Republican stove manufacturer ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Unlike his younger brother , [FILTERED] , he never presumed to address her more familiarly than as `` My dear friend '' , although he praised and envied the elegance and purity of her style . (Filtered Words: 1)
The face of one block contained a hole 1/16'' '' in diameter which led to a manometer for the measurement of the normal pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Evil , man , evil '' , he said , and that's all he said for the rest of the night . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fool could see what was going on . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was very funny about the whole thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you will pardon , I think it would be better if not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tonal morphophonemics , in a common case , can do nothing but either raise or lower the tone . (Filtered Words: 0)
She continued . (Filtered Words: 0)
Baseball's no cinch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then we pull out under our mortar and artillery cover , but nobody pulls out until I say so . (Filtered Words: 0)
the administration's official budget review , which estimates a 6.9 billion dollar deficit for the current fiscal year , isn't making anyone happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He carried it in a little wallet made of fish skin '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But such cases were , in the past , unusual . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's not for making pretty speeches about [FILTERED] those actresses get paid so good '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No , I mean how'd you get her to do it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Welcome into the fellowship (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't believe I know you , and I can't understand your quaint brand of English -- it was meant to be English , wasn't it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He also sued them for taking toll of grain at their market . (Filtered Words: 0)
The theme may be the formation of a shape from which other shapes evolve . (Filtered Words: 0)
It made no sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is difficult to see any powerful sources of strength on the horizon at this time which would give the economy a new upward thrust . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without abandoning too much , Copernicus sought to make orthodox astronomy systematically and mechanically acceptable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Men spit on Him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasionally , you may come across one or two bumblebees in the cold season , when you are turning over sods in your garden , but you have to be a really keen observer to see them at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each high note had the crowd in ecstasy so that it stopped the show midway in the `` Mad Scene '' , but the real reason was a realization of the extraordinary performance unfolding at the moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Specific requirements for each of various types of enterprises are discussed on pages 8 to 14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A runt with narrow shoulders and that brush haircut hell , you'd pass for a juvenile delinquent of the hotrod set . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your application must include the following information : ( 1 ) your reasons for requesting an extension , ( 2 ) whether you filed timely income tax returns for the 3 preceding years , and ( 3 ) whether you were required to file an estimated return for the year , and if so whether you did file and have paid the estimated tax payments on or before the due dates . (Filtered Words: 0)
The female from Central America which gave birth to four was only 3 feet 11 inches long . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a group of thermometers was obtained and calibrated at the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
One night , Mama came home practically in a state of shock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should she wake him ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Its enforcement was enjoined by a federal trial court . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the policy officer has the hounds of time snapping at his heels . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bunks , or materials to build them , may have to be put inside the enclosure before the shelter walls are completed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The timbre remains that of the instruments unclouded by resonance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blanche couldn't remember when she had first arrived at this conclusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is little evidence that they are giving any systematic thought to a general theory of the optimum scope and nature of their part in government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somebody had scrawled American Express , Piazza di Spagna ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
When late in the summer the full extent of the damage was assessed , all but fifty of the Scots , Swiss and metis moved up the Red to the mouth of the Pembina river . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think her husband strongly suspects so , and that's why he called me in on the thing in direct defiance of his confederates and almost certainly without telling them why he was doing so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Flat payments over $50 per month are more expensive to the state than the assignment of state-owned vehicles . (Filtered Words: 0)
He complained to me once that I must talk to her . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Just figures out of a tribal folklore . (Filtered Words: 0)
The walls feel slippery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Community esprit de corps has been the protective shell which has made the achievement possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the academic world there is seldom anything so dramatic as a strike or a boycott : all that happens is that the better qualified teacher declines to gamble two or three years of his life on the chance that conditions at the Catholic institution will be as good as those elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The best 2-year-old pacing mile up to date at [FILTERED] has been that of [FILTERED] ( Mainliner-Highland Ellen ) , a member of the [FILTERED] stable , who was clocked 2:25 . (Filtered Words: 3)
Hey , will you look at that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
shotshells -- to break the little Targo clay targets . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Apaches '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm nudged it with a boot . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the street the traffic was really frightening . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , Adam , in the gray light of afternoon , stared across at the hut opposite his tent , and thought of Simms Purdew lying in there in the gloom , snoring on his bunk , with the fumes of whisky choking the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
The amount of liquid poured into the chamber is determined by subtracting the quantity still in the beaker when the chamber is full from the original quantity . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was going to tell Bobby Joe about how mistaken she had been , but he brought one of the cousins home for supper , and all they did was talk about antelope . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course the principal factor in the whole experience was the kind of education he received . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not as though she noted clearly that her nephews had not been to see her for ten years , not since their last journey eastward to witness their Uncle Izaak being lowered into the rocky soil ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His own children had suffered from the weakening of those values which he and Theresa had always taken for granted , and as for his grandchildren ( he had one so far , still in diapers ) , he shuddered to think that the true meaning of character might never dawn on them at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
The impression you get from [FILTERED] home is one of laughter and happiness ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Meanwhile I myself was not yet saved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sturley wrote to [FILTERED] that Sir [FILTERED] `` gave his allowance and liking thereof , and affied unto us his best endeavour , so that his rights be preserved '' , and that `` Sir [FILTERED] saith we shall not be at any fault for money for prosecuting the cause , for himself will procure it and lay it down for us for the time '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
I don't know yet , it's crazy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Anglo-Saxon and Greek epic each provide on two occasions a seemingly authentic account of the narration of verse in the heroic age . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] put length at maturity at two thirds the ultimate length for some rattlesnakes , and [FILTERED] data on Michigan garter and ribbon snakes ( Thamnophis ) show that the smallest gravid females are more than half as long as the biggest adults . (Filtered Words: 2)
John stood above him , his face ashen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet was not fighting [FILTERED] now . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet had he not visited the girl at [FILTERED] he would never have been involved in this latest tangle . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet we no longer feel uneasy . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a haunting resemblance between the notion of cause in Copernicus and in Freud . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew how to channel their exuberant disorderliness so as to transform them from mere plunderers into A-1 guerrilla fighters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl stopped but did not turn her head or acknowledge that someone had spoken to her . (Filtered Words: 0)
While it is easy enough to ridicule [FILTERED]' pronouncement in Pleas Of The Crown from a metaphysical point of view , the concept of the `` oneness '' of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage . (Filtered Words: 1)
The sensation he so overwhelmingly realized was one which told him he had been there before but he knew he had not , and could not recall any place he had visited to be likened to the limpid green water or the little fountain-falls or the green demon imprisoned beyond his reach . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sensing the unseen presence of the other men in the patrol , he felt mutely united to these nine near-strangers sharing this pinpoint of being with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- His miracles (Filtered Words: 0)
( `` In the late forties and fifties '' , Coombs has declared in defining his role , `` two strong new arms were added to reinforce United States foreign policy economic assistance and military assistance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other exceptions are assignments for the benefit of creditors , corporate dissolutions , transfers by descent , or transfers by subrogation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sherman knew the uses of cavalry as well as [FILTERED] but he imagined a moving base with infantry wings instead of cavalry wings . (Filtered Words: 1)
Spectra were obtained from a powdered sample having the shape of a right circular cylinder with a height-to-diameter ratio of 4 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Which continent '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She accused him of ignoring her . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is significant , too , that the older teen-agers I interviewed believed , unlike the younger ones , that Jewish students tend to do better academically than their gentile counterparts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The real question was how one passed from anti-Semitism of this sort to murder , and the answer to this question is not to be found in anti-Semitism itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
His birth , education , and fortune , he says , have all been ridiculed simply because he has spoken with the freedom of an Englishman , and he assures the reader that `` whoever talks with me , is speaking to a [FILTERED] born '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In this connection , Swift , too , is drawn in for attack : `` The Author of The Conduct Of The Allies has dared to drop Insinuations about altering the Succession '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are other countries where , with skillful diplomacy , we may be able by our aid to give encouragement to those groups in government which would like to press forward with economic and social reform measures to promote growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second really new development this year was a revolver handling a different sort of varmint load -- the (Filtered Words: 0)
In contrast , for the girl the epiphysis was slightly advanced at Onset and delayed at Completion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bastards '' , he would say , `` all I did was put a beat to that [FILTERED] stuff , and the first chair clobbered me '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
There , that did it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh -- we managed '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The room looked normal and even commonplace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's ride '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Helpless in that sense I can never be again . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now , now , you're just guessing , Sergeant '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After an earthquake in Japan in 1793 people on the coast at Tugaru were so terrified by the extraordinary ebbing of the sea that they scurried to higher ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
The objective is to achieve sufficient effectiveness of control on all of the area now under treatment plus the additional acres so that after the initial period only maintenance control will be needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kayabashi must feel fairly certain of his victory in order to make a visit like this , a trip which could be so easily misinterpreted by the people in the village . (Filtered Words: 0)
On occasion it produces extraordinary novelties . (Filtered Words: 0)
We define these values as Af , and define g{t} in the same way for each T . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The discontinuity can either be that of war to destruction , or that of diplomatic policy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , shucks '' , the girl said . (Filtered Words: 0)
For nearly a year , they have been receiving counseling , separately and together , in an effort to understand and overcome the antagonisms which had given rise to the possibility of divorce . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taking precedence over all other legislation on Capitol Hill last week was the military strength of the nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where to put it (Filtered Words: 0)
How ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One kind of proprietorship (Filtered Words: 0)
When the solution finally came to him , one night while he was in bed , he was so shaken by its simplicity that he could only wonder why it had not occurred to him before . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] , there's Mars . (Filtered Words: 1)
Give me a team of nine angry men and I'll give you a team of nine gentlemen and we'll beat you nine out of ten times '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
New York , N.Y. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and as this music ebbs and flows , there is an antiphonal chorus from all the atoms outside , in fact from the atoms of the entire universe . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is little time for the men in the command centers to reflect about the implications of these clocks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Camping is family fun , and it is helping more Americans see more of the country than they ever saw before . (Filtered Words: 0)
We would write to one another and make a definite plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
In particular , Governor [FILTERED] has expressed as cogently and clearly as anyone the case for a resumption of atmospheric tests . (Filtered Words: 1)
He knew all about the infection and the fever , and , too , the moment of realization when he saw for himself , threw up his hands and quit , ended the war as a prisoner in Texas . (Filtered Words: 0)
She arrived late and as she entered the party , noted that gentlemen seemed to be in the majority ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is presumed to occur in other members of the [FILTERED] family . (Filtered Words: 1)
When the writer uses material does he tamper with it to improve its commercial effect or does he leave it pure ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
But the solution to this dilemma is not the incorporation of the United States into an Atlantic Community or `` economic empire '' , but merely what libertarians like [FILTERED] and Ludwig Von Mises have been arguing for years : an end to government regulations , an end to government competition in industry , and a realistic depreciation allowance for industry . (Filtered Words: 1)
He did not move . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drinking with meals is also discouraged ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But he painted some of the boldest and most original pictures of his time , and even after nearly half a century , the tense , tormented world he put on canvas has lost none of its fascination . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked her if she would , and she said she would not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until 1924 O'Banion pistoleers and knuckle-duster bullyboys had kept his North Side domain solidly Democratic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eventually the bubbles became lost in the sparkle of the ocean surface , and he rolled over on his back . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was caught driving the day after the sentence was pronounced and given a warning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Player began with a birdie on the first hole , added five straight pars and then another birdie at the 9th . (Filtered Words: 0)
This happened to be vice versa , but even so , the answer was a masterpiece . (Filtered Words: 0)
As much as men intrinsically need the unity that is grounded in God , they instrumentally require the institutions that will direct their steps toward him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another method of assuring a clean hole is to first drill a small pilot hole all the way through , then drill half way with the dimensional bit , turn the piece over , and finish from the other side . (Filtered Words: 0)
All these materials and supplementary manure and other fertilizers from neighboring dairy and poultry farms made over 40 tons of finished compost a year . (Filtered Words: 0)
We sat back comfortably on the bed with our last cups of coffee . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ancient types are reassembled in gloom and foreboding to be irresistibly drawn to their destinies , but the myth fails before the modern truth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
However , Mr. [FILTERED] and his bride will go to Vero Beach on their wedding trip , and will stay in the John G. Beadles' beach house . (Filtered Words: 1)
I wish you would return them to her . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they kept on clapping for a long , long time . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took her hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked mighty interested , though . (Filtered Words: 0)
I started to say something else appropriate , but the man had hung up . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the point on which so many people have written off the aircraft in favor of the missile . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has given only the one pass in his 27 innings , an unusual characteristic for a southpaw . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sources of data : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As mad as ever . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever the unhappy inmates of such camps are like today , Dostoevsky's companions were about as grim a lot as can be imagined . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the lower dealer inventories and the stepped-up demand some manufacturers believe there could be shortages of some implements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chemical constitution and physical properties of pituitary tsh (Filtered Words: 0)
As I have said , words from Tennyson remain ever in my memory : `` That mind and soul , according well , May make one music as before '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm well aware that you've got a pedigree as long as my leg , and that I don't amount to anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guest assignments are scheduled for November 14 and 18 , with the Orchestra Sinfonica Siciliana in Palermo and the Orchestra of Radio Cologne . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the early approaches are wise , understanding and patient , the satisfactions of marital fulfillment will probably be discovered before the marriage is much older . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of course I don't mind '' , she answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simultaneously we should be underlining the interrelationships of technical progress in various fields , showing how agricultural training can be introduced into education , how health affects labor productivity , how small business can benefit the rural farm community , and , above all , how progress in each field relates to national progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the next , the shear plane angle is high , and extends to the inclined work surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
The characteristic thing about this church was its Amen corner and the weekly religious orgy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place a suitably-loaded barbell across them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Intermediates in the Class with the Judge were asked to pick 4 winners and give their reasons but their decisions did not affect the choice of the Judge . (Filtered Words: 0)
numerical aperture ( N.A. ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Student Council officers announced today the [FILTERED] family would be given the combined proceeds from a school dance held two weeks ago , and another dance for [FILTERED]'s 770 students this Friday night . (Filtered Words: 2)
Gratified fishermen hauled them in by the thousands . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'd be through here , just no time at all -- leave this kind of thing 'way behind . (Filtered Words: 0)
By 1910 the courts were crowded with cases , many of them brought by freebooters who trafficked in disputed inventions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inside , bunks are framed up and installed as indicated . (Filtered Words: 0)
