But they have survived for long periods as races , whereas you are young . (Filtered Words: 0)
Georgia has made some reforms , true . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all there is ample area in East Greenwich already zoned in the classification similar to that which petitioner requested . (Filtered Words: 0)
Patchen has almost never used strict poetic forms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Whipple ( 1955 ) extends the effects to include the solar-corpuscular-radiation pressure , which increases both the minimum particle size and the drag . (Filtered Words: 0)
There also were reports of a collection at the County Line Elementary School , 3505o [FILTERED] , which has been attended this year by four of the [FILTERED] children including [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
To quote Professor [FILTERED] : `` The last glass of claret or [FILTERED] is as good as the first ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
That finished the job that Captain [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had begun . (Filtered Words: 2)
Cars are traded mostly on a three-year basis in the interest of economy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Mecholyl and noradrenalin tests applied with certain precautions are reliable indicators of this central autonomic balance , but for the sake of correlating autonomic and clinical states , and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions , additional tests seem to be desirable . (Filtered Words: 0)
More detailed instructions may be obtained from your local building supply houses and craftsmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
They did not know who they were or know their own worth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both have been active in the association . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My father walked , through two miles of snow , in Illinois '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
the average claret is notably longer-lived than its opposite number , red [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ierulli , 29 , has been practicing in Portland since November , 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Riverside's redheaded playing manager , ran after the ball but it rolled past him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Caution : (Filtered Words: 0)
Such was my state of mind that I did not question the possibility of this ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
City boys find a lot of learning in the feel of an ax handle or in the sharp tang of a sawmill , come upon suddenly in a backwoods logging camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
With distaste I saw him assume a pompous air . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fold into whipped cream and add a dash of salt and sprinkling of paprika . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] asked sadly , when he came in . (Filtered Words: 1)
I had done all I was going to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a child does lose his first teeth prematurely because of decay -- and if no preventive steps are taken -- the other teeth may shift out of position , become overcrowded and malformed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I would expect the proposed committee to hold public hearings '' , Mr. [FILTERED] said , `` to obtain the views of the general public and religious , labor and special-interest groups affected by these laws '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
They filed out through the guard-room door , into the paved square . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Got a new one in last night '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] led the birthcontrol league , Mrs. [FILTERED] was arthritis , and way in the distance could be seen the slate roof of [FILTERED] house , a roof that signified gout . (Filtered Words: 3)
Perhaps she would be glad that they hadn't hurt him . (Filtered Words: 0)
She clearly agreed that this had been the case . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place the specimen in the wash wheel with sufficient other similar fabric to make a dry load of Af pounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Thrift Shop , with Mrs. [FILTERED] as president , is one of the city's most successful fund-raisers for the Federation of Jewish Agencies . (Filtered Words: 1)
Packing a small suitcase , informing her husband whom she found in [FILTERED]'s Bar that she was taking a train to Germany to get away for a while , patting his arm , refusing a drink , getting on the train -- all this had only taken her two hours . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Animals . (Filtered Words: 0)
He jumped . (Filtered Words: 0)
As many as ten digital switches may be named and provided by the DSW statement for consideration by the SETSW and logic macro-instructions . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a tremendous book , lively , constantly moving , and the [FILTERED] cast does well by it . (Filtered Words: 1)
He smiled to himself , and decided not to mention them till Dolores did . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a moment , boy and mount hung in midair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cousin John '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He raced to the window and yanked at the sash . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I guess '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , the murderer is still at large . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he won't break , we add to the stress he bears . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here may be found regular and impact styrene , cellulose acetate , cellulose butyrate and cellulose propionate , acrylic , vinyl , expandable styrene foam , and polyethylene . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 187-mile Illinois State Toll Highway , for example , was not opened over its entire length until December , 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hague had never accustomed himself to Kodyke . (Filtered Words: 0)
The New England conscience became desensitized . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it was not easy for him and he often slipped . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll they'll think I did something '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That it had found a planet on which human beings could live and which was already inhabited by sentient beings '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And the pitching will also have trouble doing better . (Filtered Words: 0)
He enjoyed the killing . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] was the merriest widow I ever saw '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Remembering his own thirst , Matsuo took out his water bottle . (Filtered Words: 0)
A lantern hung from a peg , giving light . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the bottom of this change were great strides forward in the technical equipment and technical standards of the historian . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Listen '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
They point out simply that `` it is the law of the land '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the fighting marshal's fifty-year run of immunity from violent death came to a full and final stop one night in a street at Cromwell , Oklahoma , where he had been sent to clean up the gambling and vice rackets . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pieces must be placed in the context of the prepared messages by [FILTERED]'s staff . (Filtered Words: 1)
The lay leadership of the church may be invited to speak on the various phases of church life , service opportunities , the church school , missions , men's work , women's work , youth program , social activities , and finances . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] had put up her breakfast dishes and mopped her linoleum rugs , she would go to the Big House . (Filtered Words: 1)
He ain't so bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though the registers may have an incomplete record of persons present in a particular area or include persons no longer living there , they contain precise information on ages , by date of birth , for some of the persons present ( especially children in relatively stable communities ) and supplementary information ( such as records of marital status ) for many others . (Filtered Words: 0)
) By the time the streetcar pulled away , he had fallen in love with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
For a dawning sense of illumination occurs in consequence of two events which , as so often in [FILTERED] , suddenly confront a character with the existential question of the nature and value of human life . (Filtered Words: 1)
We had champagne and steamed mussels . (Filtered Words: 0)
The writer sensed a much freer and more frank discussion , especially of this one area , than ever before . (Filtered Words: 0)
For another moment we didn't talk , then she began to weep . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Poughkeepsie , N.Y. , , in 1952 , a Roman Catholic hospital presented seven Protestant physicians with an ultimatum to quit the Planned Parenthood Federation or to resign from the hospital staff . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had lunch with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The choice of the heading technique is dependent upon the accuracy requirements , field conditions , and the time available to accomplish the heading . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , as we have seen , in later childhood the child begins to substitute the standards of the peer group for those of parents and teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Held : On the record in this case , the administrative procedures prescribed by the Act were fully complied with ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The key man almost certainly would be Col. [FILTERED] , SAC's senior controller . (Filtered Words: 1)
A truly vivid imagination moves beyond the conventional recollection to a sense of immediacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
for such programs raise hopes of assistance toward achieving excellence in scholarship and the arts which are dashed when the programs are discontinued ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As usual , Mrs. [FILTERED] had lost her head , but nobody blamed her for doing so now . (Filtered Words: 1)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
the granular texture thus created likewise called attention to the reality of the surface and was effective over much larger areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` J'ai faim '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The class 1 , stations on these clear channels are protected to their 0.1-mv./m. groundwave contours against daytime cochannel interference . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence C' is a Af curve on Q . (Filtered Words: 0)
All chance of fulfilling my destiny is over . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , settled lost . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not all sections are showing an upswing , however ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When they reached the school , a gang of boys and girls were already there playing `` crack the whip '' in front of the schoolhouse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider installing supplemental serving lines in production areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Squat-style lifters and leg-split lifters would both benefit enormously by practicing those variations providing that they remember to make alternate sets with the left and right leg to the front . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems clear , when one takes into consideration the exceedingly defective eyesight of the patient ( we shall describe it in detail in connection with our second question , the one concerning the psychical blindness of the patient ) , that he had to rely on his sense of touch much more than the usual portfolio-maker and that consequently that faculty was most probably more sensitive to shape and size than that of a person with normal vision . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , the grass was there , though in some places the ground was too steep for a cow to get to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the region also embraces some of the staunchest opposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
His voice seemed thick and purposeless . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of us might be inclined to argue , in fact , that an independence of mind and action and an intolerance of regimentation , either mental or physical , are particularly Southern traits . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know men never kiss les putains '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
the love-making , perhaps because it is pale and low-key when one has been conditioned to expect harsh colors and explicitness , is often charming ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Seizin' the bull by the tail , he rushed his hoss forward and a little to one side , throwin' the bull off balance , and `` bustin' '' 'im with terrific force . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am consciously prepared to run the continued risk of ' race suicide by accident ' rather than accept the alternative certainty of race slavery by design . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lemma 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But at the end of the sitting , when [FILTERED] showed him the quick , free drawings , with the mother roughed in , holding her son , the model grasped what [FILTERED] was after , and promised to speak to his friends . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Is it a woman '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
With only two aboard , [FILTERED] does better than 27 mph -- and she gives a comfortable ride at this speed even in a three-foot chop . (Filtered Words: 1)
The prevailing official attitude then seemed to be that fallout , if not exactly good for you , might not be much worse than a bad cold . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the end Hough's acidulous protest , which Parker called the `` now somewhat famous note on this ' Selden ' case '' , did not go unheeded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elections have figured prominently in nearly every government program and official address since independence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The music died away discordantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
What else he said was lost in the rattle of gunfire on all sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
John stood above him , his face ashen . (Filtered Words: 0)
they had less immigration to contend with . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would seem , then , that movable property and equipment is not taxed as a whole but that certain types are taxed in towns where this is bound to be expedient for that particular kind of personal property . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fiedler went on to make several other test flights before German pilots took over the Reichenberg missiles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Restudy what your men do , to help them waste less of the time you pay for (Filtered Words: 0)
Pierce , Carsten and Wynston , 1960 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
His `` articulate Jewish friends '' convinced him that education ( read `` reading '' ) was `` a must '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They stopped expecting her to die the next minute , but only in the next day or two . (Filtered Words: 0)
the corner of it you could see in the photograph looked as though it ought to have Velasquez in it painting the royalty of Spain . (Filtered Words: 0)
He waited awhile before he said , `` [FILTERED] , you know your decompression table , don't you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
It was coarse , almost insulting , this harsh appraisal , and she has never come to see me since . (Filtered Words: 0)
Above all , he does not debate mere contingencies , and therefore , if these are possibly dreadful , find himself forced into inaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ) (Filtered Words: 2)
She had -- he informed her -- kidney trouble , liver trouble , and a severe female disorder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , the four year provision limits this to fundamentals and much desirable material must be eliminated . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] swore . (Filtered Words: 1)
When dry they were fired to cone 06-05 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pa ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He quickly called on Ghana , Tunisia , Morocco , Guinea and Mali , which dispatched troops within hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
her mother was forthright ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Flushing stadium in works (Filtered Words: 0)
The department has just finished treating 20,000 acres in urban areas of Macon . (Filtered Words: 0)
I did not rest until I had tracked the mystery down . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the recommendation of the Department is forwarded to the appeal board , that is the appropriate place for a registrant to lodge his denial . (Filtered Words: 0)
These men are spenders . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Last year your [FILTERED] told our [FILTERED] , in a television program , that it is the task of the playwright to throw light into the dark corners of the human heart . (Filtered Words: 2)
A brisk , amusing man , apparently constructed on an ingenious system of spring-joints attuned to the same peppery rhythm as his mind , Smith began his academic career teaching speech to Barnard girls -- a project considerably enlivened by his devotion to a recording about `` a young rat named [FILTERED] , who never could make up his mind '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Someone had hauled him over the side , and he had remained silent while they crossed . (Filtered Words: 0)
and they attempted a skirmish line of advance against a camouflaged enemy encampment . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapter 6 (Filtered Words: 0)
each shrub glazed with good health . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Y'r dam' porridge is no breakfast '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
One main type of malocclusion is characterized by a receding chin and protruding upper front teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The women , keeping their voices low as they worked around the house or sat in the living room , sounded like chickens shut up in a coop for the night . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , 61 , tall , grey as a possum , canning plant chief since 1946 , didn't know what to say . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now he was certain : the lock had not yielded to Muller's collection of keys ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The great increase in the amount of archaeological activity , and therefore information , in the years immediately preceeding and following the Second World War has brought to light data which has changed the complection of the Saxon Shore dispute . (Filtered Words: 0)
he keeps a bottle in a wardrobe at home , and `` before this wardrobe [FILTERED] had before now gone literally on his knees , and in his wrestlings had bitten his tongue -- and still in the end capitulated '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Slocum made his reconnaissanace the next morning , found the town empty , accepted the surrender of the mayor and occupied the city a little before noon . (Filtered Words: 0)
That she impressed me instantly was obvious ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a check from his company , and the usual enthusiastic bulletins on new lines they always issued . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll saddle the horses and bring them round . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Raoul Esnards have exchanged their residence in Southern California for Mexico City . (Filtered Words: 0)
and because Communists have the will and , as long as Soviet power remains intact , the capacity to prevent their realization . (Filtered Words: 0)
He retired in 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
if he missed it , never again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never again did he enter into the ritual of showing the apartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The child's thin legs were plodding . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a serious young man who plays golf with a serious intensity , Palmer has such an inherent sense of humor that it relieves the strain and keeps his nerves from jangling like banjo strings . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the night of August 30 to the morning of September 2 there was no Union cavalry east of the Macon railway to disclose to [FILTERED] that he was missing the greatest opportunity of his career . (Filtered Words: 1)
( 2 ) What evidence is there that he was psychically blind ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It can , in fact , wreck a marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
As long as the unscrupulous Myra chose ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
structurally , the U.N. is still fluid , vulnerable to the pressures that its new and enlarged membership are bringing to bear upon it . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the crowd were coming cries of `` He's right '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A visit to the site by a group of several persons can usually bring out new ideas or verify opinions most helpful to the planning study of any recreation area . (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic market for textiles is growing with the expansion of the population that began 20 years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I suggest further that the main cause of the trouble we are in has been the failure of American policy-makers , ever since we assumed free world leadership in 1945 , to deal with this problem realistically and seriously . (Filtered Words: 0)
No charges were filed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of the older experimental work on respiratory infections was accomplished by very artificial procedures . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
The one way to get around them -- short of knowing exactly what one wants and sticking to it -- is to frequent a single establishment until its wine waiter is persuaded that one is at least as interested in wine as in spending money . (Filtered Words: 0)
When this is the case , the appropriate section of this manual will indicate that `` Continuation Cards '' may be used . (Filtered Words: 0)
In child care , the opposite extreme prevails ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
From next New Year's Day let us keep careful account of each successive fatality on the highways , publicizing it on all media of communication . (Filtered Words: 0)
If nothing is done , the prospect is that that road will be in default of interest in 1962 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside salesmen deduct all expenses attributable to earning a salary , commission , or other compensation . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a roofer who seldom worked last winter , already was in arrears on their recently purchased split-level home when the tragedy staggered him with medical and funeral bills . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1947 and 1948 the necessity of massive coordinated efforts to achieve economic recovery led to the formation of the Organization for European Economic Cooperation to supervise and coordinate the uses of American aid under the Marshall Plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not even certain the shot had been fired from either hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter how well conceived and efficiently run , there probably will be failures . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , as he entered the jury room , said he was prepared to answer questions about the $12,500 his liquor firm paid to [FILTERED] for `` labor consultant work '' with five unions which organized [FILTERED]'s workers . (Filtered Words: 3)
Now comes this ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Since an objective viewer might well conclude that this is not a situation that would often arise , the film's extensive discussion of the problem seems , at best , superfluous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Welmers has suggested one explanation . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time the President took pains not to rule out an eventual meeting with the Soviet leader . (Filtered Words: 0)
Crunch , that's all she wrote '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally he learned through the grapevine that the culprit might be one [FILTERED] in Pope County . (Filtered Words: 1)
A plan must therefore be brought up to date periodically , possibly with the assistance of a permanent planning officer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Foreigners this way ' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The old Morse system was replaced locally by the Simplex modern automatic method in 1929 , when [FILTERED] ( [FILTERED] ) was manager of the Western Union office . (Filtered Words: 2)
As heretofore , our Fellowships are available to assist research in all fields of knowledge and creative effort in all the arts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Measure straight up from marked row . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mines are being increasingly oriented against submarine targets . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] drew a base on balls to fill the bases but [FILTERED] smash was knocked down by [FILTERED] for the putout . (Filtered Words: 3)
Against Seebohm formidable foes have taken the field , notably [FILTERED] , whose Domesday Book And Beyond was written expressly for this purpose , and Sir [FILTERED] whose The Growth Of The Manor had a similar aim . (Filtered Words: 2)
There were umbrella tents , wall tents , cottage tents , station wagon tents , pup tents , Pop tents , [FILTERED] tents , tents with exterior frames , camper trailers , travel trailers , and even a few surplus parachutes serving as sunshades over entire family camps . (Filtered Words: 1)
When the crowd was asked whether it wanted to wait one more term to make the race , it voted no -- and there were no dissents . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have been grand to Formosa itself -- lots of aid , and , most of the time , a policy of support for the offshore islands . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we were asked why we thought so , we should say that these things involve great evil and are wrong , and that to take delight in what is evil or wrong is plainly unfitting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since an objective viewer might well conclude that this is not a situation that would often arise , the film's extensive discussion of the problem seems , at best , superfluous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Molly already has her cotillion gown , and it's fitted , says her mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
This young man had so little time to learn he had to be curious ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone held his or her breath . (Filtered Words: 0)
He gasped for air and the impact tore his hand from the rail . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this point [FILTERED] , long an advocate of patent peace in the industry , became chairman of the patents committee of the National Automobile Chamber of Commerce , successor to the Automobile Board of Trade . (Filtered Words: 1)
And so , let us remember on this day not only to thank the Almighty Who gave hope and courage to the Pilgrims , but also to place our trust in Him that He will continue to protect us in the future as He has in the past . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was aware of a humid look in her eyes that told me the time was opportune . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seven million families would total 30 million Americans or more . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] reports that residents of East St. Louis have been driving across the Mississippi , through the heart of downtown St. Louis and out to the western suburbs for major shopping , simply because parking is easier at the big branches than it is in the heart of town . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] actually writes his with a nice ear for a gracefully composed sentence , with an intense relish in all the metaphorical resources of English , with a thick shower of sophisticated , cultural references . (Filtered Words: 1)
Clearly not . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man shoved him into the water , then ran past the cabana . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am a carpet salesman . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tapes show that . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took pride in his hiding . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think we were very tired , for we awoke at the same moment , deeply rested , surprised to see the late morning sun on the windows , which were wet where the rime had melted . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hated being dragged into the salons of these aristocrats . (Filtered Words: 0)
A big car was approaching , its chrome teeth grinning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , you'll wobble and weave quite a bit at first . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gun waited . (Filtered Words: 0)
Often she fails to gain sexual satisfaction '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
fruit does nicely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Being blistered for curbs has delayed his work somewhat . (Filtered Words: 0)
The maturity in this point of view lies in its recognition that no basic problem is ever solved without being clearly understood . (Filtered Words: 0)
This difference is made up of many factors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the editorial added prophetically : `` how far they may reach in Asia is yet undetermined , but they fall far short of our dreams of the war conferences '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The road to a guaranteed-neutral , coup-proof Laos is today almost as difficult as warfare on that nation's terrain . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) Over the years , individuals engaged in the sale of real estate have developed remarkable unity in the methods and practices employed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Myra appreciated nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why do we let the Germans do this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These keys are the working principles of physics , mathematics and astronomy , principles which are then extrapolated , or projected , to explain phenomena of which we have little or no direct knowledge . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In August our dealers sold 13% more farm machinery than a year earlier and in September retail sales were 14% higher than last year '' , says [FILTERED] , farm equipment vice president of International Harvester Co. . (Filtered Words: 1)
A system had to be used which did not depend upon the feeding of the fluid into the manometer if measurements of the normal pressure were to be made in a reasonable time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Table 1 immediately below shows the rate of growth of vehicles and employees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both [FILTERED] Social Democrats , who gained 22 seats in the new parliament , and the Free Democrats , who picked up 23 , will insist on that before they enter the government . (Filtered Words: 1)
Currency : (Filtered Words: 0)
After another two weeks , the first young emerge , four to eight small daughters that begin to play the role of worker bees , collecting pollen and nectar in the field and caring for the new young generation while the queen retires to a life of egg laying . (Filtered Words: 0)
Needless to say , the organic load was very low on a volumetric basis , but was 270 lb BOD/day/acre on a surface loading basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Spanish Steps . (Filtered Words: 0)
An Italian poet had noticed plainclothes policemen lounging around the area of Quirinal Palace , the first time since the war . (Filtered Words: 0)
On this issue , then , as on so many in these months , [FILTERED] and Swift took rigidly opposed points of view . (Filtered Words: 1)
The monitor of this discourse grinned with pride and amusement as Helva's tone indicated pity for the unfortunate . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the anniversary of her father's death she poured out with agonized tears her feelings of guilt about not having attended his funeral . (Filtered Words: 0)
The death of Mr. [FILTERED] removes the United Nations' most controversial leader . (Filtered Words: 1)
He made a sound of despair deep in his throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Indochina struggle was a war to stay out of in 1954 , when Gen. [FILTERED] estimated it would take a minimum of 10 to 15 divisions at the outset to win a war the French were losing . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yeah , passed your road block as I drove in '' , I said , sitting on his polished desk . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Kezziah , for Miss Kizzie '' , he suggested . (Filtered Words: 0)
The husband and wife should start with this anatomical information clearly in mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Division one of the parade will be the service academies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually there are more factors to good site planning than first impressions . (Filtered Words: 0)
We made it back to the Harbor in less than four minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her action was involuntary . (Filtered Words: 0)
With lyrical intensity they reveal what they hate , but their faith in love , inspired by the revolutionary rhythms of jazz , culminates in the climax of the orgasm . (Filtered Words: 0)
He appeared in the hopples about November 14 , was treated for worms on the 18th , the latter date being the first time he struck a real pace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here's why : (Filtered Words: 0)
it incorporates an automatic knot-tying device on each spindle , and it will knot a break in the yarn in 10 seconds as well as tie in new bobbins as the running end is exhausted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wednesday morning it happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Land (Filtered Words: 0)
At the Fifteenth Anniversary ( 1896 ) as already quoted , [FILTERED] projected with force and eloquence the Spelman of the Future as a college of first rank , with expanding and unlimited horizons . (Filtered Words: 1)
airdrops and airstrips ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The place smelled strongly of rank , fertile earth , rotting wood and urine . (Filtered Words: 0)
This sum spent for foreign economic aid , the peace corps , food for peace , or any other program to solve the problems of the underdeveloped countries would be an investment that would pay off in world peace , increased world trade , and prosperity for every country on the globe . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has shown considerable ingenuity in adapting his earliest symbols and devices to the new work , and the fact that he has kept a body of constant symbols through all of his experiments gives an unexpected continuity to his poetry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Swinging up then , and bending forward over the horn , he urged his mount down the meandering draw . (Filtered Words: 0)
Direct method . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I could use some help '' , Morgan said finally , `` but I can't afford to pay you anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sat quietly watching the manager come nearer . (Filtered Words: 1)
After these treatments the conjugate did not stain healthy or crown gall sweet clover tissues or stained them a very faint green which was easily distinguishable from the bright yellow-green specific staining . (Filtered Words: 0)
The blaze was spreading to the frame buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , on a desk , is a stack of pamphlets representing the efforts of some of the best men of the day to penetrate these questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
two American Watercolor Society prizes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't want us to get married . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had been commissioned in the Medical Service Corps and was serving as a personnel officer for the Kansas City Medical Depot when he decided that if he was going to make the Army his career , he wanted to be in the fighting part of it . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Don't you go a step nearer her than I do '' , [FILTERED] warned , `` and if you do , go at a run so you'll have momentum '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
It was not a discourteous question , [FILTERED] decided . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of such hidden meanings the patient himself is , more often than not , entirely unaware . (Filtered Words: 0)
What do you think I did with them '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What are they doing on Mars '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED]' '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
His purpose , however , was not to establish an empire , but to assert the principle of divine justice . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Have you spoken to a doctor about it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Pops was taking long ones , but not showing the effect yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another boy's model is the (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the law as it existed until 1943 , the Federal Government made grants to the States on the basis of population , matching State expenditures on a 50-50 basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The existence of a community is a state of mind -- a conviction that goals and values are widely shared , that effective communication is possible , that mutual trust is reasonably assured . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , the bridal pair has many adjustments to make to their new situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was jesting in the expansive mood of the successful banker . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` A miracle , a revelation , it was like a curtain suddenly torn away to reveal something nude '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A portable kerosene range designed for use aboard boats is sold with a special railing to keep it from moving with the motion of the vessel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Positive results start when it goes towards the hand you use to make your mark '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next question is whether board members favor their own social classes in their roles as educational policy-makers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lighting my pipe , I took a walk . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] hesitated a moment . (Filtered Words: 1)
The functions F and B have exactly the same multiplicity at every argument T . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we have not thought and made a decision entirely in these terms , then we need to submit ourselves to the following `` simple test '' : `` Have we decided how we are to kill the other members of our household in the event of our being less injured than they are '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In haste he labored to finish some last abstract paintings : a three-panel frieze , with a flying figure and a fallen figure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We misjudged you '' , he said slowly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's -- cold '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To both the amateur and the commercial progandist the analyst lacks a soul , lacks appreciation with his endless probings and classifications . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stared at him , her eyes wide as she thought about what he had said ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Abnormal pressure , applied over a period of time , produces a change in the bony deposit , so a tooth functions normally in the new position into which it has been guided . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ridiculous '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Even if he angry , [FILTERED] wouldn't hurt a woman . (Filtered Words: 1)
When the information cell for Af has been determined , it is saved as a representation of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
By 1853 , the new partnership announced the precision vernier caliper as the first fruit of their joint efforts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her mother was a [FILTERED] and her father's family came from the Orkney Isles . (Filtered Words: 1)
The unit consists of a small motor that goes on as soon as it is plugged in . (Filtered Words: 0)
To swim is true , and to sink is true . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And from now on , for the rest of this trip , I will only drink what you agree that I should drink '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She might peel him , once the worst of the agony was over . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] scanned the skies , the boards , and the skies again . (Filtered Words: 1)
The constancy of P and the independence are the conditions most likely to give trouble in practice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though in civil rights legislation in 1957 and 1960 the provision for the Attorney General to act was eliminated , should we nevertheless support such a clause ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I guess it was at that moment that I realized what I was up against in the person of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The strength of the History is also its weakness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another moment and they were out of sight , leaving behind only a string of bubbles as a clue to their whereabouts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nine o'clock is the rush hour , when the busses are jammed , and by nine-thirty the restaurants are beginning to fill . (Filtered Words: 0)
The positivist theory would here distort our meaning beyond recognition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such academic statesmen as [FILTERED] were consulted . (Filtered Words: 1)
They have an enviable record of being able to place in employment 100% of their graduates . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` People never live forever '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you want to talk to her , Doctor '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Government reported last week that the index of prices received by farmers rose in the month ended at mid-September for the third consecutive month , reaching 242% of the 1910-14 average compared with 237% at mid-July . (Filtered Words: 0)
Doctrine was not only mysterious ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the lawman who survived more gunfights than any other famous gun-slinging character in the book . (Filtered Words: 0)
The low compulsive child was one who appeared relatively unconcerned about such matters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Muller's would have to be one of the half dozen almost directly opposite . (Filtered Words: 0)
By studying high speed movies made of this type of failure , the sequence of relationships as schematically illustrated in [FILTERED]. 9 could be observed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gun cleared his throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't even bother to wipe himself off and he chopped part of Pa's door down before he stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
In Maryland the Harford County Board of Education had prepared a desegregation plan which the Court approved but which a plaintiff had challenged ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Fragment A has been obtained in crystalline form as a dioxalate salt and free base . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the secretary insists that the success of the American farmer is the `` greatest single source of strength '' in the struggle to insure freedom around the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was disappointed to find a nervous , scrawny woman with a big hat standing at the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man of great talent , he will continue to serve as a sort of Presidential trouble-shooter , strictly ex officio , for culture . (Filtered Words: 0)
For that reason , he informed her , the Lord made the sky blue . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they had licked the last of the wieners' taste from their fingers , they settled back , and Cappy offered [FILTERED] a cigarette . (Filtered Words: 1)
Trenton (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither growth nor a development program can be imposed on a country ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
we cover each of these with our blanket of peas and then at last we have octillion peas corresponding in number to the atoms in the body . (Filtered Words: 0)
for the developments in these areas make sense only if they are connected to the age of revolution itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the radiation may be so intense at the start that one percent may be extremely dangerous . (Filtered Words: 0)
This does not allow the mystery to invade us . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was blurred , after two hours of steady drinking , but the occasion of it came back to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were to be kept on , to hold in the 32 souls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Require each employee to work his last shift both before and after the holiday to be eligible for pay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he heard it and smelled it -- the steady hissing , the dread , familiar pungency of gas escaping . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many a motel owner -- when we've stopped there again -- has remembered us and has said he preferred our dogs to most children . (Filtered Words: 0)
New York ( AP ) (Filtered Words: 0)
If we look at recent art we find it preoccupied with form . (Filtered Words: 0)
These include encouragement of , and assistance to , the engineer in preparation and publication of technical papers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The major areas of self-help are the following : ( A ) the effective mobilizing of resources . (Filtered Words: 0)
To a novice that is significant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
In short , scientific sampling was introduced in place of subjective sampling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rector was often curious ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That , at any rate , is what happens at the Khaju bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Independence Day celebration will be properly observed with a big military and civic parade from West Warwick to [FILTERED] in [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Foliage will glow at formal fall party (Filtered Words: 0)
With one hand she held her skirt down while she took [FILTERED]'s extended hand with the other . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ann was plainly disappointed in his appearance . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the stuff of tragedy was not truly present and the play became only comedy acted rather slowly . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] hardly looked at him . (Filtered Words: 1)
They do not destroy physical structures as is true of high explosives . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bridget's testimony was in direct contradiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The special guard , however , was still posted on [FILTERED] bridge . (Filtered Words: 1)
Someone evidently was on duty there . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is , to begin , an important sex difference . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Old Crip wasn't '' , retorted Cobb tartly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The chemical nature of the iodocompounds is discussed below ( pp. 76 et seq. ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inheritance in mice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Go to the same hotel and occupy the same suite -- 1105 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's he doing there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Aristide ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just as soon as I go to the bank , and '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] scanned the faces of the others nearest him , looked into their staring eyes . (Filtered Words: 1)
I inquired . (Filtered Words: 0)
His political career goes back to his election to city council in 1923 . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Industry costs (Filtered Words: 0)
The first question is : Would I like to live here ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His brown face looked gray from dirt streaks where his hand had come off the dusty pavement and rubbed across it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a trick they used to try and conceal their identity when they followed trucks to check their speed . (Filtered Words: 0)
As might be expected , girls in this situation bleed very little and perhaps not at all in the process of losing their virginity . (Filtered Words: 0)
And counting noses , they seemed to have the votes to work their will . (Filtered Words: 0)
Examples where independence fails . (Filtered Words: 0)
348 U. S. , at 412-413 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Byron inquired . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bomb Berlin ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The wife is likely to be young , sophisticated , smart as a whip -- often a girl who has sacrificed a promising career for marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kissed her . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the hero of this work by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] is a chap embittered by more than the lack of beer during a jam session . (Filtered Words: 2)
Our book of etiquette (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't you be afraid , Violet '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
With the source of light behind the copy , there is no loss of lumen output , as with conventional boards illuminated by means of reflected light . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is no surprising trait for a ballplayer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The higher heat transfer rates at the anode compared with those at the cathode can be explained by the physical phenomena occurring in free burning arcs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turnover rates of personnel went up , production dropped , and morale was visibly reduced . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] lit his pipe with no comfort . (Filtered Words: 1)
Bern demands that the Lord's Supper be administered here as it used to be , with unleavened bread . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was visiting C.C.B. and , not waiting for breakfast , he was off to the University Club , where he spent hours writing obituaries of living Americans for The Manchester Guardian or The Glasgow Herald . (Filtered Words: 1)
Laboratory measurements of interstellar radio spectra . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also spoke of `` the wealth piled by the bondsman's two hundred and fifty years in unrequited toil '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Respondents' practices in participating in advertised bidding for defense business ( Part C of the questionnaire ) 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rhode Island's reimburseable rate of $.07 per mile for use of personally-owned cars compares favorably with other states' rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Some suspensions break up before they are near to the direction of shear , and some become asymptotic to it without breakup . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several companies also saw possibilities in using the technique for extruding or molding vinyl products with a slight cellular core that would reduce costs yet would not affect physical properties of the end product to any great extent . (Filtered Words: 0)
This seems naive . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Presiding Elder was sure that that would be impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we grasp this opportunity to build an age of productive partnership between the less fortunate nations and those that have already achieved a high state of economic advancement , we will make brighter the outlook for a world order based upon security and freedom . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that time , the people at the bank said they felt that they had the situation in hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fixed monthly allowances are a controversial subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a brief chapter dealing with `` Various Other Diagnoses '' , he quotes isolated passages from some writers whose views seem to corroborate his own , and finds it `` most remarkable that a critical view of twentieth-century society was already held by a number of thinkers living in the nineteenth . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the light from the bedside table his father looked so worried that the promise spilled out . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was multi-colored and graceful and he lay in the furrow and moved his arched and tapered head only so slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The best course is to recover his physical excitement by a change of pace that makes him ardent again . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concept remains subjective . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hans got an axe . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is what , in a technical sense , to `` only permit '' an evil result means . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just say he likes swimming , tennis , chess and music '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He crawled into bed and switched off the light . (Filtered Words: 0)
The local decorator who rushes in for a few hours of teaching may but more likely may not have these qualifications . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the well-fed U.S. , deficiency diseases have virtually vanished in the past 20 years . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've been looking for them , and they're gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Problems in marketing management (Filtered Words: 0)
We have also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , he told the `` skyjackers '' , the 707 didn't carry enough fuel to reach Havana ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional note on allotments . (Filtered Words: 0)
In short , it was centered around learning how to develop a more sensitive empathy . (Filtered Words: 0)
( cf. Hempel and Oppenheim , 1948 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
How was he to suspect that an assassin had been lurking somewhere across the street waiting for just such a chance ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They were followed by crack North Korean troops , who mounted one charge after another . (Filtered Words: 0)
There had been supper parties and teas , fetes and little balls , Mama small and pretty and gay and Papa enormously jocular , enormously possessive , the sun around which the [FILTERED] planets revolved . (Filtered Words: 1)
4 (Filtered Words: 0)
the three others had to be spread somewhat , and are headed respectively Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , whereas in Interstate Commerce Commission parlance `` variable cost '' means a cost deemed to vary in direct proportion to changes in rate of output , in the type of analysis now under review `` variable cost '' has been used more broadly , so as to cover costs which , while a function of some one variable ( such as output of energy , or number of customers ) , are not necessarily a linear function . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wager between God and Satan brings on the destiny of Faust , but Faust assumes his role voluntarily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of those who question the value of BW have assumed that the only potential would be in the establishment of epidemics . (Filtered Words: 0)
After leaving [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] joined the Benny Goodman band as a vocalist . (Filtered Words: 2)
A million tons of rock and soil and brush . (Filtered Words: 0)
He says nothing that compresses experience within a closed pattern . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shrugged . (Filtered Words: 0)
When we repeat the remark that such suffering was a bad thing , the feeling with which we made it last week may be at or near the vanishing point , but if we were asked whether we meant to say what we did before , we should certainly answer Yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Union Pacific Railroad streamliner , City of San Francisco , stopped in Ogden , Utah , for a few minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the summer of 1960 the oxidation pond became completely septic and emitted obnoxious odors . (Filtered Words: 0)
When , in 1832 , the South Carolina nullifiers adopted the principle of state interposition which [FILTERED] had advanced in his old [FILTERED] , they elicited no encouragement from that senior statesman . (Filtered Words: 2)
All of Adams' work reflects this dogmatic characteristic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others , which are reached by walking up a single flight of stairs , have balconies . (Filtered Words: 0)
the prime minister knew who his enemy was here ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be interesting to know how much `` integration '' there is in the famous , fashionable colleges and prep schools of New England . (Filtered Words: 0)
Opponents generally argued that the ballot couldn't give enough information about tax proposals for the voters to make an intelligent choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Traffic on that road slumped sharply in January and February , as compared with those same months in 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
How , then , do the kinesthetic sensations function in all this ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The proteins and fats are burned off , and the cholesterol is left behind . (Filtered Words: 0)
This approach rejects virtually all field measurements . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the first reports , [FILTERED]'s horse wheeled to the right and ran towards the buildings while [FILTERED] , followed by a hail of bullets , raced towards the arroyo of [FILTERED]'s Canyon immediately in front of him , just reaching it as his horse fell . (Filtered Words: 3)
He tightened up in a twinkling . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Over the rattling of fenders , humming of tires and chattering of gears there was a charming melody of whispers and tiny giggles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The vulture-like attendance of the Pocket family upon Miss [FILTERED] is summed up in the hypocritical gestures of Miss [FILTERED] , who puts her hand to her throat in a feigned spasm of grief-stricken choking , then lays it `` upon her heaving bosom '' with `` an unnatural fortitude of manner '' , and finally kisses it to Miss [FILTERED] in a parody of the lady's own mannerism toward Estella . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` He'll choke anyway '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was there , in the course of trying to prepare new men for the `` culture shock '' they might encounter in remote overseas posts , that he first began to develop a system of charting the `` norms of human communication '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The matter got into the courts this way : One of the early strikes called by the AWOC was at the [FILTERED] pear orchards in Yuba County . (Filtered Words: 1)
His rock was to the right of a V-shaped inlet , a big , brown , lumpy rock trailing seaweed whiskers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay '' , I said to the attendant , `` I'll let you know if I close the deal on the office in this building '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the only method left for a man to escape from a woman's world . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is particularly interesting that those who framed the report should refer to `` the organization which actually owns the university '' : this seems to show an awareness of the fact that there is more to the problem than the ordinary issue of clerical-lay tension . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then [FILTERED] knew that all of them knew Elaine , himself and Poet . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` And whiskey '' , she said , smiling and blinking at the highball glasses . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would summon him once ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
The radiation processing of meat has received extensive investigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
One doctor prescribed a tablespoon of whiskey or brandy before each meal for leg cramps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , I'd have lost him if it hadn't been for the electronic shadowing device . (Filtered Words: 0)
No turns . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a fine-looking colt with a good body , good set of legs and nice way of going . (Filtered Words: 0)
The secretary sighed with relief and then the telephone clicked in Rector's hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , most products tend to become more complex . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even so , [FILTERED]'s ambassadors can scarcely have foreseen that five years of unremitting work lay ahead of them before peace was finally made and that when it did come the countless embassies that left England for Rome during that period had very little to do with it . (Filtered Words: 1)
as he crossed through the courtyard he regretted it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last year a boy he knows and helped in Journalism won the Thoroughbred Racing Ass'n Scholarship which is worth $10,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] will be responsible for the commercial expansion of VecTrol's line of electronic and electrical power control components as furnished to end equipment manufacturers , working closely with [FILTERED] , President and Director of Engineering of the recently acquired Sprague subsidiary . (Filtered Words: 2)
Thus there was really an excess of eighteenth-century charm as one of these light-weight pieces followed another on Saturday night . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reason is that there is a lack of interest on the part of the community . (Filtered Words: 0)
and ( K ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta , as every artist delights to do , wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and -- especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair -- into the relations of men and women : `` In their relations , she was the giver and he the receiver , nay the demander . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed to cover into -- ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone somehow manages to overlook completely the fact that , as far as we know , there were exactly two people in and about the house at the time of both murders : [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Mae wouldn't have plotted a thing like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] thanked her , and hoped he might meet her nephew back home , and asked her if she had any further news of the Pope . (Filtered Words: 1)
This year-to-year decline for Dallas County closely follows the national trend -- estimated sales of domestic cars in the U.S. for first three months of 1961 were about 1,212,000 or 80 per cent of the total in the first quarter a year earlier . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , [FILTERED] respects his audience and prepares his speeches carefully . (Filtered Words: 1)
Next year 1962 , at [FILTERED] , the Bench Show Committee has raised the requirements so that a junior must win 3 or more Junior Classes in the open division only to qualify for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
this style is characteristically an expression of the communal style of the middle classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He crawled into bed and switched off the light . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a difference might have resulted from : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
His hair was black , already greying at the temples in the classic beauty-idiom , the only one permitted to a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
The subject he liked most was the female body , which he painted in every state -- naked , half-dressed , muffled to the ears , sitting primly in a chair , lying tauntingly on a bed or locked in an embrace . (Filtered Words: 0)
As different physically as the tall , angular [FILTERED] was from the chubby , rotund [FILTERED] , the seven were striking individualists . (Filtered Words: 2)
Blanched peanuts , as prepared for making peanut butter or for eating as nuts , are roasted seeds whose seedcoats have been rubbed off . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I try to work out my reasons for feeling that this passage is of critical significance , I come up with the following ideas , which I shall express very briefly here and revert to in a later essay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until tangible and mutually enforceable arms reduction measures are worked out we will not weaken the means of defending our institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is a student at Tulane university , where he is a member of Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ludie did as he pleased . (Filtered Words: 0)
bushes swished and scratched at her slacks ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Let it be granted then that the theological differences in this area between Protestants and Roman Catholics appear to be irreconcilable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Little war , big test (Filtered Words: 0)
Cady stuck his jaw out . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You might treat it like the hiccups '' , said Papa . (Filtered Words: 0)
Triamcinolone , 16 mg. daily , was resumed and maintained until Feb. 18 , 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a little more authentic than usual because he smelled slightly of the stables . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under scrutiny , two of the witnesses said , were payments and loans to Stein's National Maintenance company at 543 Madison St. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not a word of thanks for what I'd already done . (Filtered Words: 0)
Secretary of the Treasury [FILTERED] owns a prize Monet , Femmes dans un [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , who had once apologized for sending editor Palfrey a book on slavery , now confided that she had helped one of [FILTERED] slaves escape to Canada some years before , but asked him not to advertise the fact in Louisiana . (Filtered Words: 2)
St. Louis U. was to be in action again today with a game scheduled at 4 against Washington University at Ligget Field . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the boy , particularly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two of the clamps are fixed to the edges of the board whereas two clamps travel on guide rails opposite the fixed clamps . (Filtered Words: 0)
he studied them , compared them with what he had been taught as a nestling , struggling to bridge between languages , the one he thought with and the one he was learning to think in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even from where he stood he could see the neatly folded blanket that he had spread over [FILTERED] , the pillow , the sheet of paper on top of it . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But isn't it almost impossible to get into the union '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's my wife [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In this , as in so many aspects of our development assistance activities , the incentive effects of the posture we take are the most important ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
Data on the former are scanty , but there can be little doubt that the latter is sometimes born at a length greater than that of any of the others , thereby lending support to the belief that the anaconda does , indeed , attain the greatest length . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Confederate Constitution copied much of the Federal Constitution verbatim , and most of the rest in substance . (Filtered Words: 0)
they will destroy the shrines , temples , museums , and churches of the state that is the implacable enemy of the life they believe in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once these conditions of international law are met , countries that try to run the blockade do so at their own risk . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wrenched the stake out , that the boy had driven through it in the thickest part of its body , between the colored diamond crystals . (Filtered Words: 0)
And she wanted desperately to see someone she had known back there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Garments . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had no children ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the more extensive and firm the body of doctrine , the firmer the group . (Filtered Words: 0)
But more than one conscientious researcher has been inhibited from completely frank discussion of the available evidence by the less excusable fact that fallout has been made a political issue as well as a scientific problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
what was new yesterday is obsolescent today . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I appreciate beauty '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , skill is required on the part of an operator to level a platform to any degree of accuracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Charlotte , [FILTERED] saw a frankness and a zest for doing things which , after a fashion , he envied . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some offices have very broad responsibilities , touching on almost all aspects of a university's instructional program . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Seems to me last time I was here the grate bellowed out smoke as it might have been preparing us for hell '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This meant sorting out press clippings and the like . (Filtered Words: 0)
The measure allows such companies in those years to apply their mineral depletion allowances to 50% of the value of the finished products rather than the lower value of raw clay alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why not open your heart to the Lord Jesus Christ now , accept Him as your Saviour and let Him fill you with peace that only He can give . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conferences become very popular . (Filtered Words: 0)
Organification of iodine (Filtered Words: 0)
Did you go to their funeral '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This relationship , however , is not maintained centrally . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is a beautiful filly and likes to trot . (Filtered Words: 0)
When drilling all the way through a workpiece , always place a piece of scrap wood underneath . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was taken to a nearby Johnston physician , Dr. [FILTERED] , who treated him . (Filtered Words: 2)
The Belgians also placed great emphasis on education . (Filtered Words: 0)
The contributions were ahead of what she had got the previous year , and while the money , of course , was not hers , it excited her to stuff her kit with big checks . (Filtered Words: 0)
He then applied this principle of reciprocal inhibition to human neuroses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cattle stealing and killing , again serious during the spring of 1891 , placed the land grant company officers in a perplexing position . (Filtered Words: 0)
His credulity is perhaps best illustrated in his introduction to The Emancipation Of Massachusetts , which purports to examine the trials of Moses and to draw a parallel between the leader of the Israelite exodus from Egypt and the leadership of the Puritan clergy in colonial New England . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cap this assembly ( with spacing bars in place ) with a Af bar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gross answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked why , he replied primly : `` Because that's no activity for a gentleman '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He in turn told her she demanded too much . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite the rejection of the traditional accounts on many points of detail , as late as 1948 it was still possible to postulate a massive and comparatively sudden ( beginning in ca. 450 ) influx of Germans as the type of invasions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each scene is shot straight through , as had been the universal custom , from a camera fixed in a single position , but in the outdoor scenes , especially in the capture and destruction of the outlaws , [FILTERED]'s camera position breaks , necessarily , with the camera position standard until then , which had been , roughly , that of a spectator in a center orchestra seat at a play . (Filtered Words: 1)
the Rees undoubtedly would try to cut down as many of the animals as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
clinging to the enemy-Jew idea , he is forced to overcome habits of politeness and neighborliness ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked tiredly . (Filtered Words: 1)
The youngsters sell stock , produce and sell a product , pay taxes , and show a profit or loss just like full-scale businesses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Martin guessed that Dolores would not be so eager to tell the next installment of her story . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here comes Jason . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prick frankfurters with fork ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All the more reason why there should have been no place for the frills ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Not when she'd waited so long already . (Filtered Words: 0)
They reached Fort Douglas in June 1820 . (Filtered Words: 0)
If this seems arbitrary , its effect was to treat citizens of the District of Columbia equally with citizens of the states -- at the expense of expanding a troublesome jurisdiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've been mucking in a mine in the San Juan , but I used to work on a ranch . (Filtered Words: 0)
An inmate , a former university professor , expounded to us , logically and clearly , that someone was pilfering his thoughts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Control of the government -- such control as there was and such government as there was -- passed into the hands of [FILTERED] , chief of staff of the Congolese army . (Filtered Words: 1)
The only lasting difficulty was the food . (Filtered Words: 0)
An advantage of being exposed to such specificity about an important and recurring feature of social reality is that it can be taken advantage of by the reader to examine covert as well as overt resonances within himself , resonances triggered by explicit symbols clustering around the central figure of the Jew . (Filtered Words: 0)
Family Service , sharing in UGF , has five agencies in the Washington area . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
He threw the lasso . (Filtered Words: 0)
Money , so important a theme elsewhere in [FILTERED] , is here central , and hands are often associated in some way with the false values -- acquisitiveness , snobbery , self-interest , hypocrisy , toadyism , irresponsibility , injustice -- that attach to a society based upon the pursuit of wealth . (Filtered Words: 1)
But then , neither was peaked . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could think of no answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- If there are outside windows in the basement corner where you build a shelter , they should be shielded as shown in the Appendix , page 29 . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the making recently of an important Biblical film , some 40 volumes of research material and sketches not only of costumes and interiors , but of architectural developments , sports arenas , vehicles , and other paraphernalia were compiled , consulted , and complied with . (Filtered Words: 0)
An old shipwreck , a high dam , an old covered bridge , a place to find agates or other semi-precious stones or a place to pan gold , etcetera may be of interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Writers openly admit that the Negro is easier to write than the white man ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Brooklyn College is [FILTERED] territory , as much as the Bronx or Central Park West . (Filtered Words: 1)
Travel allowances . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was nice to be able to isolate it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Your trigger-happy brother isn't in the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
10% of them worried about their friends , neighbors , and relatives , most of whom were quite capable of taking care of themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think I would have been much disappointed in Japan if I had not seen Kyoto , Nara , and Hiroshima . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perfect , he thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nouns and adjectives in a written tradition are chosen for the nonce ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Who could blame her for that ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I think all this could apply to Parker just as well , although , because of the nature of music , it is not demonstrable -- at least not conclusively . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the children maneuvered out of range of the poking index finger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Below him , as if at the end of some remote tunnel , he heard the humming of a vacuum cleaner . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The three leaders of Laos agreed today to begin negotiations tomorrow on forming a coalition government that would unite the war-ridden kingdom . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to the collection of service charges , the special districts levy annual property taxes of approximately $450,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He remembered seeing it last night , when he put away his small store of bachelor-type eatables . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] tried to contain her curiosity and foreboding at what the letter portended , at what involvement existed for Juanita . (Filtered Words: 1)
Serum potassium at this time was 3.8 mEq. per liter , and the hemoglobin was 13.9 gm. By Dec. 1 , 1958 , the weakness in the pelvic and quadriceps muscle groups was appreciably worse , and it became difficult for the patient to rise unaided from a sitting or reclining position . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's make a list of your assets '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had Krim gone farther from New York than Chapel Hill , he might have discovered that large numbers of American Jews do not find his New York version of the Jews' lot remotely recognizable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only in popular thought but in that of the highly educated as well was this true . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cocktail party (Filtered Words: 0)
It is rather that introducing them into social analysis reflects not so much a search for truth as for certainty . (Filtered Words: 0)
In America also all of our major religious bodies officially sanction a universalistic ethic which is reflective of our common religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hesperus ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Georgia's Department of Agriculture is intensifying its fire ant eradication program in an effort to stay ahead of the fast-spreading pest . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , daughter of the Ludlow Flowers Jr. , to [FILTERED] , son of the David Huntingtons . (Filtered Words: 2)
So did Poet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the pain was considerable [FILTERED] was not too concerned . (Filtered Words: 1)
The majority then went to the infant Oberlin . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I will , kitten '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody , he suddenly realized , was saying anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
On spring and summer evenings people leave their shops and houses and walk up through the lanes of the city to the bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Christ preaching the Sermon on the Mount , close to his ultimate sacrifice ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was a war veteran with battle-shattered knees . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was grimly satisfied . (Filtered Words: 0)
The engagement was supposed to be all set for the big theater in McCormick Place , which [FILTERED] , ballet booker extraordinary , considers the finest house of its kind in the country -- and of course he doesn't weep at the capacity , either . (Filtered Words: 1)
Square corner- and gate posts were an open-work pattern of cast-iron foliage ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( see Chapter 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Backstairs , the maids cried a little over that , and the standing invitation was not mentioned to Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Aside from the fact that business was slow this time of year and his one salesgirl was not the most enterprising , Mr. [FILTERED] had no worries at all , and he said as much to [FILTERED] , who sat across from him in civilian clothes , on a Jiffy-Couch-a-Bed , mauve velour , $79.89 nothing-down special ! ! (Filtered Words: 2)
The fact that AIA lists might not have been selected on a random basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1952 Mr. [FILTERED] won all but Missouri . (Filtered Words: 1)
The darkening world scene , at the time of the Munich Pact , continued to trouble his mind even in his remote Virginia studio . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You are right now , buddy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The train had slowed . (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] ) where he had been driven by a companion . (Filtered Words: 1)
His technique is genuinely masterful . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was readying a batch of sourdough biscuits for the Dutch oven . (Filtered Words: 0)
She studied him briefly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Student leaders began sporadic efforts to negotiate theater integration several months ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
What manner of person does [FILTERED] appear to have been when as an undergraduate he resided at Christ's College ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Obviously , [FILTERED] was not . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is well liked by the children and faculty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] had obligingly pushed things around on the porch to make room for it , and there it was , slung in a vine-shaded corner , the night breeze rippling its fringe with a slow , caressing movement . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` She'd better step on it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then a full-time planning office will be established in Rome to work with a five-member Georgia Tech research staff for development of an area planning and industrial development program . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , but what're we gonna eat ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
By ( 1 ) , the image of this pencil is a ruled surface of order Af which is met by the plane of the pencil in a curve , C , of order Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
This can only be for one of two reasons : either the two are quite different and will require totally different theory ( and hence techniques ) , or our existing theories are insufficiently general . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other studies , loss of differentiation in previously established conditioned reflexes resulted from repeated convulsive ( metrazol ) treatments , suggesting a fundamental disturbance in the balance between excitatory and inhibitory cerebral processes . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the New York Times : (Filtered Words: 0)
Does it put the label of un-American or subversive on everyone with whom it disagrees politically ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He could hear Mrs. [FILTERED] now , warning her pale guest against sunburn . (Filtered Words: 1)
The tenacity with which present metaphysical attitudes fetishize private intuition offers the strongest evidence that the gulf between scientific and delphic ways of philosophizing is built into the present conflict over the limits and purpose of science , religion and ideology . (Filtered Words: 0)
A state of parasympathetic `` tuning '' of the hypothalamus induced experimentally causes not only an increase in the parsympathetic reactivity of this structure to direct and reflexly induced stimuli , but leads also to an autonomic reversal : a stimulus acting sympathetically under control conditions elicits in this state of tuning a parasympathetic response ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dark Kingdom sends Angels of Death and other fateful messengers down to us with stern tenderness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Get copper or earthenware mugs that keep beer chilled or soup hot . (Filtered Words: 0)
however , he will have a clearer understanding of what he is doing and the chances are he will be more successful if he understands the few formulas that apply to rodding . (Filtered Words: 0)
Except when you prepare `` do it yourself '' shish kebob or a lobster roast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps the army will be able to maintain stability , but the vacuum of free institutions creates a great danger . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would appear that it should be possible to determine unique mechanisms for the thermal and photochemical reactions in both the liquid and gas phases and to determine values for activation energies of some of the intermediate reactions of atoms and free radicals , as well as information on the heat of dissociation of the carbon-halogen bond . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just cleared out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The scant flesh grew cool beneath her frantic hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or maybe it's sheer xenophobia . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had been one of the first to collect her wits . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outline plans for the entire service . (Filtered Words: 0)
The images can easily be aligned with a high degree of accuracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two facets of this aspect of the literary process have special significance for our time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not there '' , he said , getting back onto his horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
It gave him a good feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Court held that federal jurisdiction should not be exercised lest the domestic policy of the state be obstructed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Here is the world of the chauffeured limousine and the gossip reporter , of caviar on stale crackers and the warm martini , of the poseur , the spy , the party crasher , and the patriot , of the rented tails , the double cross , and the tired Lothario . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wondered if he had played it wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
The self-realized Mahayana saint possessed superhuman powers and magic . (Filtered Words: 0)
I never heard of a poll being taken on the question . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result was an agreement that the Lublin Government should be `` reorganized on a broader democratic basis with the inclusion of democratic leaders from Poland itself and from the Poles abroad '' , and pledged to hold `` free and unfettered elections as soon as possible on the basis of universal suffrage and secret ballot '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first one said , `` He sure does shake . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , you have to face facts and realize that a man who's been in the Marine Corps all his life doesn't understand much about politics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cultures taken from the jejunum yielded Monilia albicans , Pseudomonas pyocanea , [FILTERED] aerogenes , and Streptococcus anhemolyticus . (Filtered Words: 1)
and was there apprenticed to a builder and architect , Moody Spofford . (Filtered Words: 0)
The full implementation of these noble words , however , has taken the efforts of five sessions of the Legislature . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was free but she was bound to her duties that not even the coming of Meltzer lightened . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said that when he was a Socialist in 1910 , the party called for government operation of all utilities and the pooling of all resources . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may remind one of Russia , China or East Berlin ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When mold has more than one design cavity , make individual paper patterns . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Y.M.C.A. and Y.W.C.A. at [FILTERED] are connected with the corresponding national organizations and carry out their general purposes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] are co-chairmen this year . (Filtered Words: 2)
I got there on a Saturday evening . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fences stretched on endlessly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would have to work without questioning the motives which made him work and content himself with the thought that the eventual victory , however it was brought about , would be sweet indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we let them go , they won't stay away , they'll find men to ride with them and they'll be back . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new interchange among the four Los Angeles freeways , including the grade-constructed accesses , occupies by itself no less than eighty acres of downtown land , one-eighth of a square mile , an area about the size of Rockefeller Center in New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
This passion brings on a fit which proves fatal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't work too hard '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without really changing the general subject , I take this opportunity to confess that I am troubled by doubts , not only about pacifism , but also when asked to join in the protest against a law that most of those who consider themselves humane and liberal seem to regard as obviously barbarous ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She overplayed her hand '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the light of those events , there appeared to be a real danger that Premier [FILTERED] might overreach himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
Besides doing a single song , `` When The Sun Comes Out '' , they worked on the ambitious American-Negro Suite , for voices and piano , as well as songs for films . (Filtered Words: 0)
They try to play baseball the best they can . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are 151 items in the [FILTERED] show , including one painting by each member of the `` Eight '' , as well as work by Sloan's friends and students . (Filtered Words: 1)
Everyone who loves is born of God , and knows God . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the fairly brief but hectic history of Florida , the developers of waterfront land have too often wound up with both their land and ours . (Filtered Words: 0)
but I am so aware of an uninterrupted continuity of the persona or ego that I see only as absurd the tendency of some psychologists from Heraclitus to Pirandello and Proust to regard consciousness as no more than a flux amid which nothing remains unchanged . (Filtered Words: 0)
His English was usable and he used it fearlessly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No -- please . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or someone had taken it during her first day at Honotassa . (Filtered Words: 0)
He scarcely saw them . (Filtered Words: 0)
It includes operational intelligence of the enemy and knowledge of the environment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only hope for West Berlin lies in a compromise which will bring down the wall and reunite the city . (Filtered Words: 0)
The results of present observations of the thermal radio emission of the moon are consistent with the very low thermal conductivity of the surface layer which was derived from the variation in the infrared emission during eclipses ( e.g. , Garstung , 1958 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
If it is an honest feeling , then why should she not yield to it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Del Mar , Calif. , Feb. 3 (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s interests . (Filtered Words: 1)
A very casual , pleasant program -- one of those easy-going things that make Newport's afternoon programs such a relaxing delight -- was held again under sunny skies , hot sun , and a fresh breeze for an audience of at least a couple of thousands who came to Newport to hear music rather than go to the beach . (Filtered Words: 0)
His nose up . (Filtered Words: 0)
This escape from control has led to management's evaluating the risk of occasional irrational prosecution as worth while . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , too much does not happen too suddenly , nor does very little take long . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pip's abject leave-taking of [FILTERED] , during which he kneels to kiss her hand , signalizes his homage to a supposed patroness who seems to be opening up for him a new world of glamour ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The embarrassment of these theories over the naturalness of death is an illustration of the thesis that death cannot be only a punishment , for some termination seems necessary in a life that is lived within the natural order of time and change . (Filtered Words: 0)
For him to divorce God and wife simultaneously would be bad publicity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes those who know about them are too far down the line to be able to do anything about them . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked , turning slowly . (Filtered Words: 0)
I heard her murmur , `` We'd better lock the door '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was just quarter of nine . (Filtered Words: 0)
This invariably effaces any wine's character , and drives its fragrance underground . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I tell you he is innocent '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they have to take any car , they'd rather take the big one . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Farm Credit Administration , an independent agency located within the Department of Agriculture , supervises and coordinates a cooperative credit system for agriculture . (Filtered Words: 0)
His advice , his voice saying his poems , the fact that he had not so much as touched her -- on the contrary , he had put his head back and she had stroked his hair -- this was all new . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unlike [FILTERED] , who at times seemed almost anti-intellectual in his earthy pragmatism . (Filtered Words: 1)
The expedition that had discovered Ozagen had succeeded in correlating two thousand [FILTERED] words with an equal number of American words . (Filtered Words: 1)
These hard-surface cleaners are discussed in Chapter 28 . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , maybe not too much of a lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Some day '' , I told [FILTERED] , `` that guy will kill us both '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
They were pursuing him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alas , to Ann's consternation , his language while thus employed left much to be desired . (Filtered Words: 0)
The careless writing was in keeping with his mood of savage discontent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unit prices for state vehicles are invariably lower than to the general public . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because if you can't then nobody else can either , nobody else can have him . (Filtered Words: 0)
that Mrs. [FILTERED] would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The final sample was not significantly different from a normal distribution in regard to reading achievement or intelligence test scores . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there he was at the train with an Oregon State pennant in his hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
After blotting out most of the liquid around the sections , the latter were mounted in buffered glycerine ( 7 parts glycerine to 3 parts of PBS ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The main requirement is to be sure the boat is numbered according to the regulations of the state in which the boat will be principally used . (Filtered Words: 0)
A red filter , Zeiss barrier filter with the code ( Schott ) designation BG 23 , was also used in the ocular lens assembly as it improved the contrast between specific and nonspecific fluorescence . (Filtered Words: 0)
This constitutes about 17 percent of the long-range requirements for these facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Time-servers , though the periphrastic expressions are , they may nevertheless be handsome or ironic or humorous . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Indonesia Military Supreme Court has confirmed the death sentence passed on [FILTERED] , an American pilot . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
If only this could be done more often -- with such heartening results -- many of the earth's `` big problems '' would shrink to the insignificances they really are . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ornament is confabulation in the interstices of structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the University of Washington Medical School , the electronics group has developed the `` Respiratory Gas Analyzer '' shown in Fig. 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The beatnik , seceding from a society that is fatally afflicted with a deathward drive , is concerned with his personal salvation in the living present . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a long commentary which he has inserted in the published text of the first act of the play , he says at one point : `` However , that experience never raised a doubt in his mind as to the reality of the underworld or the existence of [FILTERED]'s many-faced lieutenants . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rocco Vecchio -- a perspiring , haggard Vecchio -- was standing there , flanked by two men in the uniforms of armored transport guards . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled at Winston , and he saw the hateful hard glitter in her eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
and Bernardine , 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exposure (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] art God '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next time the police saw her she was dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was first believed the bomb was rigged to the car's starter . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are all suburban plants , relying on the roads to keep them supplied with workers . (Filtered Words: 0)
To fuck up the program . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lester's hand fluttered to Cabot's shoulder . (Filtered Words: 0)
For all involved in this discussion the devil is a real entity who can really be confronted in the woods on a dark night , the demon world is populated with real creatures , and witches actually can be seen flying through the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
So you're not tryin , [FILTERED] , you bastard you . (Filtered Words: 1)
I've nothing for you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Much of the navy's future depends upon her '' , an American naval announcement said on the Skipjack's first arrival in British waters in August , 1959 , for exhibition to selected high officers at Portland underwater research station . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or was the answer less metaphysical ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This is known as conformational entropy . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was like charcoal , he thought -- dark , opaque , explosive . (Filtered Words: 0)
A pool is no place for a shut trap . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can't do this to us '' , [FILTERED] screamed . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was a nymphomaniac , of course , the poor girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
Giffen suggested fifty dollars as fair compensation for a year's work ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It's perhaps a mile from here where we sit . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Artists contended that the Philistines , gross of soul , were all for having Son et Lumiere , since the French were footing the bill and the attraction , wherever it had been done , had proven popular . (Filtered Words: 0)
Research and development (Filtered Words: 0)
the calf was magnificent , the ankle perfect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Distances of less than 10 inches are not recommended . (Filtered Words: 0)
A hebephrenic man used to give a repetitious wave of his hand a number of times during his largely-silent hours with his therapist . (Filtered Words: 0)
They think of themselves as trustees for the entire society and try to serve the entire society . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a business man I have to use the telephone constantly , from three to four hours a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the original absent sitter must decide whether the statements are meaningful to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , as we had surmised , the highly compulsive children in the structured setting score significantly better ( Af ) on achievement than do similar children in the unstructured schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this manner , every scheme for direct control broke to pieces on the great protective rock of the anti-trust laws . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wanted him to get into trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was not a rear-looking conservative , yet partisans of that persuasion will miss him as much as any . (Filtered Words: 0)
Give um the works . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh '' , said Mr. [FILTERED] , `` that's fine , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
let [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
If we was both armed , you wouldn't talk so tough '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experiment where p is not constant . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Aw , come on '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And how anxious this lover of obscurity was for applause ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He was like a mean horse to come at from the rear . (Filtered Words: 0)
faint creaking of belts and slings ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
These are defined by a simple involutorial transformation of the points in which a general line meets a nonsingular quadric surface bearing a curve of symbol Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] had never pretended to give advice in such affairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps -- but extensive discussions with contemporary practitioners , family doctors and gynecologists indicate that this is still an area of enormous ignorance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reverend Jason got one , the Canadians the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
When directions read `` sl a marker on needle '' , put a small safety pin , paper clip , or commercial ring marker on needle . (Filtered Words: 0)
In these terms , the `` economic withdrawal '' of the Negroes of Nashville , Tennessee , from trading in the center city , for example , was clearly justified , since these distinctions do not require that only people subjectively guilty be singled out . (Filtered Words: 0)
What they wished for most was security ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This features the marching songs of several nations , recorded as though the various national bands were marching by your reviewing stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the preparation of the questionnaire the problems noted above were carefully considered , and the structure and phraseology used were designed to minimize the effects of these limitations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Time stood still for these people , and their load of pleasure was so commingled with the shocks and pains of the dromozoa that the words of the Lady Da took on very remote meaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
The section is violated whether or not actual restraints or monopolies , or the substantial lessening of competition , have occurred or are intended . (Filtered Words: 0)
How does the rocking exert its uncanny effect upon the reader ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , the types of infection that could attack a warm-blooded mammal were not infinite , and over the course of the last few hundred years adequate defenses had been found for all basic categories . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proprietorship (Filtered Words: 0)
What did it matter to him that the park at the foot of Ash Road stretched beneath elevated trains that roared from the stucco station into the city's center at half-hour intervals ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately the cafes might not make enough money to support themselves during the off season . (Filtered Words: 0)
Festivals (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] was one of the speakers on the panel of the Eastern Women's Liberal Arts College panel on Wednesday evening in the Security Life Bldg. . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sheriff Felix Tabb said the ordinary apparently made good his promise . (Filtered Words: 0)
If , as she walked , her steps fumbled from time to time , she chose to ignore that omen . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think by the end of next week he could get out in the air a little . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know what you heard that would make you think so , but I assure you I don't even know myself , so how can you be so sure ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They blame us for all their troubles . (Filtered Words: 0)
These studies vary widely in scope and precision . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a startling , almost numenous sight ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
childishness compared to her grown-up understanding that life was a punishment for as yet undisclosed sins . (Filtered Words: 0)
It serves merely as an excess cushion for the rest of the carcass . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before much longer the marine quieted down . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Cheerful way to spend an evening '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It is far more difficult in many communities to obtain admission to an apprentice program which involves union approval than to get into the most selective medical school in the nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
With only two aboard , [FILTERED] does better than 27 mph -- and she gives a comfortable ride at this speed even in a three-foot chop . (Filtered Words: 1)
He don't care at all , and I don't care to get my head busted neither . (Filtered Words: 0)
The others , the ones in the stands , were spellbound , for hearing the mayor was for them like listening to a symphony was for sophisticated folks in New York City . (Filtered Words: 0)
The promotion of [FILTERED] to the position of Assistant Manager of the Interference Control Field Service Department was announced early in December by [FILTERED] , Manager of Interference Control Field Service . (Filtered Words: 2)
An octillion atoms (Filtered Words: 0)
Ours were kinder than theirs , some said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once again , [FILTERED] was the first and most likely suspect , and he was brought in for questioning immediately . (Filtered Words: 1)
But that year was different , for just as the city , in the form of my street clothes , had intruded upon my mountain nights , so an essential part of the summer gave promise of continuing into the fall : [FILTERED] and I , about to be separated not by a mere footbridge or messhall kitchen but by the immense obstacle of residing in cruelly distant boroughs , had agreed to correspond . (Filtered Words: 1)
Let me pass over the trip to Sante Fe with something of the same speed which made Mrs. [FILTERED] `` wonduh if the wahtahm speed limit '' ( 35 m.p.h. ) `` is still in ee-faket '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Is an arbitrary retirement age of 65 actually costing your plant money ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was partially uniformed in a cavalry tunic and hat . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] he opened the Bible and read of the woman at the well . (Filtered Words: 1)
For one cup of coffee . (Filtered Words: 0)
The play for Saturday night was to be a benefit performance of The Octoroon . (Filtered Words: 0)
I came that they may have life . (Filtered Words: 0)
This tends to create friction and confusion and has not made it easier for Secretary [FILTERED] to restore vigor and initiative among his subordinates . (Filtered Words: 1)
One reel -- from eight to twelve minutes -- became the standard length from the year of Robbery , 1903 , until Griffith shattered that limit forever with Birth Of A Nation in 1915 . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the other pilots were worried , they did not show it . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we need not mind too much , because Mr. [FILTERED] has expressed it through movement that is diverting and clever almost all the way . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We're not drunkards '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a [FILTERED] , married , with three sons . (Filtered Words: 1)
Livestock must be tended every day , routinely . (Filtered Words: 0)
A German informant gave me a sure cure made by combining rye flour and molasses into a poultice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider the four monks who figure prominently in the action : Pimen , Varlaam , Missail and the Jesuit Rangoni . (Filtered Words: 0)
It follows that any effective policy toward the underdeveloped countries must have a realistically long working horizon . (Filtered Words: 0)
The existence of road systems permits an intensity of management and use for all National Forest purposes that is not otherwise possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Biological warfare is the intentional use of living microorganisms or their toxic products for the purpose of destroying or reducing the military effectiveness of man . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was early exposed to the mechanical world , and in his youth often helped his father , [FILTERED] , master clock and watchmaker , as he plied his trade . (Filtered Words: 1)
Although a skillful politician and a courageous and honest man , Mr. [FILTERED] , Mr. [FILTERED] believes , ignored his own top-level planners , wasted time and effort in the wrong regions , missed opportunities through indecision and damaged his chances on television . (Filtered Words: 2)
When Dr. [FILTERED] celebrated his 75th birthday at the Wilshire Country Club , guests came by chartered plane from all over the country . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] told Gregorio that he took the money to pay `` the ordinary bills and expenses of suburban living '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
They surged around him , fingers pointing , eyes prying . (Filtered Words: 0)
All bottom battens are two inches wide . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , manifestly , would not provide $5000 to each of the surviving five children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cellulose acetate butyrate is used extensively for vacuum-formed signs , background panels , and molded or formed letters because of its exceptional toughness , ease of forming , and excellent weathering properties . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's looking a lot better , and he's able to run '' , [FILTERED] explained . (Filtered Words: 1)
I place His precepts and His leadings above every seeming probability , dismissing cherished convictions and holding the wisdom of man as folly when opposed to Him . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had been snared here by a vile sensuality that writhed around her throat in ever-tightening circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The final decision went to the executive but a way has been opened for strengthening budgeting procedures and to provide legislators information they need . (Filtered Words: 0)
I do so believe in death '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Developed as a result of the multi-purpose resources control program of the government , vast , man-made bodies of water represent a kind of glorious fringe benefit , providing boating and fishing havens all over the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
Criterion measurement (Filtered Words: 0)
He wasn't only different -- he was it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great absorbency of this tissue and the fact that it is easier to control than a sponge makes it an ideal tool for the watercolorist . (Filtered Words: 0)
14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
acquire secret processes , technical data , inventions , patent applications , patents , licenses , land and interests in land ( including water rights ) , plants and facilities , and other property or rights by purchase , license , lease , or donation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Just how many sub secrets were being handed over when the ring , watched for six months , was broken remained untold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Properties (Filtered Words: 0)
The funds would be used for equipment , not for land , buildings , or operation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It isn't only birds that dump their children in other people's nests . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have far less to fear in the migrant family than we have in the migrant developer under these conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
I drove home , found [FILTERED] still asleep . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was merely clearing a way to what he had to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just cleared out . (Filtered Words: 0)
For it is such a distinguished place , with such fine works of art and such a big library , that there can be little doubt but that the owner has become depraved by all this culture . (Filtered Words: 0)
Foster shook his halo . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our companion was a huge , plain-spoken American sculptor who had been a sixteen-year-old rifleman all across France in 1944 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to operate in American politics one must go a step further -- one must build a bridge to such names , establish a warmth , a personal connection '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even he does not know the one signal for a nuclear strike -- the `` go code '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
How it's phrased there -- the word violent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cleveland , Ohio ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was hotter once they reached the flat , and drier , but the grass was better . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the treatment of bacterial scours , feed 100-200 grams . (Filtered Words: 0)
If economic integration really shapes congregational life , then evangelism should be a process of extending economic integration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pueri aquam de silvas ad agricolas portant , a delightful vignette set in the unforgettable epoch of pre-Punic War Rome . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the really controversial aspect of customer-cost imputation arises because of the cost analyst's frequent practice of including , not just those costs that can be definitely earmarked as incurred for the benefit of specific customers but also a substantial fraction of the annual maintenance and capital costs of the secondary ( low-voltage ) distribution system -- a fraction equal to the estimated annual costs of a hypothetical system of minimum capacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Musmanno was on deck . (Filtered Words: 0)
also he is a drunk , and has lost his job on that account . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is now a $1.0 billion business , up from $0.9 billion in 1959 , and should reach $1.1 billion in 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She replied , `` I know of one man that has not been friendly with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Haney felt a twinge of annoyance when he heard the now familiar line again . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll get in the office building here . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The man's true reputation is his work '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You killed it because you wanted to kill it , for no other reason '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the forest development road and trail system , there are now 162,400 miles of roads and 106,500 miles of supplemental foot and horse trails . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would add about $500 to the total cost of the home . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he borrowed money from [FILTERED] or with his help , he would now have been able to repay the loan . (Filtered Words: 1)
As [FILTERED] says in his article , `` Twilight Of Southern Regionalism '' ( Southwest Review , Winter 1957 ) : `` The miasmal mausoleum where an Old South , already too minutely autopsied in prose and poetry , should be left to rest in peace , forever dead and ( let us fervently hope ) forever done with '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was no process of trial and error . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I get no readings from them at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each was her mother's assistant and confidante ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Eleazar , pausing on the Hanover plain , found its great forests and remoteness good and with his own hands built the first College Hall , a log hut dedicated `` for the education & instruction of Youth of the Indian Tribes in this Land in reading , writing & all parts of learning which shall appear necessary and expedient for civilizing & christianizing Children of Pagans as well as in all liberal Arts and Sciences ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We're getting more ' pro ' letters than ' con ' on horse race betting '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was no one but me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am carving a Pieta from white [FILTERED] marble . (Filtered Words: 1)
( The same amount used in item 2 under Method Of Computing Allotments , above . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel had to bend toward [FILTERED] and ask him to repeat . (Filtered Words: 1)
She came to me one day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morning sessions included addresses by [FILTERED] , Jr. of the U. S. Dept. of Commerce . (Filtered Words: 1)
Failure to attend the meeting or explain inability to attend , the letters said , would be considered a `` sign of indifference '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Trevelyan is militantly sure of the superiority of English institutions and character over those of other peoples . (Filtered Words: 0)
When some question arises in the medical field concerning cancer , for instance , we do not turn to free and open discussion as in a political campaign . (Filtered Words: 0)
The week after Manassas the sound of horses in the yard brought [FILTERED] up in shock from an afternoon's rest when she saw the Federal soldiers from her upstairs window . (Filtered Words: 1)
He knew Conrad had told him the truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
And possessed himself -- how ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't see them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Poor Cousin Elec '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the period of this report , 37,470 new cases were entered into the various registries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dan Beam presented music and the bride was given in marriage by her father . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other THC activities followed , conducted by shopping centers , department stores , recreation equipment dealers , radio-TV stations , newspapers , and other organizations interested in the need existing to acquaint youngsters with the proper use of sporting firearms and the development of correct attitudes and appreciations related to hunting and wise use of our natural resources . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the morning hours , it became clear that the arrest of [FILTERED] was having no sobering effect upon the men of the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
And then 500,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although we continue to pay our conversational devotions to `` free private enterprise '' , `` individual initiative '' , `` the democratic way '' , `` government of the people '' , `` competition of the marketplace '' , etc. , we live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas , bureaucracy is corroding representative government , technology is weakening the citizen's confidence in his own power to make decisions , and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the ground '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , high school senior from Verboort , had the championship dollar dinner , and [FILTERED] of Hillsboro also won a blue ribbon . (Filtered Words: 2)
He shouted , and was aghast at the echoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had Krim gone farther from New York than Chapel Hill , he might have discovered that large numbers of American Jews do not find his New York version of the Jews' lot remotely recognizable . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
We followed him up the stairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
No dates or hand-holding . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not the details of Utopian communism that make Utopia modern , it is the spirit , the attitude of mind that informs those details . (Filtered Words: 0)
Steps should also be taken to link the Food for Peace Program with the Peace Corps , so that foreign currencies accumulated by the sale of U.S. surplus food under P.L. 480 can be put to use to pay some of the host country expenses of Peace Corps personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Designers of signs and displays have shown a refreshing approach to the adaptation of plastics that has influenced the workings of other industries . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. John 36 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kill 'em '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
More and more of the colonials were wearing their own hair and not using powder . (Filtered Words: 0)
This lofty disregard for others was not shared by such men as [FILTERED] and his associates , that `` brilliant group of mediocre men '' , as Powicke calls them , who provided the brains for the French embassy that came to Rome under the nominal leadership of the archbishop of Narbonne , the duke of [FILTERED] , and the count of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
And I was certain he would refuse '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most attempts to develop any sympathy for [FILTERED] and his actions found an unresponsive audience in Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] lifted her head and followed the retreating figure , her eyes resting nearly closed on the unself-conscious rise and fall of the rounded hips . (Filtered Words: 1)
Polyphosphates gave renewed life to soap products at a time when surfactants were a threat though expensive , and these same polyphosphates spelled the decline of soap usage when the synergism between polyphosphates and synthetic detergent actives was recognized and exploited . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Plot '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If , at any time during the assignment pass , the compiler finds that there are no more index words available for assignment , the warning message `` No More Index Words Available '' will be placed in the object program listing , the table will be altered to show that index words 1 through 96 are available , and the assignment will continue as before . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rest of Black Bottom was a rabbit [FILTERED] of homes in every condition of neglect , disrepair and careful upkeep . (Filtered Words: 1)
With meat , milk , butter and ice cream , the calorie-heavy U.S. diet is 40% fat , and most of that is saturated fat -- the insidious kind , says Dr. [FILTERED] , that increases blood cholesterol , damages arteries , and leads to coronary disease . (Filtered Words: 1)
Miss [FILTERED] hopes to find suitable shakers so that kelp can be available at the tables . (Filtered Words: 1)
Although we have no measures of its strength or intensity , the heritage of the doctrine of inalienable rights is retained . (Filtered Words: 0)
He held the knife aloft an instant -- an instant enough to press the stud . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the recipients of the Nobel Prize for Literature more than half are practically unknown to readers of English . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now he knew that the moment illuminated by the vision on the train would have to be approached . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was about to make a gas check on his flight when Todman's voice broke in : `` Sweeneys ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And that was the end . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's too elaborate . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stumbled off-stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , `` the Lord is my light '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't hear the music . (Filtered Words: 0)
The statement explained that under the Georgia Constitution and state law , tax-exempt status is granted to educational institutions only if they are segregated . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here , nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Foreign policy is the total involvement of the American people with peoples and governments abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cast : (Filtered Words: 0)
These cities and towns include Bristol , Glocester , Pawtucket , Cumberland , [FILTERED] , and Woonsocket . (Filtered Words: 1)
Riverside and Anniston players rushed out on the field . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you have anything for me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This is what [FILTERED] did . (Filtered Words: 1)
( F ) (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Had More's writings been wholly limited to such exercises , they would be almost as dimly remembered as those of a dozen or so other authors living in his time , whose works tenuously survive in the minds of the few hundred scholars who each decade in pursuit of their very specialized occasions read those works . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when the situation was so complicated that even Nogaret , one of the principal actors in the drama , could misinterpret the pope's motives , it is possible that Othon and his companions , equally baffled , attributed their difficulties to a more immediate cause . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like the Gershwins , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] were loath to let a good song get away from them . (Filtered Words: 2)
Wherefore , as they became forfeit to death , from that ( moment ) they were handed over to it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The argument was typically advanced in terms of U.S. `` prestige '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of it each week go hundreds of thousands of words purporting to inform home ministries about what is really happening inside Washington . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] threw batting practice about 25 minutes , and he looked good '' , Hemus said . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Nate ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
On October 31 , 1859 , [FILTERED] was found guilty of treason against the state of Virginia , inciting slave rebellion , and murder . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ekstrohm asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
He served `` with '' him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who measures ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Center panel , hand-screened wood , actually is a back of one of the tall bookcases . (Filtered Words: 0)
He waited eagerly . (Filtered Words: 0)
A stem jig is next cut to the proper shape and temporarily fastened to frame one . (Filtered Words: 0)
According to a recent Wall Street Journal survey , plastics units now account for more than 50% of all sign sales . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look , old man , you can't go up . (Filtered Words: 0)
One inch equals 2.54 centimeters : one cubic inch equals 16.38 cubic centimeters . (Filtered Words: 0)
No hands , for one thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
How long will this take ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She snapped at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Roles of various types , within the larger system and within the subgroups 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I dropped into the doctor's office , picked up my forms . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clouds parted and hard gashes of sunlight swooped down to stain the earth with streaks of white and gold light so that the shadows of the running horses flowed like dark streams over the dazzling snow . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is power with which we can literally rebuild the world , provide adequate housing , food , education , abundant living for everyone everywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Participation for the educator in this case , however , would have to be raised to full and complete membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
It might be well to point out , however , some of the newer developments that have taken place within the past few months which might have a bearing on the future of the various foamed plastics involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any lingering suspicion that this was a trick [FILTERED] had thought up was dispelled . (Filtered Words: 1)
Means edged closer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's something there , all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- that should a minister in Boston trust himself to his heart , should he `` speak without book , and consequently break some law of speech , or be hurried into some daring hyperbole , he should find little mercy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The agreement gives us rights for manufacturing and marketing of such materials in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
After scouring around a bit in the open area , I came across what proved to be tar-soaked logs which crackled and burned brightly , giving off vast rolls of smoke into the ashen sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then he saw something that he had not seen before , and panic gripped him again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't you see the amount of money that has been invested by whites around that church ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
With the gyro-stabilized platform leveled , it can be headed in the proper direction by using surveying techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was nine o'clock in the morning : the hour which , like a spade turning clods of earth , exposed to the day a myriad of busy creatures that had lain dormant in the quiet night . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was secured by an oversized padlock . (Filtered Words: 0)
surely he was still resting snugly in my heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was when he attempted to end the relationship that the murder took place . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is his relentlessness and unwaivering adherence to this revolutionary artistic philosophy that has enabled him to paint such pictures as `` The Invasion of Cuba '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
An impoverished home that may discourage one child may constitute the motivation causing another to work harder for successful achievement in school . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all other areas , private initiative of the `` proprietorship '' type should be urged to produce the desired goods and services . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so [FILTERED] got the spirit of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The Secretary , Department of Economic Affairs , or his designate , will act for the Government of India , and the President of the Export-Import Bank of Washington , or his designate , will act for the Export-Import Bank of Washington . (Filtered Words: 0)
As we have already seen in the first chapter , bumblebees are bigger , hairier , and much more colorful than honeybees , exhibiting various combinations of black , yellow , white and orange . (Filtered Words: 0)
I looked closely at his eyes , and he was already innocent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
he was absolutely unfamiliar with it because he had no visual memory at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
She walked restlessly across the room , then back to the windows . (Filtered Words: 0)
Books (Filtered Words: 0)
So great a man could not but understand , too , that the thing that moves men to sacrifice their lives is not the error of their thought , which their opponents see and attack , but the truth which the latter do not see -- any more than they see the error which mars the truth they themselves defend . (Filtered Words: 0)
In less than an hour I had gotten a hotel , showered , shaved and was out on the Champs Elysees in a fresh uniform . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was an alien land , and she hated it intensely ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , perhaps , [FILTERED] is vulnerable , for he does not always use the best and most recent evidence available , and he sometimes selects and interprets the evidence in rather special ways . (Filtered Words: 1)
Whatever they are talking about ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Each completed locking bar should remain in place as the work progresses to insure snug fitting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since D' and N' commute with one another and Af , we see that D' and N' commute with T . (Filtered Words: 0)
No political order or economic system is so clearly contrary to nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
smarter , and wear different kinds of clothes -- she'd be [FILTERED] , just what that sounded like . (Filtered Words: 1)
This year's Senate measure would provide each state and the District of Columbia with $1,000,000 to be used in support of private , state , or municipal ETV efforts . (Filtered Words: 0)
That dog has to go '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] accepted the reproach , which was something she did rarely in all her life and most rarely in that summer of 1936 when she was by all odds the prettiest and brightest young woman west of the Allegheny Mountains , and [FILTERED] was surely one of the handsomer and brighter young men around Pittsburgh . (Filtered Words: 2)
It said the tax-freedom of the gain in this case stemmed not from the exempt status of the income but from a special rule on corporate liquidations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without abandoning too much , Copernicus sought to make orthodox astronomy systematically and mechanically acceptable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of these would be in the Northern Hemisphere , where the fallout is concentrating . (Filtered Words: 0)
But worth waiting for . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are traversed by another line of vaults , and thus rooms , arched on all four sides , are formed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Measurement of anxiety (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Three-day blow '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If you are going to produce for home use only , you will need only hand tools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Properties (Filtered Words: 0)
Drifts usually occurred in winter in an effort to escape the severe cold winds , but it could also occur in summer as the result of lack of water or grass because of a drought , or as an aftermath of a stampede . (Filtered Words: 0)
Underlying concern (Filtered Words: 0)
One wart cure was to wrap it in a hair from a blonde gypsy . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all cases a disturbing amount of nonspecific staining was still present although it was still distinguishable from specific fluorescence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't worry too much about rocky or sloping terrain ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Benched at Tulsa in 1955 , he told manager [FILTERED] : `` I can't play for you . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We sure don't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He liked children , in a loathsome kind of way ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon came back to his senses . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You'll just have to risk it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The smoke from that chimney rose as sluggishly as smoke from any other , and hung as sadly in the drizzle , creeping back down along the sopping canvas of the roof . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who had earlier praised Molesworth in Tatler No. 189 , now defended him in Englishman No. 46 , depicting his removal as a setback to the Constitution . (Filtered Words: 1)
Early Chinese anchoritism was theoretically aimed at a mystic pantheist union with the divine , personal salvation being achieved when the mystical recluse united with divine essence . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , I appreciate that . (Filtered Words: 0)
You will need a stereo music system , with speakers preferably placed at least seven or eight feet apart , and one or more of the new London `` Phase 4 '' records . (Filtered Words: 0)
Separate systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the sun's path over earth described a segment of a great circle ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A spectator picked up the ball and handed it to a small boy , who dropped this suddenly hot potato in a very playable lie . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead , he constantly became lost in parts and components of them , confused some of their details with those of neighboring objects , and so on , unless he allowed time to `` trace '' the object in question through minute movements of the head and hands and in this way to discover its contours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Careful , don't disturb her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet nodded , swung below and a moment later emerged from the forward hatch where he picked up the anchor . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the continuing charm of the other children -- [FILTERED] in 1940 and [FILTERED] in 1944 -- and all John's success at his work only made Edythe's dizziness and general uselessness more glaring . (Filtered Words: 2)
The rate a week ago was 2.295% . (Filtered Words: 0)
the bridegroom's parents , the Barrett Wendells , who are returning from a winter holiday in Sarasota , Fla. , for the occasion ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And so she was , and would remain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the sides are also covered up to the spray rails , they are also rough-sanded in that area . (Filtered Words: 0)
And girls couldn't have dressed like that -- it isn't transparent enough '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is more decadence on `` 77 Sunset Strip '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some liver cord cells contained vacuolated cytoplasm , while others had small amounts of brown hemosiderin pigment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody walks anymore but crackpots and [FILTERED] , and he's already got an education . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , the dotted line shown in figure 4 was taken as typical for the temperature distribution for all blowing rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
The flood is not as great -- only 700 a week according to one apparently conservative account -- but it is symptomatic . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the final month of the 1927 season , he hit seventeen home runs , a closing spurt never matched . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , the only unknown structural feature would appear to be whether the hydrogen atoms are located symmetrically ( 1 ) or asymmetrically ( 3 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern man , as [FILTERED] has told us , has `` come of age '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The deployment of a portion of these forces beyond our shores , on land and sea , is persuasive demonstration of our determination to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with our allies for collective security . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was still a very big world , despite all the modern cant to the contrary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sixties' capital requirements (Filtered Words: 0)
Light showed in the orderly room across the parade ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is , however , one curious discrepancy in this broad and flattering picture . (Filtered Words: 0)
For many readers [FILTERED] comes closer than anyone else in sight . (Filtered Words: 1)
The first is a negative warning : there is no point in the creation of faculty committees and advisory boards with high-sounding titles but no real authority . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , no '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Cartoons were drawn full size , after sketches had been made to satisfy all the authorities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not so , he answers , it is not the architect but the temple that is immortal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jist stay where you are '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bride , daughter of Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] of Pampa , has attended Texas Woman's University and will continue her studies at Aj . (Filtered Words: 1)
Better minds than [FILTERED]'s were -- and still are -- convinced that there is a society of spirits beyond our ken '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
we are concerned with Utopian communism -- that is , simply communism as it appears in the imaginary commonwealth of Utopia , as More conceived it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the University of Washington Medical School , the electronics group has developed the `` Respiratory Gas Analyzer '' shown in Fig. 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Person To Person ventilates the home lives of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] -- both in Southern California ( Channel 5 at 10:30 ) KQED Summer Music Festival features a live concert by the Capello De Musica ( Channel 9 at 8:30 ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
That is , locking the room or stateroom door gives privacy of location , but it is equally important to be sure there is time enough for an utterly unhurried fulfillment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sir -- Your editorial , `` Housing Speedup '' , is certainly not the answer to our slum problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
and ( 5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion usually exercises a stabilizing-conserving function . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] exclaimed , with true affection . (Filtered Words: 1)
But that was a long time ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look at the things we do to escape our fears and to forget our worries . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What the hell do you think baseball is ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Hanford College hasn't decided on [FILTERED]'s application yet . (Filtered Words: 1)
grasp the bar ( which will rest against the back of your neck ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In many cases the revolutionary production has offered no more than sensational effects : the first hearing was fascinating and the second disillusioning as the gap between sound and substance became clearer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile it looked at the scenery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even with the increase in funds for the next fiscal year , Georgia will be spending only around $3.15 per day per patient . (Filtered Words: 0)
On May 11,330 , A.D. , , its name was changed again , this time to Constantinople after its emperor , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Salary termed modest (Filtered Words: 0)
It might have been several months . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her first day at work she was puzzled by an entry in the doctor's notes on an emergency case . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not the least bit '' , [FILTERED] snapped . (Filtered Words: 1)
Only 8% of the worries had behind them real causes which demanded attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
And for good reasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
It especially bothered the older hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Uniform questions , definitions , and procedures were enforced throughout the whole country . (Filtered Words: 0)
If she'd kept on as she'd been going , the story I'd told Gladdy would probably have been true by now , anyhow (Filtered Words: 0)
The reason is , I think , my awareness that my remarks last quarter on pacifism may well have served to confirm the opinion of some that my tendency to skepticism and dissent gets us nowhere , and that I am simply too old to hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
One example of this was his assertion that `` all servile revolts must be dealt with by physical force '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , elections would be more democratic ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There was even a bare chance that the phone had not been disconnected . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a simple matter , for one so disposed , to take a work like The Sane Society and shred it into odds and ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
Come on -- the key . (Filtered Words: 0)
Teaching the handicapped (Filtered Words: 0)
He peered in the boxes themselves ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The South (Filtered Words: 0)
When a plan burst its seams , hasty conferences supply the necessary patch , and life goes merrily on . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Birds got five hits and all three of their runs off [FILTERED] before [FILTERED] took over in the top of the fourth . (Filtered Words: 2)
Purified inactive chlorine was then added from one of the tubes described above and the mixture frozen out and sealed off in a flask equipped with a break seal . (Filtered Words: 0)
In such a world the words `` matter '' and `` spirit '' both referred to directly known realities in the common experience of all . (Filtered Words: 0)
We spend millions of dollars every year on fortune tellers and soothsayers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was coming toward him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first subtype , the analyst ( following the practice of railroad analysis in this particular respect ) distributes both total operating costs and total annual capital costs ( including an allowance for `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' ) among the different classes and units of service . (Filtered Words: 0)
Followin' such an event there was usually a harvest of `` fallen hides '' , and the ranchers needed skinnin' knives instead of brandin' irons . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had a feeling that young [FILTERED] , the most promising intern at Fairview , had something to do with it , too . (Filtered Words: 1)
You have probably experienced this . (Filtered Words: 0)
The point -- quite simply -- is this : words they might have had ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
From the very beginning the electoral discussions raised fundamental issues in Moroccan politics , precisely the type of questions that were most difficult to resolve in the new government . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled at him wetly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The typical appearance of these various mechanisms is illustrated in Figs. 2 , 3 , and 4 , which are single frame enlargements of high speed movies taken during the course of the knife removal process . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , the Theatre Guild kept that play , and kept it , and finally in December they turned it down . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the radiation may be so intense at the start that one percent may be extremely dangerous . (Filtered Words: 0)
The submarine now has a definite place in submarine defense particularly in denying enemy access to ocean areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] felt calm and peaceful as she walked along . (Filtered Words: 1)
Acquiring a repertoire from the Laboratory library was no problem to one trained to perfect recall . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm not trying to worry you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is almost certain that some of these , usually a trifle smaller than the honeybees , are andrenas or mining bees . (Filtered Words: 0)
whereas , it is a matter of fact that Smith cannot drive a car . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is the U.N. legal chief and a very good man , but he is not fully versed on some technical points of American law '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
More campers than campsites (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't believe it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Topography (Filtered Words: 0)
Many cells , bacteria , and other microorganisms are transparent to visible light and must be stained for microscopic investigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] took unnumbered secrets with him to the grave , for he was never loquacious , and his word , once given , was not subject to retraction . (Filtered Words: 1)
Or have a sign on his car that says , ' Here Comes the Paxton Kidnapper ' '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Various factors in the setting can still be of great advantage in making the first intercourse a good rather than a bad memory for one or both . (Filtered Words: 0)
The puzzled saleslady inquired , `` How large is your house , Madam '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is apparent that no acceptable formula has been found to prevent such a possibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the directors the problem appeared a matter of intrigue or diplomacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
This nondrying oil , however , is now more in demand than ever before as a fine lubricant , as a constituent of fluids for hydraulically operated equipment , and as a source of chemicals to make plastics . (Filtered Words: 0)
if a substantial fraction of the dust is orbiting about the Earth , only about one third the above-mentioned average velocity should be used in deriving the mass . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , we go on endlessly trying to draw the line , color and other , as to which kind of man we wish to see dominate . (Filtered Words: 0)
On these pillars rested that solid basis for life and thought which was soon to be manifested in the remarkably unlimited ken of the Iliad . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had thought no further than finding Muller . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus all differences were leveled , and all contrasts erased , in a realm of no distinction , and the harmonious balance of [FILTERED] square could effectively symbolize the world in balanced harmony around a powerful central axis . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here's how the scheme works : Suppose the operator pulls the lever to clear a particular signal . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be interesting to know how much `` integration '' there is in the famous , fashionable colleges and prep schools of New England . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider it as a standby setup , at negligible cost , for those emergencies when the furnace quits , a blizzard holds up fuel delivery , or for cool summer mornings or evenings when you don't want to start up your whole heating plant . (Filtered Words: 0)
The farmer's life must be arranged to meet the demands of crops and livestock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rude youngsters (Filtered Words: 0)
Then it will be a `` fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God '' if you have abused Him in your hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] may wear this only at night or for a few hours during the day . (Filtered Words: 1)
Finally , when the accelerometer output is zero , the entire system remains stationary , and the platform is , by definition , leveled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tell him under no circumstances to trust the prime minister with Mahzeer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
he tells stories of the Thousand and One Nights , and conjures up before us the bazaars of Damascus . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trees were crowded so closely together that their branches overlapped , virtually shutting out the sun completely . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wasn't sure there were such people anywhere in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The codes in the red box -- there are several of them covering various contingencies -- are contained in a sealed X-ray-proof `` unique device '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But her walk was too steady , too slow , telegraphing her fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
What they got , you get . (Filtered Words: 0)
A major portion of the credit should also go to flautist Haumd for his rendering of the almost impossible `` Indianapolis '' movement in the Baslot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Planning division (Filtered Words: 0)
The fin on his foot caught on the moulding , throwing him off balance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The good feeling which exists between these two important church figures is now well known in England . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just the same , the old woman said , she would write to her nephew in his boxcar and tell him she had met a nice man from his adopted country . (Filtered Words: 0)
In reference to [FILTERED]'s raid she wrote , `` though we are non-resistants and religiously believe it better to reform by moral and not by carnal weapons , we know thee was anemated by the most generous and philanthropic motives '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Anyway '' , [FILTERED] went on . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the fateful day in 1896 when the great waves approached Japan , fishermen at sea noticed no unusual swells . (Filtered Words: 0)
He managed to maneuver the missile to a landing speed of 200 m.p.h. -- fast even for a modern jet plane touchdown -- and banked into the airfield . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shrugged casually . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is awkward for everybody , isn't it , we all got to put up with inconvenience sometimes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , I forget '' , and [FILTERED]'s voice was really contrite . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What's the rest of your name '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
To hold a herd of cattle on a new range till they felt at home was called `` locatin' '' 'em . (Filtered Words: 0)
I found a trooper once the Apache had spread-eagled on an ant hill , and another time we ran across some teamsters they'd caught , tied upside down on their own wagon wheels over little fires until their brains was exploded right out o' their skulls . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , of course , was everyone's hero , and everyone knew him , even though relatively few ever saw him play ball . (Filtered Words: 1)
The former scout's alibi couldn't be shaken . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just a preliminary measure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The spy ring also was particularly interested in ASDIC , the underwater equipment for detecting submarines , it was testified . (Filtered Words: 0)
Traffic on nearly all the turnpikes has been growing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , it has been suggested that the source of all or part of the dust may not be the same as that for visual or radar meteorites ( Best , 1960 ) , and the same distribution would not be expected . (Filtered Words: 0)
How many children did the King have ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What caused it , he didn't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
The principal speaker will be Senator [FILTERED] , Democrat of Missouri . (Filtered Words: 1)
and , though he repeated , over and over again , the spectacular figures of industrial and agricultural production in 1980 , the `` ordinary '' people in Russia are still a little uncertain as to how `` communism '' is really going to work in practice , especially in respect of food . (Filtered Words: 0)
She tilted up and drank , and then I drank . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of the material comes directly from secondary sources such as Strukturbericht . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he spread out the last list on the counter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only evidence of occupation came from the chimney , which was belching out thick smoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
As [FILTERED] said at the time : `` It is as ancient as the medieval European ballads brought to the Appalachian Mountains , it is as modern as skyscrapers , the Volstead Act , and the latest oil well gusher '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Kitty inquired politely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I don't want to be thrown out and I don't think I will . (Filtered Words: 0)
Productivity of U.S. miners is twice that of the British . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled , and expertly let herself downward , holding this known root or that , her sneakers sliding in the leaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or is this subject a matter of self-determination , a matter of states rights or county rights ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Enzymatic action in stored food produces changes which can adversely affect the appearance of food or its palatability . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was not a search for a `` magic formula '' , but rather an examination of basic principles pertaining especially to all types of communication in marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
We took the matches -- they were book matches and once they'd been touched might retain fingerprints -- and the change . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many [FILTERED] in bathtubs . (Filtered Words: 1)
He cannot leave the farm to take work in another locality on short notice ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He would not carry a brief case . (Filtered Words: 0)
We entered one where the front door stood ajar and climbed a flight of steep steps to the main floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it was a landmark . (Filtered Words: 0)
Data were obtained , separately , on three classes of persons : ( A ) residents , present ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The company herds were being raided less often , and cabins and soddies all over the range were standing deserted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My cousin works at the Labor Bureau . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I would say depressed , not impressed '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Zenith absorbed Allstates , stock transfers were arranged , and [FILTERED] became president of the hyphenated combination . (Filtered Words: 1)
Disapproval of the meeting was based largely on the belief that the timing could hardly be worse . (Filtered Words: 0)
for the next two days , the impact rate was Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We run a respectable house here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Decide first what the place is worth to you and your family as a home in comparison with what it would cost to live in town . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the sun was beginning to go down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Johnnie rose on one elbow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cut off excess screw lengths and file flush with either frame or nut . (Filtered Words: 0)
but a Jewish heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
Retrace your steps a few yards on the Via Di Santa Sabina and turn right on the Via Di [FILTERED] , a street lined with stately homes . (Filtered Words: 1)
After how many generations is such wealth ( mounting all the while through the manipulations of high finance ) purified of taint ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s older brother is [FILTERED] , a talented artist and , for the past half-century , one of the world's eminent photographers . (Filtered Words: 2)
After all , when one has asked whatever became of old [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] when one has inquired who it was [FILTERED] married and where it is they now live when questions are asked and answered about families and children , and old professors when the game and its probable outcome has been exhausted that does it . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` Why the two damned fools got all excited when they saw the bottle , and knocked each other out cold '' , [FILTERED] said good-humoredly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hell , she couldn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the convenience of guests bundle centers have been established throughout the city and suburbs where the donations may be deposited between now and the date of the big event . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the opening of the trial , the jury panel was questioned as a group by Mr. [FILTERED] about [FILTERED] connections . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` If you are trying to get us out of the brothel , the dustbin , the kitchen sink , and the tawdry living-room , you are probably wasting your time '' , [FILTERED] told me . (Filtered Words: 1)
Feeder cattle (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] retains his essential `` fiscal watchdog '' functions ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
But since last fall the United States has been moving toward a pro-neutralist position and now is ready to back the British plan for a cease-fire patrolled by outside observers and followed by a conference of interested powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Testifies at hearing (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , too , must be placed Unitarianism and , less obviously from Christian inspiration , Emerson , Transcendentalism , and the idealism of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
If that's all the Romans did , it's a surprise to me that Rome fell . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could do that when he would be a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would seem , therefore , that in a civilizational crisis man cannot save himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The streets in the colored section were dirty . (Filtered Words: 0)
gently lift the edge on far side , then continue to release edge completely around mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Far away , standing before a curtained window in the study room , was his father , hands tucked under his coattails , and staring into the dark church . (Filtered Words: 0)
He declared the government is thinking of asking for foreign troops if the situation worsens . (Filtered Words: 0)
In some neighborhood of an isolated tangent point in the f-plane , say Af , the function Af is either double-valued or has no values defined , except at the tangent point itself , where it is single-valued . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charming and peaceful -- but what were charm and peace compared to high adventure ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Had Faith Constable's explanation of her confidence , so uninvited , been a little thin ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Some people object to this in my writing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fear of disease was formerly very much the kind of fear I have tried to describe . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Southern Illinois , the new federal program of help to economically depressed areas ought to provide some stimulus to growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most passengers didn't know what had happened until they got on the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
Back circle (Filtered Words: 0)
In the third category the function is double-valued in this interval . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought of [FILTERED] , the nigger who had gone after his sister . (Filtered Words: 1)
They did washing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He called Pike a thief . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , I can only say this seems to me to follow from a wide , continuous , and properly guided exposure to literary art . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another poultice was made from the inner bark of the elm tree , steeped in water until it formed a sticky , gummy solution . (Filtered Words: 0)
in Medfield , perhaps twenty-five less , not all of it paid by [FILTERED] , who could charge off one room on his expense account . (Filtered Words: 1)
Speakers at a Tipoff Club dinner dealt lavish praise to a group of St. Louis University players who , in the words of Coach [FILTERED] , `` had more confidence in themselves than I did '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Don't you know all about me by this time ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Remember how by a series of booking absurdities Chicago missed seeing the Bolshoi Ballet ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
With all the energy of his broken body he prayed , `` Father , forgive them , for they know not what they do '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think you could have heard him a mile away , and he was bursting at every seam with importance . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1864 Newman professedly had to write his Apologia with his keenest feelings in order to be believed and to command a fair hearing from English readers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Teen Hunter Clubs were initially sponsored by affiliated members of the Allied Merchandising Corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
In recollection he has said : `` Natural or man-made objects kept coming into my head , but I would suppress them sternly '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This man's isolation is not merely momentary , it is permanent . (Filtered Words: 0)
So the vile cargo went into the hole of the John Harvey . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or shall we permit early specialization in scientific and technological subjects ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The content of his words may lapse back into monotonous repetition , as if a phonograph needle were stuck in one groove ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In this respect it would seem that the greater the social distance between the [FILTERED] population and the white and Negro populations within the same general locality , the greater the possibility for higher morale and solidarity within the [FILTERED] population . (Filtered Words: 2)
Are you experimenting with different selling slants in developing new customers ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The questionnaire also stated that , in any event , all replies would be treated confidentially . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the years when Israel was passing from crisis to crisis -- the Sinai campaign , the infusion of multitudes of penniless immigrants -- it was felt that the purpose of national unity could be best served if the secular majority were to yield to the religious parties . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Latin American republics who have been rather inclined to drag their feet on taking action against [FILTERED] also reacted swiftly last week by finally throwing Cuba off the Inter-American Defense Board . (Filtered Words: 1)
Recently , for example , a paranoid woman's large-scale philosophizing , in the session , about the intrusive curiosity which has become , in her opinion , a deplorable characteristic of mid-twentieth-century human culture , developed itself , before the end of the session , into a suspicion that I was surreptitiously peeking at her partially exposed breast , as indeed I was . (Filtered Words: 0)
The potential market for the machine should be comparable to that of the Unifil loom winder . (Filtered Words: 0)
But because there was the chance that something had gone wrong at the apartment , and if I didn't go over , who would ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Felix asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
This accounts for the wide variance in assessment practices of movable tangible property in the various municipalities in Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
He remembered Clayton's mocking smile in the saloon when he had asked him what he would do if they brought their cattle to water . (Filtered Words: 0)
If launched in a careful but determined way within the next few weeks , the Peace Corps could have several hundred persons in training this summer for placement next fall . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was there that the two accused civil servants were at work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , of the Imperial Knife Co. ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Let us therefore put first things first , and make sure of preserving the human race at whatever the temporary price may be '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was also a corpse -- a male , judging from the coral arm bands , the tribal scars still discernible on the maggoty face , the painted bone of the warrior caste which still pierced the septum of the rotting nose . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are boxed proclamations in the newspaper of watchings , pinnings , ringings , engagements , and marriages in a scrupulously graded hierarchy of felicity . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of highest value '' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was my fault '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
must and should do . (Filtered Words: 0)
This makes it certain that Federal expenditures for military preparedness and foreign economic aid are likely to rise further in the next several years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's do that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adjusted gross income (Filtered Words: 0)
When she was nine years old , she wrote a description of a store she had visited . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think the best bet is to go through the society columns of last year and see if any of the grooms match with the obituaries a little later . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Myra wanted me to thank you for taking [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But beginning , for all practical purposes , with [FILTERED] English Village Community scholars have had to reckon with a theory involving institutional and agrarian continuity between Roman and Anglo-Saxon times which is completely at odds with the reigning concept of the Anglo-Saxon invasions . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ephesians 2 : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the Civil War period Mr. [FILTERED] also invented the [FILTERED] & Sharpe formed tooth gear cutter , a basic invention which ultimately revolutionized the world's gear manufacturing industry by changing its basic economics . (Filtered Words: 1)
And the same thing , more or less , can be said of the contents of [FILTERED]'s first collage . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I suggest further that the main cause of the trouble we are in has been the failure of American policy-makers , ever since we assumed free world leadership in 1945 , to deal with this problem realistically and seriously . (Filtered Words: 0)
We , ourselves , are always eager to know how others feel about us and the way in which we live . (Filtered Words: 0)
If this aspect of death as punishment is not distinguished from the idea of death as natural termination , the conclusion seems inevitable that temporal existence itself is a form of punishment rather than the state into which man is put by the will of the Creator . (Filtered Words: 0)
With our company of soldiers , we made one long column of reddish dust . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her initial intelligence tests registered above normal and her adaptation index was unusually high . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Commission is authorized and directed to mail to each claimant in proceedings before the Commission notice of the provisions of this subsection . (Filtered Words: 0)
I crossed the beautifully furnished living room to the pale yellow phone . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The kid has no manners , boys . (Filtered Words: 0)
And what leadership a proud [FILTERED] has given so far . (Filtered Words: 1)
Could it be that my own eyes and ears had deceived me ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Strategic forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abstract (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly it is not necessary to repeat that the United States has no intention of interfering in the internal affairs of any nation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
With modern techniques of woodworking and the multitude of cutting tools , fixtures , and attachments available , the drill press has become a basic home workshop tool . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , when more than one distinct form leads to a particular cell in the X-region , a chain of information cells must be created to accommodate the forms , one cell in the chain for each form . (Filtered Words: 0)
The appointment of [FILTERED] as General Manager of VecTrol Engineering , Inc. , of Stamford , Connecticut , a leading manufacturer of thyratron and silicon controlled rectifier electrical controls , has been announced by [FILTERED] , Vice President , Special Products . (Filtered Words: 2)
Here , too , she talked low , quirking her head at one or another of the places , most often at Izaak's armchair which faced her across the long table . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fromm's analysis of alienation in the sphere of production centers around the concepts of the bureaucratization of the corporation , the separation of ownership from control , and the broad ( and thus from the point of view of corporate control , ineffective ) dispersion of stock ownership . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nuclear rockets can destroy airfields with ease . (Filtered Words: 0)
A light , porous mulch applied now keeps the roots cool and the soil soft during these early days of growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everybody has a different idea on the ethics and morals of driving away neighbors , when and if . (Filtered Words: 0)
The particular recipe is a matter of individual taste . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of straight dramas , there are All The Way Home , which owes much of its poetic power to the James Agee novel , A Death In The Family ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The dance , dancers and dance enthusiasts ( 8,500 of them ) had a much better time of it at Lewisohn Stadium on Saturday night than all had had two nights earlier , when [FILTERED] presented the first of two dance programs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now he looked at her . (Filtered Words: 0)
) An authentic diffraction pattern is always obtained and optical properties are frequently checked . (Filtered Words: 0)
What does a monk know about sex '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When the aid operations are reorganized the Peace Corps should remain a semi-autonomous , functional unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
F . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man could travel anywhere he pleased , eat whatever he fancied -- without handing over any money '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is not likely to win this battle easily . (Filtered Words: 0)
She helped with teaching as well as office work for a few years -- the catalogues show that she had classes in geography , rhetoric and bookkeeping . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sure '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fixed installations offer possibilities for area detection . (Filtered Words: 0)
The performances were assured , communicative and pleasingly informal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each dictionary form is looked up in the text-form list by the same method used to look up a new text occurrence in the form list during text reading . (Filtered Words: 0)
The threadbare notion that belief , unlike behaviour , is not subject to objective analysis , has placed intuitive metaphysics squarely against the sociology of knowledge , since it is precisely the job of the sociology of knowledge to treat beliefs as social facts no less viable than social behaviour . (Filtered Words: 0)
The method used in computing the allotments is specifically set forth in the Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
McNamara is the scholar-businessman . (Filtered Words: 0)
and today's trade unions announce pretty much the same view . (Filtered Words: 0)
They must do something with the acquiescence of the latter , or some of them , which amounts to an acceptance of the law in its entirety beyond all possibility of misconstruction '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tension management and communication of sentiment are the processes involved in the functioning of the element of sentiment or feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sit down , sit down '' , Eddie said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Acceptance of radiopasteurization is likely to be delayed , however , for two reasons : ( 1 ) the storage life of fresh chicken under refrigeration is becoming a minimal problem because of constantly improved sanitation and distributing practices , and ( 2 ) treatment by antibiotics , a measure already approved by the Federal Food and Drug Administration , serves to extend the storage life of chicken at a low cost of about 0.5 cents per pound . (Filtered Words: 0)
New York lay bleaching in the summer sun , and the morning fish hawk , flying in the heated air , saw below him the long triangular wedge of Manhattan Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
That implies that Shann was on the enemy side . (Filtered Words: 0)
The conversion to magnetic tape is not yet completed , he said , and added Field's long service in state government and welfare employ gave him familiarity with the welfare program . (Filtered Words: 0)
I shall tell of it later on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional symbols of status are granted , such as reserved parking , distinctive badge passes authorizing special privileges , and a difference in the treatment of financial progress through merit . (Filtered Words: 0)
That done , I told [FILTERED] to take her patient back to bed and again put her out of my mind . (Filtered Words: 1)
The sweep of space , the delicate counterbalance of the white masses , the over-all completeness and unity , the originality and imagination , all entitle it to be called an authentic masterpiece . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is clear when one distinguishes the types of motion appropriate to both regions . (Filtered Words: 0)
In mid-September 1918 , the influenza-pneumonia pandemic swept through every American military camp ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Subject to the limitations of this Act , the Secretary shall make stabilization payments to small domestic producers upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to him of their status as such producers and of the sale by them of newly mined ores , or concentrates produced therefrom , as provided in this Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
for as it was Christ , the Word of God , who came to rescue man , so it was disobedience to the word of God in the beginning that brought death into the world , and all our woe . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a way , he couldn't blame her . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know what I'm talking about . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sail , ragged though it was , still had enough surface to catch some of the ocean of power being poured out from the nursery stars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Together they had probably done more than any other men to help push Laos toward the 20th century -- constructively . (Filtered Words: 0)
Home is where a man was born , reared , went to school and , most particularly , where grandma is . (Filtered Words: 0)
For those who put their trust in Him He still says every day again : `` Let there be light '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
They piled into the waiting cars , motors roared , the cars sped off . (Filtered Words: 0)
State governments have been taking the lead in establishing area vocational schools , but their focus is still on area job opportunities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Advise And [FILTERED] , lively but shallow theater drawn from the mountainously detailed bestseller ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
While Communists were undermining United Nations efforts to rescue the Congo from chaos , two other Communist offensives stirred the Eisenhower Administration into emergency conferences and serious decisions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or is this subject a matter of self-determination , a matter of states rights or county rights ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think the maids tipple in the afternoon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tonal morphophonemics , in a common case , can do nothing but either raise or lower the tone . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'd like the room I had the last time '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We shared the expenses of the studio , and we all lived within walking distance of it , in cheap lodgings of one kind or another . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of those who did not initially react with an arm-elevation also associated their behavior in the situation with control factors -- an inability to relinquish control voluntarily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nutritious and a cholesterol reducer (Filtered Words: 0)
She even spoke differently when she was clean , and she was clean now for his departure and her voice clear and rather sharp . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is evident that many marked and striking differences exist between lungs when an inter-species comparison is made . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then we pull out under our mortar and artillery cover , but nobody pulls out until I say so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Steele's main business here is to arouse public opinion to the immediate danger of a Stuart Restoration . (Filtered Words: 0)
She seemed overly tall , her brow knitted in concern . (Filtered Words: 0)
in the sphere was starting buffer and in the cone was final buffer , 0.50 M in both Af and Tris , pH 4.1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw the ground coming up -- and the stranger's head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did he come from a musical family ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the Geraghtys' youngest daughter , Molly , bows in the Passavant Debutante Cotillion the next night . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plays more highly formalized than `` Waiting For Godot '' , `` Endgame '' , and `` Krapp's Last Tape '' would be hard to find . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is very easy to establish by induction on R that if F is in Af then Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In addition to the usual tools , I make constant use of cleansing tissue , not only to wipe my brushes , but to mop up certain areas , to soften edges , and to open up lights in dark washes . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I asked , `` Why didn't you go into the living room to see how Mrs. [FILTERED] was '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Well , this is France , after all '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the winter tour began at Los Angeles last January there was no one in sight to challenge Palmer's towering prestige . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where else would he get it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone blocked the door from inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
Lack of rainfall and extreme temperatures may call for the development of shade and irrigation of a site to make it useable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The aborigine lives on the cruelest land I have ever seen . (Filtered Words: 0)
It didn't have to be perfect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even earlier than that he had resented the fact that I had been chosen to edit the club's Reporter . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] doubted if this happy event would occur . (Filtered Words: 1)
Number all the tappet bars before removing them so they can be replaced in the same slots . (Filtered Words: 0)
One old-timer said to sprinkle sugar on a bleeding cut , even when on a knuckle , if it was made by a rusty tool ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He would not make a sound until the President had wakened and left for the office ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Not even Varnessa ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He believed in making inspiring speeches and he made a great many . (Filtered Words: 0)
The officer had told him that both lists must be checked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather we see here another vicious circle . (Filtered Words: 0)
One evening , while a volley-ball game was being played in the yard among the prisoners remaining there , a simulated melee was staged -- just as the gates were opened to admit other prisoners returning from work . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
But Albania is merely a symptom of a real malaise between China and Russia . (Filtered Words: 0)
I now ever look for Christ according to His promises and those of the Old Testament as well , to appear again in glory to put away all sin and to reign in righteousness over the whole earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although modern scholars have expressed surprise that `` the simple magic square of three '' , a mere `` mathematical puzzle '' , was able to exert a considerable influence on the minds and imaginations of the cultured Chinese for so many centuries , they could have found most of the answers right within the square itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the range of Af is the null space Af of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The forthcoming season in Pittsburgh also promises to be of unusual interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
I work for one of the biggest chains of retail carpet houses in the East . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never once did he buy me a single gift and for our third anniversary he gave me a dislocated jaw . (Filtered Words: 0)
the automobile racing bears little relation to reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Administrative restrictions necessitated the smaller sample size in the structured schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Principles involved in an over-all concept (Filtered Words: 0)
The ponies were almost uncontrollable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The beliefs of a religion also reflecting the values are expressed in creeds , dogmas , and doctrines , and form what [FILTERED] calls a credo . (Filtered Words: 1)
Very austere yet racy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Secretary of State shall certify to the Secretary of the Treasury the total cost of adjudication , not borne by the claimants , attributable to the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , he organized the movement of his forms , within his rigorously shaped space , into highly complex equilibriums ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Violent men both . (Filtered Words: 0)
That had only been a ruse to lure him out on the deserted road . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That ain't your name , Mister '' , the boy accused . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aug. 4 , 1821 , nearly a century after [FILTERED] founded the Pennsylvania Gazette -- a century during which it had undergone several changes in ownership and a few brief suspensions in publication -- this paper made its first appearance as the Saturday Evening Post . (Filtered Words: 1)
They dwell , in short , in the doltish twilight in which peasants and serfs of the past are commonly reported to have lived . (Filtered Words: 0)
That [FILTERED] philosophy of the social contract fathered the American Revolution with its Declaration of Independence , I believe , we generally accept . (Filtered Words: 1)
What happened to the fourteen missing men ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
An interested sitter may think the sensitive has made a `` hit '' , describing something accurately for him , but can he really be sure that another sitter , hearing the same statement , would not apply it subjectively to his own circumstances ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a certain discontent among the cardinals . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ladies and gentlemen , in place of my regular closing number tonight , I'd like to sing something of a different nature for you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Americans , like yourself , take the fact for granted , try to be helpful , but don't ask questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Low seems to have supported [FILTERED] at first and then relented because things worked out differently , so there is no fire in his eye . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet we continue to be afflicted by nagging disorders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another important source of evidence only recently receiving much attention is the analysis of atmospheric dust for a meteoritic component . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nonresident aliens living in Canada or Mexico who earn wages in the United States may be subject to withholding of tax on their wages , the same as if they were citizens of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
The composer may reverse or invert the order of his original set of intervals ( or rhythms or dynamic changes ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
I sleep with you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine each State's population . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we are born of God we love the brethren . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the artillerist , Colonel Prevost , whom the Count De Segur had persuaded to lend his technical skills to Nassau . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then the application of the count rules to the width ( horizontally ) of the configuration gives us an intial estimate of the probable depth of the decline . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This harbor is a bomber's paradise '' , the Britisher had said with frank grimness . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men did not object to his sketching them while they went about their work , but no one could be persuaded to come to his studio to pose . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , I take classes with different people '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
It struck the 9th green on the fly and stopped just off the edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
the internal organization rarely has any chronological order , except in obvious groups like the `` Poems of Pilgrimage '' , the `` Poems of 1912 - 13 '' , and the war poems . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked [FILTERED] what would happen if he broke out the go codes and tried to start transmitting one . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , the jury said it believes `` these two offices should be combined to achieve greater efficiency and reduce the cost of administration '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think I can do a better job with the glove , now that I know the hitters around the league a little better '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Association participates in the winter sports carnival and sponsors several Play Days with St. Olaf and other nearby colleges . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until the Cuban fiasco and the Communist military victories in Laos , almost any observer would have said that President [FILTERED] had blended a program that respected , generally , the opinions voiced both by Mr. [FILTERED] and the professors . (Filtered Words: 2)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Understanding a work of art involves recognition of the ideas that it reflects or embodies . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the outside , it seemed no more than a low drumlin , a lump on the dark earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'd cut their mothers' belly open . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] presently has over 130 patents to his credit dating back to 1923 . (Filtered Words: 1)
the clay he used plastically to suggest soft moving flesh , as in an abdomen , in a reclining torso ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A Bay State supporter said , `` Mr. [FILTERED]'s fight has been helped along greatly by the starting of his paper in Boston '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He stood with his back to the skiff . (Filtered Words: 0)
The discrepancy between what we commonly profess and what we practice or tolerate is great , and it does not escape the notice of others . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had caught him off guard , no preparation , nothing certain but that ahead lay some kind of disaster . (Filtered Words: 0)
elasticity of macromolecular networks (Filtered Words: 0)
Russia possesses the preponderance of submarines in the world , divided between her various fleets . (Filtered Words: 0)
the fact that American Negroes rioted in the U.N. while [FILTERED] was addressing the Assembly shocked and baffled most white Americans . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her nose was higher of bridge , her complexion so pale as to be quite susceptible to sunburn , and the fish and vegetable diet of her forebears had given her teeth that were white and regular and strong . (Filtered Words: 0)
But who cares , when the lady sings ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's about sixty , now . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we look at recent art we find it preoccupied with form . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American Institute of Interior Designers is redecorating the White House library . (Filtered Words: 0)
Line sides of mold with paper pattern Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now would you care to have us say that you were misquoted in regard to it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` President [FILTERED] once again interpreted the Soviet proposals , to sign a peace treaty with Germany as a threat , as part of the world menace allegedly looming over the countries of capitalism . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was listed on the petition as the mayor's attorney . (Filtered Words: 1)
The white men died . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the moment , many of these are being pulled down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most members of the U.S. Senate , because they are human , like to eat as high on the hog as they can . (Filtered Words: 0)
She lay there , making no effort to get back on her feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the salubrious effects would not be exclusively political , but at least partially , and perhaps primarily social . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following morning Mr. [FILTERED] called for me , and we went to visit schools -- kindergarten , middle-school , elementary school , and high school -- Mr. [FILTERED]'s school . (Filtered Words: 2)
When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit -- when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands -- two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , there remain many `` old-fashioned '' marriages in which the husband maintains his supremacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this fluent , enchanting utterance had , compared with important artists of the past , relatively little content . (Filtered Words: 0)
but many against combining to raise it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mouse deer played around the feet of the elephants , or fled when the mighty legs thrashed too close . (Filtered Words: 0)
An ordinary hot bath or shower will do the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rhode Island's reimburseable rate of $.07 per mile for use of personally-owned cars compares favorably with other states' rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't build from the outside in -- try to build from the inside out (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not that I am unaware of the force of their strongest contention . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And your golden god '' , said [FILTERED] , `` probably went right home and poured himself into a boiling bath . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] meanwhile learned that several of her fellow students had collected almost $25 for her family during the lunch hour yesterday at Fuhrmann Junior High School , 5155 Fourteen Mile road east . (Filtered Words: 1)
He could hear the footsteps overhead . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kept going . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of the difference between daytime and nighttime propagation conditions , it has been necessary to evolve different allocation structures for daytime and nighttime broadcasting in the AM band , with many more stations operating during the day than at night . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the word deliberate means anything , both of them certainly deliberately destroyed themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was they who held the future in their hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
This includes not only development programing , but also establishing tax policies designed to raise equitably resources for investment ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The neighborhood high schools are not , strictly speaking , comprehensive schools , because some of the boys and girls may be attending a vocational or technical high school instead of the local school . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pieces must be placed in the context of the prepared messages by [FILTERED]'s staff . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was no lock because [FILTERED] didn't allow a lock . (Filtered Words: 1)
( [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ) Carefully executed melting studies on this system ( [FILTERED] ) permit quantitative estimation of the instability engendered by reduced crystallite length . (Filtered Words: 4)
Knightfall ( Knight Dream-Miss [FILTERED] ) 2:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Everywhere there are little touches of humor , and the leader of the on-stage band of musicians is an ebullient comedian who plays all sorts of odd instruments with winning warmth . (Filtered Words: 0)
they are also probably ungrateful for [FILTERED]'s [FILTERED]'s bounty . (Filtered Words: 2)
The U. S. Government is paying for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you remember Big Charlie '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We were camping a few weeks ago on Cape Hatteras Campground in that land of pirates , seagulls and bluefish on North Carolina's famed Outer Banks . (Filtered Words: 0)
They poured through the opening in the valley , then spread out in a long line to come at us , brandishing their lances and filling the morning with their spine-chilling scalp cry . (Filtered Words: 0)
About this man we had to think twice . (Filtered Words: 0)
A useful by-product of this system is that the information necessary to set the gyro drift biases is available from the currents necessary to hold the system in level . (Filtered Words: 0)
We didn't have time to speak before [FILTERED]'s voice was screeching at us from the bed . (Filtered Words: 1)
And it was interesting to observe that B.B.C.'s television film on Christmas Eve was The Bells Of St. Mary's . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Production must be adjusted accordingly , at minimum cost and quickly . (Filtered Words: 0)
During Dulles's first two years in office , while Republicans ran the Senate , the Department was at the mercy of men who had thirsted for its blood since 1945 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , your honor '' , replied Bellows . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was something maimed and crazy about its motion that disturbed them . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a revelation of what has been done , what is being done and what will be done in Newark as shown by architects' plans , models and pictures . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] isn't strong enough to take on something like that , and to tell you the truth neither am I '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dr. [FILTERED] is a Fellow of the Foundation -- appointed thrice to assist his studies of [FILTERED] and of [FILTERED] -- and , before his appointment to the Foundation's executive staff , had been given our highest scholarly accolade , appointment to the Advisory Board . (Filtered Words: 3)
No doubt [FILTERED] would do well now ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The Federal funds limitation enlists the support of many , the opposition of quite a few . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had a single porcelain stall and but one cabinet for the chairing of the bards . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is proposed that in 10 years all commercial timberlands , all critical watersheds , and other lands in the National Forest System developed or proposed for intensive use will be given protection from fire adequate to meet the fire situation in the worst years and under serious peak loads . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the PHS conceded that the new radioactive particles `` will add to the risk of genetic effects in succeeding generations , and possibly to the risk of health damage to some people in the United States '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A couple named [FILTERED] and Geely . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sometimes they just parked at the side of the road and used radar on the trucks as they passed . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' My impassioned plea for civil rights created a landslide of correspondence and one sponsor even asked me to consider replacing the Eddie Cantor comedy hour on a permanent basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last year [FILTERED] also placed 3rd in the Finals at Westminster . (Filtered Words: 1)
and moreover , he had already begun to broaden and simplify the facet-planes of Analytical Cubism as far back as the end of 1910 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although this kind of wholesale objection came at first from some men who were not technically Puritans , still , once the Puritans gained power , they climaxed the affair by passing the infamous ordinance of 1642 which decreed that all `` public stage-plays shall cease and be forborne '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you ever been to Ryusenji '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe they already got them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ride '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
No single explanation is adequate to account for this . (Filtered Words: 0)
As she goes , she herself will be illuminated . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the only thing about her that was the least bit hard to remember . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Eve was disobedient ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Fla. , and [FILTERED] , a former college boxer and veteran of the U.S. Immigration Service Border Patrol . (Filtered Words: 1)
Problems of shifting styles (Filtered Words: 0)
Our experience has taught us that it pays to buy the best equipment possible , from pipes to brushes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is not one to remain more comfortably and unquestioningly within a body of social , cultural , or literary traditions than he was within the traditions -- or possibly the regulations -- governing his tenure in the post office at Oxford , Mississippi , thirty-five years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Naked girls danced in the chancel of the Abbey , the youngest and seemingly the most innocent being chosen to read a sermon filled with veiled depravities . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they are to be commended for foresight in their planning , what then is the judgment of a town council that compounds this problem during the planning stage ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If the above issue is settled by requiring public education for all citizens , Issue No. 6 may be moot . (Filtered Words: 0)
The government forbade [FILTERED] to return to Amsterdam with his ship . (Filtered Words: 1)
No , I don't hold with those who live entirely among dead things . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the shores north and south , the fishers and mooncursers -- smugglers -- lived along the churning Great South Bay and the narrow barrier of sand , Fire Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first result of Heidenstam's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , [FILTERED] And Wander-Years ( Vallfart och Vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had driven the car that passed them on the road outside [FILTERED]'s place . (Filtered Words: 1)
But I mustn't start on Alice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note : (Filtered Words: 0)
samples . (Filtered Words: 0)
Specific staining by DEAE-cellulose treated Af and Af , although clearly distinguishable under the microscope from either nonspecific staining or autofluorescence of cells , was not satisfactorily photographed to show such differences in spite of many attempts with black and white and color photography . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the way out Mr. [FILTERED] detoured up a special hill from which one may obtain a matchless view of the Acropolis lighted by night . (Filtered Words: 1)
And here it was ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Rev looked up and saw her . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was hungry as a wolf , and my body felt lean and vital . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the 1939 Code this item was permitted to survive a tax-free reorganization in the Stanton Brewery case , but only over the dissent of Judge [FILTERED] , who wrote the majority opinion in the [FILTERED] case , a leading case requiring carryover of earnings and profits in a non-taxable reorganization . (Filtered Words: 2)
Nevertheless , there is no bath . (Filtered Words: 0)
Senator [FILTERED] is proposing the application of anti-trust measures to unions in transportation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Actually , only two men know what the formula is , Blake and '' -- He stopped and looked at Thor's body . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now '' , said [FILTERED] , eventually , making them both sit in formation on a big root of a live oak , the sort of root that divided itself and made their bottoms sag down and feel comfortable . (Filtered Words: 1)
such a move may mean a loss of capital . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was laughed off the screen . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is how the real routine of resistance goes on , and its strength is directly proportionate to the number of insignificant people who can let themselves be taken to pieces , piece by piece , without quitting . (Filtered Words: 0)
They caught Trig stealing liquor from the officers' mess , and he got a couple of girls in trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Federal program of vocational education merely provides financial aid to encourage the establishment of vocational education programs in public schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
It is sex that obsesses them , sex that is at the basis of their aesthetic creed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unless God expected a man to believe the Holy Scriptures , why had He given them to him ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the matter with them '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Elegance and color (Filtered Words: 0)
Single-color use (Filtered Words: 0)
Each year millions of pounds of anise , caraway , mustard , celery , and coriander and the oils extracted from them are imported . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( surname : Gerby ) , 23 , seems Hong Kong Oriental but has a Spanish father and an Indian mother , was born in America and educated at Holy Cross Academy and Textile High School , says she learned belly dancing at family picnics . (Filtered Words: 1)
Stevie saw no idols ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We , of course , obeyed the court order . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've got to have help '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I didn't think it was necessary '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one who has studied the radical Right can suppose that words are their sole staple in trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they were forced to , [FILTERED] shrugged its shoulders , arranged a tour of the Laboratory Schools and set the tour off to a big start by showing the members case histories , complete with photographs . (Filtered Words: 1)
then a couple of fluorescent lamps over the workbench an' I guess we're about through down here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He trudged on , his aching eyes focused straight ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , if Federal funds are used , it would be entirely appropriate to train workers for jobs which could be obtained elsewhere as well as for jobs in the area of chronic unemployment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , in the cool , autumn-touched evening , Mr. [FILTERED] mentally retraced a day that had left him greatly contented and at peace . (Filtered Words: 1)
Must have cost plenty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most people do not realize that the congregation , as a gathered fellowship meeting regularly face to face , personally sharing in a common experience and expressing that experience in daily relationships with one another , is unique . (Filtered Words: 0)
These carriers cut handling costs for the dealer -- and the builder (Filtered Words: 0)
Medical Illustration Service (Filtered Words: 0)
They had brandy in the library . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some look deliberately to devices used by creators in the other arts and apply corresponding methods to their own work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hello , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It would have been [FILTERED] who handled her affairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Despite these facts the question `` : : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gilborn's secretary ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He seems strong enough inside the party to cope with any internal opposition ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not count time . (Filtered Words: 0)
There I was a retired wobbly and structural iron worker who'd never gouged a cent off a fellow worker in my thirty years in the movement . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's what he needs , something warm to his skin , don't he '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not our bodies but our hearts and heads that have grown too soft . (Filtered Words: 0)
Crowds flocked through the waterfront streets chattering loudly in their strange-sounding Bengali tongue . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Congressional Medal of Honor soldier , was one of them . (Filtered Words: 1)
Was there time ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again among those jubilantly reunited bunkmates , I was shy with [FILTERED] and acted as I had during those early Saturday mornings when we all seemed to be playing for effect , to be detached and unconcerned with the girls who were properly our dates but about whom , later , in the privacy of our bunks , we would think in terms of the most elaborate romance . (Filtered Words: 1)
( Some SEATO nations disagreed , however . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moritz came to Texas in 1954 but his freshman football efforts were hampered by a knee injury . (Filtered Words: 0)
And there is no section of the nation more ardent than the South in the cold war against Communism . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is , there is , in the true sense , only a visual space '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And countless others like them have died . (Filtered Words: 0)
The campaign leading to the election was not so quiet , however . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drawn up in 1914 , the cross-licensing agreement became effective in 1915 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stood sipping and chewing and watching . (Filtered Words: 0)
She must have put his clothes in the closet . (Filtered Words: 0)
A startlingly high percentage do not exceed $500 annually , which includes the librarian's salary , and not even the New York Public has enough money to meet its needs -- this in the world's richest city . (Filtered Words: 0)
The editor , sports editor , and student business manager are chosen in December , the new staff assuming responsibility for the paper at the beginning of the second semester . (Filtered Words: 0)
But with the convening of the new Congress , he was the public man again , presiding over the Senate until [FILTERED] Inauguration . (Filtered Words: 1)
When he wanted to emphasize , or get greater intensity , he added or subtracted clay . (Filtered Words: 0)
The schoolboy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , if you want to throw all caution to the winds and rent an Imperial or Cadillac limousine just for you and your bride , you'll have a memorable tour , but it won't be cheap , and it is not recommended unless you own a producing oil well or you've had a winner in the Irish Sweepstakes . (Filtered Words: 0)
If anything may be predicted in the quicksilver world of retailing , it seems likely that the suburban branch will come to dominate children's clothing ( taking the kid downtown is too much of a production ) , household gadgetry and the discount business in big-ticket items . (Filtered Words: 0)
And Mr. [FILTERED] didn't like [FILTERED] , but what with [FILTERED] and three of his boys inside , and not likely to come out -- And [FILTERED] such a valuable salesman , [FILTERED] said -- All the nuisance and danger of getting in touch with practically a whole new bunch of boys -- Why did everything have to happen at once ? ? (Filtered Words: 4)
So he wound up with a dozen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its scope is as broad as the question : What does it mean to live in modern society ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
According to a newspaper report of the 1961 statistics of the Church of England , the `` total of confirmed members is 9,748,000 , but only 2,887,671 are registered on the parochial church rolls '' , and `` over 27 million people in England are baptized into the Church of England , but roughly only a tenth of them continue '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe the society editor would remember a good-looking out-of-town bride '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among Christian groups , the Mennonites have commonly been aware more than others of the fact that the nature of divine charity raises decisively the question of the Christian use of all forms of pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Get Happy , junior '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
More than 200 million tons of seeds and seed products are fed to livestock annually in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was good . (Filtered Words: 0)
An almost too-simple-to-be-true way to set forth on such adventures is just to put yourself behind the wheel of a car and head for the open road . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such additional daytime class 2 , assignments are appropriate if optimum use is to be made of these frequencies , and the Commission has over the years made a large number of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll go , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Jars with lids (Filtered Words: 0)
After another two weeks , the first young emerge , four to eight small daughters that begin to play the role of worker bees , collecting pollen and nectar in the field and caring for the new young generation while the queen retires to a life of egg laying . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a typical application -- the making of rigid urethane foam sandwich panels -- an amount of foam mixture calculated to expand 10 to 20% more than the volume of the panel is poured into the panel void and the top of the panel is locked in place by a jig . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , there appears to be enough money in the road's reserve fund to cover the interest deficiency for eight more years . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned away and did not see the man's knees buckle and his body sag . (Filtered Words: 1)
a handsome , fine-looking man it made him proud to see . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet your list of things left undone did not include repeal of the Connally amendment to this country's domestic jurisdiction reservation to its Adherence to the Statute of the International Court of Justice . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bunch of damn jerks '' , Hub growled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , there is an added incentive to stay on the job . (Filtered Words: 0)
We simply can't tolerate further Russian weapons , including the possibility of long-range nuclear missiles , being located in Cuba . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a few tortuous moments of wondering who `` he '' is , the camera pans across the room to the plaster statue , and we realize that Neitzbohr is trying to redeem himself in the eyes of a mute piece of sculpture . (Filtered Words: 0)
File to a smooth finish . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled at him with benign , remote happiness ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the term `` commerce '' means commerce between any State and any place outside thereof , or between points within the same State but through any place outside thereof . (Filtered Words: 0)
This question is an issue because it likely divides us into two camps -- those for or against pupil assignment . (Filtered Words: 0)
He refused to change his approach , and instead he attacked high and low -- the officials for their not backing him , and subordinates for their laxness , stupidity , and stubbornness . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cake was received in a stunned silence that was evidence in itself of the dearth of taste thrills Mama had been providing . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are three indexes , i.e. , an inorganic formula index , a mineralogical name index , and a name index to organic compounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , her husband and child contracted T.B. from her . (Filtered Words: 0)
With this no loyal citizen can quarrel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recently I was struck anew by the divergent approaches , when in the course of one afternoon and evening I listened to no fewer than ten different performances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chief [FILTERED] looked his same hick-self ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Did you hear [FILTERED] return '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The writer took a class of college students to the state hospital for the mentally ill in St. Joseph , Missouri . (Filtered Words: 0)
They echo the words with which he has described his own vision of the dying child who `` trembles and begs for mercy -- and there is no mercy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the man he saved turned and looked squarely into the truck driver's face , without saying a word . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , life had become a kind of continuous make-ready . (Filtered Words: 0)
The comments made by some unwed mothers ( quoted in Chapter 2 ) ) reflect this paralysis of workmanship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her heart was thumping painfully ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There would be changes made , and [FILTERED] should understand that when the Pope died it was like the end of a regime in Rome . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why should he be concerned ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , you shouldn't underestimate Edythe '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s nineteenth-century view of law and sovereignty still dominates much of today's legal and political thinking . (Filtered Words: 1)
This , more than any other factor , led to the fiasco of Allied intervention . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Them's the purtiest babes you ever did see , but [FILTERED] gets mighty lonesome . (Filtered Words: 1)
Marlin has made two contributions to the harvest of new offerings . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Two problems present themselves in considering any hormone in blood . (Filtered Words: 0)
This included [FILTERED] , jolly , generous , and pretty , with whom they all fell in love , just as Papa had first fallen in love with her [FILTERED] before he chose her ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
When a man is laid to rest , he is entitled to stay put . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten years ago , he had come to the house to be interviewed . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was something about his face that disturbed me and it took several seconds to realize what . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are more than 8,000,000 recreational boats in use in the United States with almost 10,000,000 the prediction for within the next decade . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bridegroom's children were here for the Christmas holidays and can't return . (Filtered Words: 0)
I noted that her full breasts were bare and that she wore a garland of red pandanus fruit in her blue-black hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eighteen voted for assessment by the town in which it is located and eleven preferred assessment by the town in which the owner resides . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who was the God whom he thinke we serve ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A substantial rise in new orders and sales of durable goods was reported for last month . (Filtered Words: 0)
The illustration ( fig. 11 ) shows this shelter with the roof at ground level and mounded over . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guns are fired , the hymns are sung , and the body of [FILTERED] is carried down to the vault and laid beside the tombs of his ancestors . (Filtered Words: 1)
he had no use any longer for exact time , even had the watch been running . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She's invisible tonight . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt it and it ate on me all the time , but I didn't know how right I was till later . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wore a gown of satin designed along princesse lines and featuring a flared skirt and lace jacket with bateau neckline . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , gently , he shoved her behind toward [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
This does not mean in a purely bureaucratic sense but in an active , operational , interested , responsible fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
As our radius of penetration , R , increases , the area of new knowledge increases by Af , and the total of human knowledge becomes measured in terms of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The symbol for subtraction is the standard minus sign . (Filtered Words: 0)
The conversation that ensued may have been engrossing but it could hardly be called world-shattering . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is throttling the liberty my father gave his life to win '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
So I got out . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was ordained deacon 16 June and priest 22 December 1633 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Unfortunately '' , says Chief Postal Inspector [FILTERED] , who has prosecuted many device quacks , `` the ghouls who trade on the hopes of the desperately ill often cannot be successfully prosecuted because the patients who are the chief witnesses die before the case is called up in court '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Apparently academic challenge in the structured setting creates an optimum of stress so that the child with high anxiety is able to achieve because he is aroused to an energetic state without becoming confused or panicked . (Filtered Words: 0)
You ought to know that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was Dolly and Mrs. [FILTERED] who were calling [FILTERED] , everybody . (Filtered Words: 2)
And that was why , on the day of the performance , when a carriage from the royal stables called to take him to the palace , he did not bother to shave . (Filtered Words: 0)
The statutory policy of fostering free competition is obviously furthered when no supplier has an advantage over his competitors from an acquisition of his customer's stock likely to have the effects condemned by the statute . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's early in the evening to be in a hurry . (Filtered Words: 0)
By seeing such varied places , both interesting and beautiful , you will become aware of the many different civilizations Rome has lived through , and in particular , get a feel of Renaissance Rome . (Filtered Words: 0)
I left the party as soon as possible and got into a taxi . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty said the same words more loudly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Declaration of Independence says that `` governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] singled on a slow-bouncing ball to short which Robinson cut across to field and threw wide to first . (Filtered Words: 1)
Greatest benefits have been associated with feeding low-moisture corn in beef-feeding programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
On some of the islands' beaches the waves came in gently ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His proposal is opposed to that of [FILTERED] , Governor Rockefeller , past chairmen [FILTERED] and McCone of the Atomic Energy Commission , Dr. [FILTERED] and those others now enjoying their hour of triumph in the exacerbation of the cold war . (Filtered Words: 3)
-- How much will wind , rain , sun , and temperature affect the use ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One might , indeed , argue that the history of ideas , in so far as it includes the literatures , must center on characterizations of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in fashioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had dinner and sat there over his coffee watching the winding pattern of traffic as it crossed the bridge and spread out like a serpent with two heads . (Filtered Words: 0)
These flaring parts really help to keep the boat dry . (Filtered Words: 0)
A year later another Salem ship returned from Burma with a cargo of gum lacquer which nobody wanted to buy . (Filtered Words: 0)
A 24-year-old Atlanta man was arrested Sunday after breaking into the home of relatives in search of his wife , hitting his uncle with a rock and assaulting two police officers who tried to subdue him , police said . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] himself was bruised and clawed from head to tail , but he was in this fight to the finish , running almost as strongly now as in the morning . (Filtered Words: 1)
Steinberg spoke with warmth and enthusiasm about Italy : `` Rome is my second home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Straighten the arms slowly , this arches the back . (Filtered Words: 0)
The death of [FILTERED] , oldest of the [FILTERED] brothers , famed operators of baseball , football and race track concessions , revived again the story of one of the greatest business successes in history . (Filtered Words: 2)
He didn't doubt her truthfulness , although he had heard the words a hundred times . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the patient can perceive figure kinesthetically when he cannot perceive it visually , then , it would seem , the sense of touch has immediate contact with the spatial aspects of things in independence of visual representations , at least in regard to two dimensions , and , as we shall see , even this much spatial awareness on the part of unaided touch is denied by the authors . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , for they deal with distress . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the hero of this work by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] is a chap embittered by more than the lack of beer during a jam session . (Filtered Words: 2)
Mrs. [FILTERED] undertook the work of going from house to house with the thoughtless resignation of an honest and traditional laborer . (Filtered Words: 1)
About 75 persons appeared at that time . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 St. Peter 1 : 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He remarked : `` It has been clearly established that in a number of instances the message did not come from a spirit but was received telepathically by the medium from the sitter '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outside surface of the solid units shall be of an exterior grade of panel board such as plywood , plastic coated panel board , high density particle board , asbestos-cement board , or any other product locally obtainable upon recommendation of your building supply dealer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The right to leave legacies should be substantially reduced and ultimately eliminated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not like us fellas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Initially , Hamrick's reaction to A-Z going into the passenger car market was discouraging . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outdoor exercises (Filtered Words: 0)
These ripples spread out in symmetrical patterns like the rose windows of a great cathedral . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapter 5 the early eighth century (Filtered Words: 0)
Old Sam's sixty-five years had reduced his value to $150 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
With the advent of Sir [FILTERED] Doyle's [FILTERED] , the development of the modern private detective begins . (Filtered Words: 2)
Rangoni's first entrance is a musical shock , a sudden open fifth in a key totally unrelated to what has preceded it . (Filtered Words: 0)
When authorities convicted him of practicing medicine without a license ( he got off with a suspended sentence of three years because of his advanced age of 77 ) , one of his victims was not around to testify : He was dead of cancer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe they already got them . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , Christian faith knows that death is more than the natural termination of temporal existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not necessarily to green , however , for in some situations only a yellow indication is given to a train to let it into the `` plant '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We've got to assume they'll decide he was murdered and we've got to keep the picture consistent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Keith '' , said [FILTERED] , `` Keith , you were wonderful . (Filtered Words: 1)
The [FILTERED] was adapted from the Minnesota Multiphastic Personality Inventory , with item selection based upon clinical definitions of anxiety . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Line ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And then I became aware that she , too , glanced at me surreptitiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , Biblical scholars frequently attested to its numerous inaccuracies , as old manuscripts were uncovered and scholarship advanced . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here in an evening Persians enjoy many of the things which are important to them : poetry , water , the moon , a beautiful face . (Filtered Words: 0)
And no wonder , for [FILTERED] , the old City of Sandalwood , had become the City of Bullet Holes . (Filtered Words: 1)
The pressure may come from muscles , tendons , or bones anywhere from the neck to the hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
While there should be no general age limit or restriction to one sex , there will be particular projects requiring special maturity and some open only to men or to women . (Filtered Words: 0)
One night on the Naktong River , [FILTERED] called on that fabled esprit de corps . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is a total situation that is defended : the `` good old days '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rowdy crowd chilled into stillness and the fluent melody spiraled through it . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this latest addition to the Great Letters Series , under the general editorship of [FILTERED] , Miss [FILTERED] has made a selection which admirably displays the variety of [FILTERED]'s genius , not to mention the felicities of his style . (Filtered Words: 3)
Its supplement , The Medical Technicians Bulletin , supplied similar material to enlisted medical personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Imagine a stag dinner with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was mean : quietly mean , and bitterly , unfunnily sarcastic . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had considered throwing erasers or flipping paperwads at someone or pulling the hair of the girl sitting in front of him , but he couldn't take a chance on either of these possibilities : the teacher probably would make him stand face-to-wall in a corner instead of stay in after school . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several were born in the early decades and persisted throughout the century . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , after becoming the right-hand man of Enver Pasha , he is sent by the latter to pave the way for a new Turkish Empire embracing `` the union of all Turks throughout Central Asia from Adrianople to the Chinese oases on the Silk Trade Route '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The relative forces can be calculated from the various radii of curvature if we assume : ( A ) The surface tension is uniform on the surface of the drop . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may establish the relation of the figure of the dancer to light and color , in which case changes in the light or color will set off a kaleidescope of visual designs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , however , the arrangements were made and we drove out into the bush in a Land Rover . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not enough in accounting for this feeling to analyze it into the wickedness of individual people added together to produce a cumulative effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he remembered that he might have not signed the check , [FILTERED] made out another for the same amount , instructing the bank to destroy the other -- especially if he had happened to have absent-mindedly signed both of them . (Filtered Words: 1)
For added strength , I also fastened a small block on each side of every frame and batten joint . (Filtered Words: 0)
Handstands come after arms , chest and shoulders have developed at least a minimum of strength . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] might well have been included , he felt . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a word he was proud of , a word that meant much to him , and he used it with great pleasure , almost as if it were an exclusive possession , and more : he sensed himself to be very highly educated , four cuts above any of the folks back home . (Filtered Words: 0)
She quickly exploited the exalted position she now occupied , by harassing the disorganized males and even putting many of them to death . (Filtered Words: 0)
So we note approvingly a fresh sample of unanimity . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The word hissed distinctly from Poet's lips as he struggled to his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
He explained his errand , but without bothering much to make it plausible , for he felt something well up in him which was the reason why he had fled the army . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] propagandists were reported marching him barefoot from village to village , as evidence of evil American intervention . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` They're going to louse me up good . (Filtered Words: 0)
How could she ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I chuckled aloud , and the mouthpiece fell out . (Filtered Words: 0)
( G ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably less than one percent of our previsions escape final obliteration before we wake . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was nothing coherent about his thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having hit one of the trees , the ball came to rest not more than 160 yards out . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the motion toward it brings disaster . (Filtered Words: 0)
It drops again after fifteen and/or twenty-one days . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have plenty of odd moments when I could be doing something '' , Maggie said . (Filtered Words: 0)
A red-tailed hawk flew in behind them and stayed there , watching for any snakes or rabbits that they might stir up from the side of the road . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sudden silence was too silent . (Filtered Words: 0)
How can you walk [FILTERED] to get to Mantle '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The reader meets a few old friends like Blimp and the TUC horse , and becomes better acquainted with new members of the cast of characters like the bomb itself , and civilization in her classic robe watching the nuclear arms race , her hair standing straight out . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] : (Filtered Words: 1)
-- yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look in the wastebasket . (Filtered Words: 0)
To some extent predispositions are shaped by exposure to group environments . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] started to say something but Eddie cut him short . (Filtered Words: 1)
He sneezed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her statement certainly was true ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There the community , faced with the need to formulate policy on the level of absolute justice , can find the answer to its problem in the absolute truth which it holds as partially experienced . (Filtered Words: 0)
When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents-per-hour cost in wages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of mankind . (Filtered Words: 1)
Its enforcement was enjoined by a federal trial court . (Filtered Words: 0)
The account of the growth and final transcription of these epics rests partly , however , upon the degree to which they were formulaic . (Filtered Words: 0)
The paper affords excellent practice for students interested in the field of journalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , just as all the buildings have not fallen and flowed back to their original mud , so the values which wanted them and saw that they were built have not all disappeared . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think I can do a better job with the glove , now that I know the hitters around the league a little better '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
To do this successfully required great skill and a special talent for both solemn and ribald raillery , a talent not bestowed on many persons , but one with which [FILTERED] was marked as being endowed and in which , at least in this performance , he obviously reveled . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What do you mean '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` By God '' , [FILTERED] said , `` we don't want to upset the boy at this time of all times . (Filtered Words: 1)
I know that one must act . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will that pay for a pint I can take with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a lady chanced to soil a pair of evening slippers , Brigadier Bauer was dispatched to Paris for replacements . (Filtered Words: 0)
The breakdown of classical structures of meaning in all realms of western culture has given rise to several generations of artists who have documented the disintegrative processes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only thing that had ever come between them was that worthless , selfish sister of his . (Filtered Words: 0)
He talked about unauthentic storylines too . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are several closely related inner functions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Advise And [FILTERED] , lively but shallow theater drawn from the mountainously detailed bestseller ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
While the final combat of the campaign was being worked out at Jonesborough , [FILTERED] , on [FILTERED]'s instructions , ordered Slocum , now commanding the Twentieth Corps , to make an effort to occupy Atlanta if he could do so without exposing his bridgehead to a counterattack . (Filtered Words: 2)
Rousseau agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The words of [FILTERED] come forcibly to mind : `` Oh how we hate one another for the love of God '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
It circled her thighs , exploring with its icy tentacles . (Filtered Words: 0)
In temperature resistance , this quality is usually related to specific properties , e.g. , flexural , tensile strengths , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bunks , or materials to build them , may have to be put inside the enclosure before the shelter walls are completed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He daydreamed on the rock while she swam and splashed around . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another case involves a newspaper reporter who tripped up a politician . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , too , is recorded against distance by a repeat run over the same track previously cut . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dow says that the fluid can be used now for two years . (Filtered Words: 0)
I closed the last bag and stood all three at the door for the bellboy to pick up , then went to the bathroom for a drink of water . (Filtered Words: 0)
We often say of a person that he `` looks young for his age '' or `` old for his age '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cut hole in base for cork stopper . (Filtered Words: 0)
These would be paid for out of general , not payroll , taxes . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was all gravy , and [FILTERED] didn't need much to live on ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Still , there it is . (Filtered Words: 0)
His heart suddenly opened to joy . (Filtered Words: 0)
For he had understood that Betty had been engaged to a boy named [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
but there is a leavening of liberalism among college graduates throughout the South , especially among those who studied in the North . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] Lord suggests that the Homeric poems were dictated to a scribe by a minstrel who held in his mind the poems fully matured but did not himself possess the knowledge of writing since it would be useless to his guild , and [FILTERED] argues that the Beowulf poet and [FILTERED] may have dictated their verse in the same fashion . (Filtered Words: 3)
they were the beneficiaries of responsible , paternalistic care . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither was Henrietta hoydenish like [FILTERED] , who frankly wished she were a boy and had deliberately shortened her name , which , like Henrietta's , was the feminine form of a boy's name . (Filtered Words: 1)
The evidence shows that fake therapeutic machines , substituted for valid medical cures , have hastened the deaths of thousands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too often it is thought of at the last moment of new product introduction . (Filtered Words: 0)
At any rate , the substance of Eichmann's testimony was that all his actions flowed from his membership in the party and the SS , and though the Prosecutor did his utmost to prove actual personal hatred of Jews , his success on this score was doubtful and the anti-Semitic lesson weakened to that extent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Damn it , he thought bitterly , picking up his shirt and staring at the fresh bullet hole in the sleeve . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , to Italy for a short vacation -- [FILTERED] , a place he loves . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was no hint of a violent struggle now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cf. 1 St. John 2 : 1 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
No . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he has shown a sixth-sense ability to spot , recruit and excite able researchers , and has developed unexpected talents in fund raising and speech-making . (Filtered Words: 0)
This woman repeatedly complained she was `` too tired '' for marital relations . (Filtered Words: 0)
One has to talk confidentially with some of the directors of vocational high schools to realize that a boy cannot just say , `` I want to be a plumber '' , and then , by doing good work , find a job . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was professedly worth three thousand dollars in stock and good will , and the name was written in gold in foot-high letters across each of the two display windows . (Filtered Words: 0)
There can be no doubt , the Boston of that era could be exquisitely cruel in enforcing its canons of behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED] , in signing the relief measure into law , stressed he regarded it as an exception . (Filtered Words: 1)
Chief among the defects they singled out were the complicated and wearisome procedures in equity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Defends big trucks (Filtered Words: 0)
When his head came down , [FILTERED] grabbed him by the hair and catapulted him head first into the wall . (Filtered Words: 1)
Be friends with your mother-in-law . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told the committee the measure would merely provide means of enforcing the escheat law which has been on the books `` since Texas was a republic '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Uh huh . (Filtered Words: 0)
People died , she would have said , in hospitals , or in cars on the highway at night . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of them , in increasing panic , came running with water in their hats in a ludicrous effort . (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind this is a minber or Moslem pulpit and near it a raised platform with golden grillwork , where the emperors and , after them , the sultans , sat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let the media clean house , too (Filtered Words: 0)
Natural gas public utility companies would be given the right of eminent domain , under a bill by Sen. [FILTERED] 3 , of El Paso , to acquire sites for underground storage reservoirs for gas . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] and two other Riverside players did not go out on the field when the fighting started . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am recommending additional acquisitions of the improved version of the B-52 ( the B-52H with the new turbofan engine ) and procurement of the B-58 supersonic medium bomber , together with the supporting refueling tankers in each case . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was perhaps 80 feet high and had been artfully constructed of logs . (Filtered Words: 0)
353 U. S. , at 607-608 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lighting my pipe , I took a walk . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 (Filtered Words: 0)
Played mostly on the freeways around Los Angeles , it goes like this : (Filtered Words: 0)
He opened it a crack and in doing so made as much shuffling , coughing , and scraping noise as possible in order to drown emanations from the hen who had begun to protest . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I was in liquor I rode him pretty hard I guess . (Filtered Words: 0)
From this action sprang the idea of somehow uniting Greek and Shakespearean drama into a new total form , capable of restoring to life the ancient moral and poetic responses . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the best he could hope for on a watch that had ended with a session in [FILTERED]'s office . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` These are the board's minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , the decision is yours . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , to put it realistically , they had to run their businesses at a profit , or they had to get the votes to get elected . (Filtered Words: 0)
It happened two weeks ago , the night before his father left on a business trip to South America . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have we not actually developed idea worship ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
geochemistry (Filtered Words: 0)
It will forever be a baseball mystery how a team will suddenly start hitting after a distressing slump . (Filtered Words: 0)
Comparable trends can be noted elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
We now have not only what has been called over here the comedy of menace but we also have horror jokes , magazines known as [FILTERED] , and sick comedians . (Filtered Words: 1)
So frequently have pictures of the bridge appeared in books and in national publications that it vies with the old [FILTERED] at Harpers Ferry as the two nationally best known structures in West Virginia . (Filtered Words: 1)
He will take over his new post Jan. 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were thought to represent regenerating fibers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fashion show (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm not saying it right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Noted artist (Filtered Words: 0)
By their pattern of endogamy and exogamy , the core families and the marginal families show distinct limits to the intergroup contact they maintain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe I will grow another head . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I didn't really use yours '' , she went on . (Filtered Words: 0)
SBA offers Administrative Management Courses , which are designed to improve the management efficiency and `` know-how '' of small business concerns within a community . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concern of Utopia is with the optimo reipublicae statu , the best ordering of a civil society ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sprouting is a naturally occurring phenomenon in stored potatoes , onions , carrots , beets , and similar root vegetables . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , the program they sang was at least two-thirds serious and high-minded , and they sang it beautifully . (Filtered Words: 0)
8 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Not for me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It speared up into the air , then sinking back , the up-jutting branch turned slowly . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] bought some cotton aprons , and [FILTERED] bought shoestrings . (Filtered Words: 2)
Remarks of Hon. [FILTERED] of Connecticut (Filtered Words: 1)
His petition charged mental cruelty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Intelligence , as used herein , will include information on possible opponents and on the environment which can affect operations . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was your constant companion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED]'s taken to her bed , with the door locked . (Filtered Words: 1)
For there is also the `` face of reality '' in the form of the individual's perceptions of his own abilities and interests , of the objective possibilities open to him , of the familial and other social pressures to which he is exposed . (Filtered Words: 0)
She charged off to the bedrooms . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question was raised , for example , as to what attitude the President would take if Mr. [FILTERED] proposes a broad neutral belt extending from Southeast Asia to the Middle East . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gray Eyes remained erect . (Filtered Words: 0)
A horse screamed as it twisted from side to side in a frenzy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The receiver clicked in my ear . (Filtered Words: 0)
The long-range objective of habitat management is to make it fully productive so as to support fish and game populations to contribute to the need for public use and enjoyment . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
We will denote the values of f{t} on different components by Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The chevaux de frise , those sharp stakes and barriers around the fort at the Battery , pointed to a conflict between the town and sea power rolling in glassy swells as the tide came in . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Every last one of you . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] was involved in the fraud or the murder , then he too had another identity . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We're from the Council of Europe , British delegation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The recommendation of the Department -- as well as the decision of the appeal board -- was based entirely on the local board file , not on an FBI report . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Be quiet , Devol ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Cincinnati , Ohio ( AP ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He was downright worried about her , but there was one more thing he could try . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had closed over , absolutely , with the sealing of old Izaak's grave . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am sure that none of the effects of this story were consciously employed by [FILTERED] to describe an oedipal fantasy in childhood . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is disconcerting , nevertheless , to read in a labor weekly , `` Perluss knuckles down to growers '' , and then to be confronted with a growers' publication which states , `` Perluss recognizes obviously phony and trumped-up strikes as bona fide '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In recognition of the growing trend for second homes , or vacation cottages , we have designed this one specifically with the family handyman in mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
A military organization has an objective chosen by the higher command . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a leader must strengthen NATO politically , and establish that true unity about which it has always talked . (Filtered Words: 0)
But while war still serves as a catalyst for the values that [FILTERED] wishes to express , these values are no longer linked with the triumph or defeat of any cause -- whether that of an individual assertion of the will-to-power , or a collective attempt to escape from the humiliation of oppression -- as their necessary condition . (Filtered Words: 1)
To live correctly in an interdependent moral and material universe of living and dead was decisive for man's fate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Realtors live in their communities as specialists in a given area of work , as members of social and professional organizations , as citizens and civic leaders , as church laymen , as university alumni , as newspaper readers , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't blame that girl for breaking her engagement with you . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's face it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I think it is rather foolhardy to trust to luck '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For convenience we chose a stronger pigment , unknown to the early Italians or to Brumidi , titanium oxide , reserving the active lime white for highest lights , put on at the end of the day's stint . (Filtered Words: 0)
You drive on and circle back and pull up beside them parked there . (Filtered Words: 0)
A board of health spokesman said there is no reason to believe that an increase in the level here will occur as a result of the detonation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made a circle with his thumb and fingers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Capable of enduring friendships , they were also stout controversialists , who could write with a drop of vitriol on their pens . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Thank you , My dear '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Ford and the pickup truck sped west toward Sanford's Run . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] waved a hand at the empty street . (Filtered Words: 1)
There were no `` casualties '' , but the `` guerrillas '' admitted to being `` a little tired '' when the leaders called a halt at 9 A.M. to enable out-of-town members to catch a plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only response we can think of is the humble one that at least we aren't playing the marimba with our shoes in the United Nations , but perhaps the heavy domes in the house of delegates can improve on this feeble effort . (Filtered Words: 0)
You were careful about that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His talk turns to what he calls `` the mess '' , or sometimes `` this buzzing confusion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could you possibly have lunch with him today ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
To assemble jar , put paper pattern B for base in bottom of mold and clay disk B on top . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and a very black colored boy from Detroit had killed or put out of action ten guerrillas by grenades and hand-to-hand fighting . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was no lock because [FILTERED] didn't allow a lock . (Filtered Words: 1)
I mean I've got to -- to see to the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
General effects of ionizing radiation (Filtered Words: 0)
The central group of the Foundation's advisors are , at any one period of time , the members of our Advisory Board , consisting , now , of thirty-six men and women . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously I'm stuck on the line between the two countries '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And that is '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The orderly room seemed to be deserted . (Filtered Words: 0)
I noted that her full breasts were bare and that she wore a garland of red pandanus fruit in her blue-black hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
As this tax base grows so then can your medium and low density residential areas grow . (Filtered Words: 0)
In seconds all four cars were out of sight . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is no coincidence that the Texas Cotton Ginner's Association is meeting here this week for the 46th time in their 52-year history . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sweeney Blue , hit the deck . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is the wooden sculpture from Bali , the one representing two men with their heads bent backward and their bodies interlaced by a fish , that I particularly call to your attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
Random variables . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` Nothing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He worked standing , with his left hand in his pocket as though he were merely stopping for a moment , sketching with the surprised stare of one who was watching another person's hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
As she reached the kitchen door the answer presented itself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The desirability of preserving such places as the Cape dunes and Stone Harbor sanctuary becomes more apparent every year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps this is what gives the aborigine his odd air of dignity . (Filtered Words: 0)
A mother can help a child adapt to his difficulties . (Filtered Words: 0)
nor was she moved by a letter from [FILTERED] pointing out that if he was not `` compelled to spend money on useless lawyer's bills , useless hotel bills , and useless doctor's bills '' , he could more quickly provide [FILTERED] with a suitable home either in Los Angeles or Paris , as she preferred . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] , bass , and [FILTERED] , drums . (Filtered Words: 2)
Come a bit closer . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the first of 2,800,000 called to the Army through the selective service system . (Filtered Words: 0)
White wines should be opened when served , having been previously chilled in proportion to their sweetness . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
a smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Morning , Lieutenant Rinker '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For one thing , the world that [FILTERED] sees is already shattered . (Filtered Words: 1)
We speak from varying viewpoints . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is the recognized `` father '' of the Rural Electrification Administration and the Security and Exchange Commission . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We are going to bring the [FILTERED] into New York harbor safe and sound '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Workshops are conducted by the system's audio-visual consultant for the staffs of member libraries , teaching them the effective use of film as a library service . (Filtered Words: 0)
Phone service criticized (Filtered Words: 0)
Splendid , too , is the performance of [FILTERED] , one of Russia's leading comedians , as Sancho Panza , the fat , grotesque `` squire '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] dismounted and climbed the steps . (Filtered Words: 1)
With names and addresses listed , verification came next . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You always live up to your name , always like this , always making happy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Experiments are in progress to develop ultraviolet spectrophotometric techniques for assaying these enzymes and for studying their sensitivity to metal ions . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time that religion binds the individual helpfully to the supernatural and gives him cosmic peace and a sense of supreme fulfillment , it also has great therapeutic value for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
' Kalamazoo guitars ' , he said , ' used by radio hillbilly singers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was after seven o'clock . (Filtered Words: 0)
You might need it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today it espouses certain ideas in its curriculum that other institutions might consider somewhat breathtaking . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why should Via have it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Harro , girl-san '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He can often make the complex ridiculously simple , and vice versa . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not lower his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The form of Christianity to which they were exposed was for some the Protestantism of the older stock , for others the Protestantism of the nineteenth-century immigration ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The bride was given in marriage by her father . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He helped [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] enlarge the flower garden in the side yard , where they sometimes sat in the still evenings watching the last fat bees working against the summer's purple dusk . (Filtered Words: 2)
the later works were conceived to affirm a way of life for fellow citizens . (Filtered Words: 0)
But nevertheless it looked respectable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cost of land and the prospects for appreciation in value may influence your decision . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly , he wrote that [FILTERED] had a `` too deliberate manner '' as well as a lack of `` inevitable felicity in diction '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet he never allowed these models to become fixed in his mind ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to the three major original equipment segments of the electronics business , the steady growth in the market for replacement parts continues year by year . (Filtered Words: 0)
The couple was married Aug. 2 , 1913 . (Filtered Words: 0)
These strengths are considered adequate to meet the essential roles and missions of the reserves in support of our national security objectives . (Filtered Words: 0)
The central area of the ground floor of a heavily constructed apartment building , with concrete floors , should provide more fallout protection than the ordinary basement of a family dwelling . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Aegean in 800 B.C. (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That will be so nice for you , Mrs. [FILTERED] '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Legislators who last year opposed placing aged-care under the social security system criticized the President's plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her face seemed to float in an implausibly bright shaft of sunlight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scrapings from the bed linen identical with the lint and thread found in the nasal and oral cavities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fairmount Park Commission (Filtered Words: 0)
The antithyroid drugs of the thiouracil type , however , are not antagonised by such means . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , the only conceivable alternatives are those represented , on the one hand , by the two at least apparently self-consistent but mutually exclusive positions of Buri and Barth and , on the other hand , by the third but really pseudo position ( analogous to a round square ) of Bultmann . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether the compromises -- on both sides -- that made possible the interim appointment can then be repeated remains to be seen . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] a witness (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Don't Christsake me , buddy ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Police theorize that a combination of dope , drink and drugs killed her . (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance , college-educated people consistently show up in study after study as more often than others supporters of the Bill of Rights and other democratic rights and liberties . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shelter in apartment buildings (Filtered Words: 0)
Even on the fictional level , however , the contradictions which give rise to the mystery story are not fully resolved . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Oso replied calmly , `` Trouble ain't easy to dodge out in this country , rev'rend '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Respondents' opinions regarding advertised bidding ( Part E of the questionnaire ) 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , he replies , `` full grown , adult show dogs , housebroken , and obedience-trained '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What does he have in mind to do when he graduates '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Gladden has been an outspoken critic of the present city administration and led his union's battle against the teamsters , which began organizing city firemen in 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
By an effort of historical sympathy we can cast our minds back into the art of a remote past or an alien present , and enjoy the carvings of cavemen and Japanese colour-prints ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He played the leading role in negotiating the treaty with Great Britain that ended the Revolution , and directed America's foreign affairs throughout the Confederation period . (Filtered Words: 0)
The spray rails are first glued on the outside and fastened from the inside with screws . (Filtered Words: 0)
But one does not have to affirm the existence of an evil order irredeemable in that sense , or a static order in which no changes will take place in time , to be able truthfully to affirm the following fact : there has never been justitia imprinted in social institutions and social relationships except in the context of some pax-ordo preserved by clothed or naked force . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not manage the former or expect the latter ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The name : [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is the principle which we will invoke in every case to set up a functional equation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is forgiveness of past sins , assurance of present help , and hope of future bliss in your orbit ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , sweet land of heaven , haint there just nothin like sweet nigger pussy ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He made his fortune during World War 2 , when he took over a number of dying steel plants and kept them alive until the boom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fixed installations offer possibilities for area detection . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) Mechanized bunks -- they sit within the feed lot , are filled by a mechanical conveyor above feeding surface ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He took pride in his hiding . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no dyeing or waxing or gassing needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Providence Daily Journal stated that although the guilt of [FILTERED] was evident , the South must guarantee him a fair trial to preserve domestic peace . (Filtered Words: 1)
The following generalizations about the emotional characteristics of elementary-school children may be helpful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hell , sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But why in the name of God can't I give my father blood '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude had the opportunity to take the bottle of opium from [FILTERED]'s room . (Filtered Words: 1)
Clayton choked , shook his head , murmuring , `` No '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
recommend to the Congress from time to time authorization for construction and operation , or for participation in the construction and operation , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of subsections ( A ) and ( B ) above , has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this Act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In London Lewis took the usual suite in Bury Street . (Filtered Words: 0)
In answering these questions , we need to ask not merely whether Communist troops have crossed over into territories they did not occupy before , and not merely whether disciplined agents of the Cominform are in control of governments from which they were formerly excluded : the success of Communism's war against the West does not depend on such spectacular and definitive conquests . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had died two weeks before , in early November , without being reconciled to the Church . (Filtered Words: 1)
We shared the expenses of the studio , and we all lived within walking distance of it , in cheap lodgings of one kind or another . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tugged the brim of his hat low as he approached , stepped out into the street just behind the car and strode around to the right-hand side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too many books and articles are just assembled by putting one word after another . (Filtered Words: 0)
The former President blithely ignored recent history in speaking of `` dollarette '' dollars under Kennedy Administration fiscal policies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man had come floundering aboard the flat-bottomed barge at the last instant , brandishing the flag of truce . (Filtered Words: 0)
While [FILTERED] censors literature only for the young , [FILTERED] would banish all poets from his ideal state . (Filtered Words: 2)
She wouldn't go back to New York as [FILTERED] suggested ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
That's what the man had said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do use paper napkins ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you always navigate like this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She yanked away from him furiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charitable deductions come in for closer scrutiny by the I.R.S. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore the second principle of the plan must be that , while providing for all-out hostilities , its effectiveness is not dependent on general war . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was , of course , a little boy's fantasy of winning his mother to himself , and replacing the father who could not give her the things she wanted -- a classical oedipal fantasy if you like -- but if it were only this the story would be banal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The selection of the wrong tools can mean waste , at best , and at worst an unwanted inflammation of the problem itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once , after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather , [FILTERED] ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Both abolition of war and new techniques of production , particularly robot factories , greatly increase the world's wealth , a situation described in the following passage , which has the true utopian ring : `` Everything was so cheap that the necessities of life were free , provided as a public service by the community , as roads , water , street lighting and drainage had once been . (Filtered Words: 0)
plants are being taught to grow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
While he was handling the multi-million-dollar funding operations of the Government he had to resort to borrowing small sums from friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
The suppositions in the previous illustration might be sufficiently altered by establishing a connection between general company practice and local practice in the South , and by establishing such direct connection between the practice and the economic well-being of stores located in New York and general company policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
A bee's place is in the hive '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's one of the rules on transients . (Filtered Words: 0)
On C , from the point P at Af to the point Q at Af , we construct the chord , and upon the chord as a side erect a square in such a way that as S approaches zero the square is inside C . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it not the obligation of us older citizens to lend our weight to being creative on the character side and to hasten our own maturing process ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He took a big swig of his drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
True , our problems have lessened a bit as more and more of our neighbors have built their own pools , thereby diluting our spectacular attractions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Avoiding runaway technology can be done only by assuring a humane society ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The apparent black-body disk temperature is the temperature which must be assumed for the black body in order that the intensity of its radiation should equal that of the observed radiation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] speaks of his `` superb gift for intellectual friendship '' , and it is certainly a joy to see the intellectual life lived so free from either academic aridity or passionate dogmatism . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even apart from the fact that now at the age of 31 my personal life is being totally disrupted for the second time for no very compelling reason -- I cannot help looking around at the black leather jacket brigades standing idly on the street corners and in the taverns of every American city and asking myself if our society has gone mad . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was the end of his front-page feature story , with byline . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come spring , you'll be kicking up your heels and feeling coltish again too , gal '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have learned from earthquakes much of what we now know about the earth's interior , for they send waves through the earth which emerge with information about the materials through which they have traveled . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is eminently successful according to all conventional standards . (Filtered Words: 0)
In short , it was centered around learning how to develop a more sensitive empathy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your first impression of this elongated square with its three elegant fountains , its two churches that almost face each other , and its russet-colored buildings , is a sense of restful spaciousness -- particularly welcome after wandering around the narrow and dark streets that you have followed since starting this walk . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a few minutes she was making the ten-foot hike unaided ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The man shrank before the hot fury , searching frantically for the answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rep. [FILTERED] , who teaches history in the Houston public schools , would reduce from 24 to 12 semester hours the so-called `` teaching methods '' courses required to obtain a junior or senior high school teaching certificate . (Filtered Words: 1)
The artist looks at an ankle , a calf , a bosom and , in his mind's eye , the clothes drop away and he sees her as she really is . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the existence of these many factors , some of them variable , it obviously has never been and is not now possible for the Commission to make assignments of AM stations on a case-to-case basis which will insure against any interference in any circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
When painting , Mason's physical eyes are half-closed , while his mind's eye is wide open , and this circumstance accounts in part for the impression he wishes to convey . (Filtered Words: 0)
I got off there , crossed the street , walked ahead with St. Sophia on my left , the Blue Mosque on my right , and in a moment came to the entrance of St. Sophia . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
there was no financial gain for [FILTERED] in the murders . (Filtered Words: 1)
The coronary arteries were sclerotic and diffusely narrowed throughout their courses , and the right coronary artery was virtually occluded by a yellow atheromatous plaque 1.5 cm. distal to its origin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Astonishingly enough , it was my own voice I heard there in the darkness , begging this man to make love to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] give approximately 20 inches as the average length of a brood of thirty from the region of the Orinoco estuaries . (Filtered Words: 2)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] announce the birth of a daughter , [FILTERED] , on Wednesday in Mercy Hospital . (Filtered Words: 2)
In I know one thing dominant stress will usually be on the complement one thing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` With boots on '' , Lolotte laughed softly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh -- we managed '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
His father was a constant visitor . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the president , a master plan looking ahead five years ( the maximum reach for sound forecasting ) , offers several practical advantages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten others made no reply . (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctor , since [FILTERED] was no longer allowed to make his regular trips into town to see him , came often and informally to the house . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her words jumbled together and she all but ran from the office and from the question in [FILTERED]'s face . (Filtered Words: 1)
And until this protection is at least as concrete as , say , the row of hotels that bars us from our own sands at Miami Beach , those who represent us all should agree to nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The group conducting the review is not holding formal hearings . (Filtered Words: 0)
For internal political reasons , the union asks for ( and accepts ) increases in the basic wage rate , and would vigorously oppose a reduction in this rate , but the adjustment of the basic wage rate upwards is essentially up to the discretion of the companies of the industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the universal list as his weapon , Swadesh has extended his march of conquest farther and farther into the past , eight , ten , twelve millennia back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now time is also the concern of the fictional narrative , which is , at its simplest , the story of an action with , usually , a beginning , a middle , and an end -- elements which demand time as the first condition for their existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Welch summoned jail officials to Barco's cell . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has frequently refused to move from white lunch counters , refused to obey local laws which he considers unjust , while in other cases he has appealed to federal laws . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suddenly thought of [FILTERED] , the way her pretty eyes could flash with anger , her quiet competence , the gentleness and sweetness that lay just beneath the surface of her defenses . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a `` potboiler '' made on a `` shoestring '' and not the sort of film I like , as all I had to do was look blank and scream a great deal . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be accomplished in two ways : 1 (Filtered Words: 0)
Prosperity for the whole nation is certainly preferred to a tax cut . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not any more . (Filtered Words: 0)
The twenty-three ( or twenty-two with the Paynes themselves omitted ) provided merely a place to start , and their identification was the barest of starts . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' At other points in his narrative , Krim associates Jewishness with unappeasable literary ambition , with abstraction , with his personal turning aside from the good , the true , and the beautiful of fiction in the manner of [FILTERED] to the international , the false , and the inflated . (Filtered Words: 1)
He questioned God's taking time to telegraph the message , but he felt better about Kizzie , and he took the sealed envelope from its pigeonhole , wondering why he had preserved it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come on , there's some cold chicken and we'll see what else '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the uniformed officers stepped in my way , demanding to know whether I had permission to enter Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consequently , if for any reason the hypothalamic excitability falls below the physiological level , the lessened hypothalamic-cortical discharges lead to a diminished state of activity in the cortex with consequent reduction in the cortico-fugal discharges . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If an opponent accuses you of lying , don't deny it . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] , nothing is forbidden . (Filtered Words: 1)
So I made no mention of air transport until we could get at least some of it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
use slip to join . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Impossible '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mediumistic impressions are evidently of all sorts and seem to involve all the senses . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What do you suggest '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He suggests that Gore Court embodies all the glories of Tudor splendor . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We the people of the Confederate States , each state acting in its sovereign and independent character , in order to form a permanent federal government , establish justice , insure domestic tranquility , and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity -- invoking the favor and the guidance of Almighty God -- do ordain and establish this Constitution for the Confederate States of America '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
processing methods ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The introduction of one-shot polyether foam systems , aided by the development of new catalysts , helped to alleviate some of the problems of closed molding . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rf power level was maintained small enough at all times to prevent obvious line shape distortions by saturation effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was no use . (Filtered Words: 0)
What a fool he had been to think of his brother ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Eddie shouted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon receiving the news , Northern writers , editors , and clergymen heaped accusations of murder on the Southern states , particularly Virginia . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only means of interior light is the twenty-nine-foot-wide aperture in the stupendous dome . (Filtered Words: 0)
theologians have been stressing the fact that the Church does not exist for its own sake but as a testimony in the world for the healing of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where can we get this cereal he likes so much '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Alone , rejected on every hand , divorced , and in financial trouble , he leaped from an eleventh-floor window of the Abbey Hotel in 1937 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aristotle also tended to stratify all aspects of human nature and activity into levels of excellence and , like [FILTERED] , he put the pure and unimpassioned intellect on the top level . (Filtered Words: 1)
If you have a higher-quality product , how can you make it stand out -- justify its premium price -- without the spoken word ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A ton of cooling compares to the cooling you get by melting a ton of ice . (Filtered Words: 0)
but this obligation pertains only to countries which are honestly seeking to become responsible members of a stable and forward-moving world community . (Filtered Words: 0)
For those little men with the short whiskers , shaven polls , and top knots [FILTERED] reserved a special esteem . (Filtered Words: 1)
I never saw him so anxious before '' , I said , lighting my pipe and offering her a cigarette . (Filtered Words: 0)
If within one year you can make a success out of the American , you can practically name your own salary thereafter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last year , we probably would have given him $700 for a comparable machine '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt trapped in that pattern , in the repetition . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dartmouth student does not live in monastic seclusion , as he once did . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dissection of scientific theory , the examination of a theory from the vantage-points of language , epistemology , and ethics , is itself a distinct contribution to knowledge , no less so because of its removal from empirical research . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only thing which would have attracted attention was that two wore the uniform of prison guards , three the striped suits of convicts . (Filtered Words: 0)
On September 16 , [FILTERED] will have served as Speaker twice as long as any predecessor and I am proud to join with others in marking this date , and in expressing my esteem for that notable American , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
I went to a retrospective of his work when I was eighteen , and I thought he was a contemporary of Cezanne's '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] writes only about Europe in this book and frequently of such familiar places as London , Vienna , the French Riviera and the Norwegian fjords . (Filtered Words: 1)
The dice were cast . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I thought maybe [FILTERED] could pinch-hit for me . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each is a complete ballplayer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not unless they have to . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third type , however , wrenches attention from the life of action and interests in the community and focuses it on the ground of being on which the community depends for its existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their tax collection calendar could then be : July 25 , October 26 , January 26 , and April 25 , ( Providence ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Not long ago an acquaintance , a slick-headed water rat of a lad up from the maw of the city , stood on the balcony puffing his first cigarette in weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Pirates have a 9-6 record this year and the Redbirds are 7-9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look at the sums paid by two device quack victims in Cleveland . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before he made that retreat , he telephoned [FILTERED] in Kansas City and asked him to come to Europe with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
They feel that the United States is engaged in a life-and-death struggle with communism for survival and world supremacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , yes '' , he muttered impatiently . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has erupted on the national level in the matter of including birth-control information and material in foreign aid to underdeveloped countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
About 500 employes of the firm will be on hand to witness bestowal of the honor upon Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You'll just have to risk it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Notice should be taken of unusual rock formations , deposits , or shapes of the earth's crust in your region . (Filtered Words: 0)
Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Following him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Further proof ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She finished her hamburger and drank her coffee and paid her check ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
3 The Redbirds' disheartening 11-7 collapse against the Phillies Sunday . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was even a bare chance that the phone had not been disconnected . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here , nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The conversation that ensued may have been engrossing but it could hardly be called world-shattering . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tradition reached its apex , perhaps , in the works of [FILTERED] toward the end of the century , and reappeared undiminished as late as 1934 in the best-selling novel So Red The Rose , by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
In the period since the end of World War 2 , -- a period coinciding with merchandising demands for the colorful , the unusual , and the original in signs and displays -- plastics have come on so strong that today they are the acknowledged leaders in the field . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is only one sense in which it is valid to talk about Hardy's development : he did develop toward a more consistent and more effective control of that tone which we recognize as uniquely his . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hunter and fisherman visits since 1949 have increased 8 times faster than the nationwide sale of hunting and fishing licenses . (Filtered Words: 0)
America , America , God mend thy every flaw , confirm thy soul in self control , the liberty in law . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alone , [FILTERED] examined the doors . (Filtered Words: 1)
The sighting procedure includes the use of a fixture for the transit to project a beam of light , which is darkened by crossed hairs , on the accelerometer mirror . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no doubt that [FILTERED] meant every word of what he said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Continuing deficits of anything like this magnitude would , over time , impair our own economic growth and check the forward progress of the Free World . (Filtered Words: 0)
I cannot remember Dr. [FILTERED]'s reply , if , indeed , he made one . (Filtered Words: 1)
These contend there is a serious question as to whether Mr. [FILTERED] has the confidence of the Democratic rank and file in the city . (Filtered Words: 1)
and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
We do not defeat the good ones with this cruelty , but we add to their burden , while expecting them to bestow saintliness upon us in return for ostentatious church attendance and a few bucks a week , American cash . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stock designs are excellent for use with scopes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And God help anyone who tries to unteach you '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two in the bed knew each other as old people know the partners with whom they have shared the same bed for many years , and they needed to say no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wherefore I thynke yow maye doo good yff yow can have money '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What targets have we successfully knocked out ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` One of the best matches I've ever found . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Ambassador [FILTERED] took it over in 1957 from [FILTERED] , he made a determined effort to change this idea . (Filtered Words: 2)
In snakes difference in size is a common characteristic of subspecies . (Filtered Words: 0)
You might say we are in the nation-building business '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elements , alloys , inorganic and organic compounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
In time she presents her aristocratic husband with a coal-black child . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel was polite , Scotty indifferent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Watch closely while browning them , as it doesn't take long . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a statement of costs per kilowatt-hour would ignore the fact that many of these costs are not a function of kilowatt-hour output ( or consumption ) of energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
You would call these the motives of crime . (Filtered Words: 0)
The earlier part of my statement deals with the court orders that resulted in desegregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elaine shook her head as she slipped out of her harness , but Poet nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Captain Jan must you go inside [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
the man put his at the head of Capt. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Someone said that while we were standing here and arguing about it , the British would be gone ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She also taught them to sing `` I wish I could shimmy like my sister [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
When they fall by the wayside and fail to achieve Christian stature , it is an indictment of the Church . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of this lifelike quality results from Mussorgsky's care in basing his vocal line on natural speech inflections . (Filtered Words: 0)
That , I thought , is at least one thing I can find out when we meet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Great stress is placed on the role that the monitoring of information sending plays in maintaining the effectiveness of the network . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , your criticism of Attorney General [FILTERED] and the Department of Justice was inaccurate , unwarranted and unfair . (Filtered Words: 1)
At first it had been just a romantic dream of his , the same as the idea of finishing Oxford after the war . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Tie him up '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And what a galaxy of those adorns that fair land ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The non-identity of serum and red blood cell arylesterase was also established . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nonetheless , they found common interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
The years suddenly fell away at this point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] had given Ma something of his -- we both had when we thought she was going straight to Pa -- something valuable ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Only one other contemporary of More's evokes so immediate and direct a response , and only one other contemporary work -- [FILTERED] and The Prince . (Filtered Words: 1)
Stanley had filled out the return and because , when he was finished , it was close to the lunch hour , he had politely asked Kitti to join him , never expecting her to accept . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan hesitated , thinking that if this was a trick , it was a good one . (Filtered Words: 0)
She ended her letter with the assurance that she considered his friendship for her daughter and herself to be an honor , from which she could not part `` without still more pain '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Poynting-Robertson effect ( Robertson , 1937 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You think I got you and [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] all the way out here just for the boat ride ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
Heidenstam wrote four other works of fiction about earlier figures revered in Swedish memory . (Filtered Words: 0)
In New York City , WLIB boasts `` more community service programs than any other Negro station '' and `` one of the largest Negro news staffs in America '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is also expressed in the proscription against deviants in the matter of endogamy , particularly in rural areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a marked tendency for religions , once firmly established , to resist change , not only in their own doctrines and policies and practices , but also in secular affairs having religious relevance . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] residents have been generous contributors to the fund over the years . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Zeitgeist is not crazy as a loon or mad as a March hare ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But the price was the silence of the grave for all criticism or opposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hand grenades . (Filtered Words: 0)
they are difficult to counter , cost little to maintain until required , and can be put into place quickly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe that was why they were cordial and loyal towards the unpredictability of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' She announced . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time there was no sound of brakes but the shrieking of women . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aside from availability and economic considerations , each has certain practical advantages ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In a sample of new members of Pittsburgh churches , almost 60 per cent were recruited by initial `` contacts with friendly members '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has become almost trite to say that the ecumenical movement must be `` carried down to the grass roots '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Read on , take your pick -- and start dropping those hints . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then it hit me . (Filtered Words: 0)
A bustle of sheets being smoothed and pillows being arranged indicated the fille de chambre's presence inside ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dallas Texans were back home Monday with their third victory in four American Football League starts -- a 19-12 triumph over the Denver Broncos -- but their visit will be a short one . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] smiled modestly . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is a bronze wreath on the wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recognizing the truth of the statement by the Institute of Public Administration that `` Metropolian Planning ( in Rhode Island ) means , or should mean , state planning '' , the state guide plan will take into account the metropolitan nature of many of Rhode Island's problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the wagons erupted a massive pillar of flame . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can drop you back here to pick mine up '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the constitution forbids introduction of a tax bill at a fiscal session , the administration will either have to cut down expenses or inflate its estimates of anticipated revenues . (Filtered Words: 0)
The precipitate was washed twice with an 80% saturated solution of Af , dissolved in a small quantity of 0.1 M neutral phosphate buffer , dialyzed against cold distilled water till free from ammonium ions , and lyophilized using liquid nitrogen . (Filtered Words: 0)
A study of their activity on thyroglobulin has shown that thyroxine is not preferentially released and that the degradation proceeds stepwise with the formation of macromolecular intermediates ( Alpers , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , 1956 ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
whom shall I fear ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Day by day , week by week , month by month , the betrayal gnawed at [FILTERED]'s heart . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Asleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
processing methods ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the cleaning process , sorbed greasy soils become coated in this manner with an oriented film of surfactant . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` La Gioconda '' , like it or not , is a singer's opera . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] case looked to the past , not to the future . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was compiled as a control sample to determine if the opinions and practices of companies on the lists submitted by the members of the Aerospace Industries Association were materially different from those of other small firms selling to defense programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Real bright along those lines , you might say . (Filtered Words: 0)
I eat too much eggs and poark . (Filtered Words: 0)
To many of us , this is a land to which we or our parents fled from totalitarian terror in order to live in dignified freedom . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was born in the North and did his military training in the South . (Filtered Words: 0)
That , I smarted , is a royal rebuff if ever there was one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately , the honor of the denomination can attest that Cyrus Bartol defended Parker's sincerity , as did also [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
`` I can imagine '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
You explain English by Greek '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
TASS from Moscow in English to Europe : (Filtered Words: 0)
Breakfast , he thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We've got to eat '' , [FILTERED] said , curtly , because a chill crawled over her again . (Filtered Words: 1)
They would champion me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll get more snow '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Capital imports drawn from a number of sources must be employed and combined skillfully enough to permit domestic investment programming to go forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hodges predicted : ' I think we will see more foreign firms coming to the U.S. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , [FILTERED] thought , That'll save . (Filtered Words: 1)
The cork should be pulled gradually and smoothly , and the lip of the bottle wiped afterward . (Filtered Words: 0)
; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the initial questions put to President [FILTERED] at his first news conference last January was about his attitude toward a meeting with Premier [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Strange , but she was . (Filtered Words: 0)
The teacher was a pliant fool . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is married and the father of three children . (Filtered Words: 0)
A story , no doubt apocryphal , for [FILTERED] himself denies it , has him sporting a monacle in those Village days . (Filtered Words: 1)
They told police the intruders took a mink coat worth $700 , a black Persian lamb jacket worth $450 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Lincoln saw that the act of secession made the issue for the Union a vital one : Whether it was a Union of sovereign citizens that should continue to live , or an association of sovereign states that must fall prey either to `` anarchy or despotism '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What did you mean by that rattlesnake gag ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
After 1895 the number increases , and in the next thirty years there is only one year for which there is no dated poem -- 1903 , when Hardy was at work on The Dynasts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bobbie had been head of the alloy division , while [FILTERED] was just another good salesman in the regular branch . (Filtered Words: 1)
Compassionately yours , (Filtered Words: 0)
Or put another way , the hardest missile site planned today could be destroyed by placing a one-kiloton warhead ( 1/20th the size of those used in Hiroshima and Nagasaki ) within 100 to 200 feet of the target ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If we are born of God we persevere unto the end . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the President of the United States really feels he won himself a `` lousy job '' , then heaven help us all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then pour water or light oil from a graduated beaker into the chamber to fill the chamber to its gasket surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no rice . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It is a duty '' , said Hough , `` not to let pass this opportunity of protesting against the methods of taking and printing testimony in Equity , current in this circuit ( and probably others ) , excused if not justified by the rules of the Supreme Court , especially to be found in patent causes , and flagrantly exemplified in this litigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parents are asked in the bulletin to send packages of treats consisting of fruit and nuts , but no candy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Class Three , they said . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , no it was an unfortunate resemblance , that was all it was , and I turned to [FILTERED] , forcing myself to put my disquiet out of my mind . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Maybe he's at the hotel '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cut five pieces of Af brass bar stock 3-3/4'' '' long . (Filtered Words: 0)
The causes of the decline of the commuter railroads are many and complex -- high taxes , losses of revenue to Government subsidized highway and air carriers , to name but two . (Filtered Words: 0)
He brought his Winchester in from the front of the house , then faced the boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had left after the scuffle ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A blower may be installed to increase comfort . (Filtered Words: 0)
But do not dream . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was about to leave them , to depart from this world , and return to His Father in Heaven . (Filtered Words: 0)
I would hope that Sargent Shriver will encourage everyone entering the Peace Corps to read it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miraculously , the bottle was still in my hand , foam still geysering over my ( luckily ) waterproof watch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sports Writer Ensign Ritchie of the Ogden Standard Examiner went to his compartment to talk with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
What one actually remembers is its greenness . (Filtered Words: 0)
The idea behind our design is modular units , or panelization . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wisdom of granting such tax exemptions is another matter , but this particular instance is , in my opinion , completely satisfactory . (Filtered Words: 0)
I feel that few burglars would be prone to break and enter into someone's apartment if they were met with a good hardy growl that a dog would provide . (Filtered Words: 0)
The card the man I was shadowing had filled out was still on the counter . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You do seem to '' , said Henrietta , impressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some significant new items see the pictures . (Filtered Words: 0)
On October 19 , after the Soviets had detonated at least 20 nuclear devices , Ambassador [FILTERED] warned the UN General Assembly that this country , in `` self protection '' , might have to resume above-ground tests . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] asserted in the Continental Congress' Declaration of Rights that the demands of the colonies were in accordance with their charters , the British Constitution and the common law , and [FILTERED] appealed in the Declaration of Independence `` to the tribunal of the world '' for support of a revolution justified by `` the laws of nature and of nature's God '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
-- Syllables are linguistic units centering in peaks which are usually vocalic but , as has been noted , are consonantal under certain circumstances , and which may or may not be combined with preceding and/or following consonants or combinations of consonants . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is one of those names known to the stewards of transatlantic jetliners and to doormen in Europe's best hotels , but he is somewhat of an enigma to most people in his own home town of Pittsburgh . (Filtered Words: 1)
He swung round to the other men -- `` We can catch him easy ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
We'd know him by his stretch pants and the flowers he'd wear twined in his hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked [FILTERED] suspiciously as they sat in the well-house shade , watching the girls congregate in front of the schoolhouse . (Filtered Words: 1)
This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden . (Filtered Words: 0)
He called her `` Fatso '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a child fails to meet the standards of the school in his rate of learning , insecurity , unhappiness , and other forms of maladjustment frequently follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the past few years the men , mostly husbands of members , have taken an interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then people wonder why Russian pupils are more advanced than American students . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] no doubt concurs in principle but is more apt to make exceptions to achieve a generous and `` just '' result . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , as the lone male , meets the competition well with some brilliant hits , but the work is designed to belong to the ladies . (Filtered Words: 1)
The lieutenant's sparse brown hair was heavily pomaded , and as [FILTERED] raked the comb through it , it stuck together in thatches so that it looked like umbrella ribs clinging to his pink skull . (Filtered Words: 1)
Classic mythology and Christianity are such architectures of the imagination . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] banged his locker door shut and spun around . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since civilizational change is the most difficult to perceive and analyze , it seldom is given adequate attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two men he did not recognize were sipping coffee and munching sweet rolls . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a climate hostile to agriculture , Mr. [FILTERED] has had to keep alert to the most productive farm techniques . (Filtered Words: 1)
Wine : `` Then you were typing poems this afternoon '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In my experience the assurance of forgiveness comes only when I have confessed to the wronged one and have made as full reparation as I can devise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Section 6(j) of the Act , as we have held , does require the Department's recommendation to be placed in a registrant's file . (Filtered Words: 0)
This magnificent but greatly underestimated book , which bodies forth the very form and pressure of its time as no other comparable creation , has suffered severely from having been written about an historical event -- the Spanish Civil War -- that is still capable of fanning the smoldering fires of old political feuds . (Filtered Words: 0)
To provide service of local origin to as many listeners as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems clear , when one takes into consideration the exceedingly defective eyesight of the patient ( we shall describe it in detail in connection with our second question , the one concerning the psychical blindness of the patient ) , that he had to rely on his sense of touch much more than the usual portfolio-maker and that consequently that faculty was most probably more sensitive to shape and size than that of a person with normal vision . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fort up ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This `` ejection '' momentum is linearly related to the particle energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sir -- Every resident of this city should visit the Newark Museum and see the exhibit `` Our Changing Skyline in Newark '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There wasn't any such thing any more . (Filtered Words: 0)
As head of the firm [FILTERED] & Swartz , Mr. [FILTERED] began by challenging Brown & Sharpe to its keenest competition during the 1850's and early 60's . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was the Arc de Triomphe and the Tour d'Eiffel -- I was no yokel , but I was young , and this was Paris ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
he was working with species of [FILTERED] , so perhaps some tropical snakes are unusual in this respect . (Filtered Words: 1)
A few days later it was learned that General Howe was planning an attack upon the American camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes , though , they did not seem quite human . (Filtered Words: 0)
How did it happen , for example , that the state university , that great symbol of American democracy , failed to flourish in New England as it did in other parts of the country ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It took them an hour before they came to the first houses of Kelseyville . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make criss-cross gashes on one side of skinless frankfurters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Teeth again flashing back at me , the driver released a deluge of Spanish in which `` amigo '' appeared every so often like an island in the stormy waves of surrounding sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
He worked his tongue round and round in the hollow of his cheek and his voice came out of his throat , dry and cracked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each generator , **yl , of Af is also exceptional , for each is transformed into the entire congruence of secants of the curve into which that generator is transformed by the point involution on Q . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet though it may seem difficult to envision any definitive resolution of the problem of ownership and control , there are nevertheless certain suggestions which seem to be in order . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the hut of Simms Purdew , the hero . (Filtered Words: 0)
The table shows that 0.6 of the boys and 0.6 of the girls vote for picture A . (Filtered Words: 0)
In total , these increases in operating costs outweigh the savings that result from declining programs and from economy measures , such as reduced numbers of units and installations , smaller inventories of major equipment , and improvements in the supply and distribution systems of the Armed Forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bonn , Oct. 24 ( UPI ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Each time a dictionary form matches a text form , the information cell of the matching text form is saved . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has a wonderfully retentive memory . (Filtered Words: 0)
That'll be plenty to eat by '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't stir . (Filtered Words: 0)
they fled from the Victorian parlor and made their way across the stormy Atlantic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Already debilitated by the Chattanooga starvation , the quality of [FILTERED]'s horseflesh ran downhill as the campaign progressed . (Filtered Words: 1)
You have just given me permission to leave France , which I did . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was sure of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both had eager and inquiring minds ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
once in power he begins to give vent to a criminal opportunism that causes him to alternate between megalomania and envy of those above him . (Filtered Words: 0)
And she was deeply thankful that she could see her now , out there in the midst of a gay , youthful circle , skipping and singing , `` Farmer in the dell , Farmer in the dell , [FILTERED] the dairy-oh , the farmer in the dell '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Do not feed to dairy cows and do not feed within 60 days of slaughter . (Filtered Words: 0)
One less shouldn't matter to him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On chemical grounds it seems most likely that iodide is first converted to Af and then to Af as the active iodinating species . (Filtered Words: 0)
Payne was more methodical than that . (Filtered Words: 0)
What of his treatment of the Jew in The Merchant Of Venice ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The death of her mother in 1865 prevented this . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you any objection to the following plan ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
they read widely and eclectically ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , like the present Secretary General , is a lawyer ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
From L'Turu , I heard that until about 1850 the people of this island -- which was about the size of Guam or smaller -- had been of both sexes , and that the normal family life of Melanesian tribes was observed here with minor variations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not even an empty cartridge case could be found . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is one other point we should never lose sight of : Many veterans who enter VA hospitals as non-service cases later qualify as service-connected . (Filtered Words: 0)
The husky 6-3 , 205-pound lefthander , was in command all the way before an on-the-scene audience of only 949 and countless of television viewers in the Denver area . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drain off the water at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of water at the end of the sum of the times shown in Columns A and C , measured from the time the wash wheel was started . (Filtered Words: 0)
He outplayed Palmer all around the course and finished with a tremendous 65 to Palmer's 71 . (Filtered Words: 0)
You need tongs to handle meat ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not count time . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the aid of that I could hear my man moving around , heard him cough a couple of times , heard the toilet flush , heard the sound of water running . (Filtered Words: 0)
That doctrine has been accepted by many , but has it produced good results ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He is particularly vulnerable to diabetes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plastic signs are economical . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nude was small and black-haired and elfin , and was called `` Eloise '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Birmingham , Ala. -- ( AP ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Today it espouses certain ideas in its curriculum that other institutions might consider somewhat breathtaking . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And smokes too much '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There have been very few cases of explicit conflict of interest between the middle class and any other class in the field of educational policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their conversations were , almost invariably , accompanied by the same gestures -- arms and pointed forefingers darting toward each other in arclike semicircular motions . (Filtered Words: 0)
After this deal with the Bouvardier woman went through . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Negro neighborhoods and also to some extent in the mixed neighborhoods the problem may be one of identification and motivation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Survivors include his sister , Mrs. [FILTERED] of Atlanta . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since they could see me but I not them , their presence in the hall disturbed me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blue Throat's men spotted him and a hail of bullets splintered the store fronts and board walk as he passed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presses not fitted with sealed spindle bearings will need a drop of oil now and then in the lubrication holes in the quill . (Filtered Words: 0)
somewhat less likely sources are the heavier hydrides SH , SiH , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The data provide a measure of the total mass of cosmic material incident upon the Earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hundreds of civic clubs , business firms and individuals make me available to school teachers throughout the land . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were four from St. John's and four from Christ's , three from Pembroke , and two from each of the colleges , Jesus , Peterhouse , Queens' , and Trinity , with Caius , Clare , King's , [FILTERED] , and Sidney supplying one each in the ordo senioritatis . (Filtered Words: 1)
Folklore is individually created art that a homogeneous group of people preserve , vary and recreate through oral transmission . (Filtered Words: 0)
And return to the United States she did , into waiting arms -- the unromantic ones of the New York District Attorney's office . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apart from the aged care plan the President's most ambitious and costly proposals were for federal scholarships , and grants to build or enlarge medical and dental schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody walks anymore but crackpots and [FILTERED] , and he's already got an education . (Filtered Words: 1)
His leadership was not for audiences . (Filtered Words: 0)
Import quotas aren't ruled out where the national interest is involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only one who would have him was his cripple , the strange unhappy woman who became his wife . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` -- had enough brains to call ya up so as ya could do sompin about it when the parents -- I coulda let her go go '' -- His eyes were lowered , so he couldn't have seen the narrow , pointed face of his companion suddenly writhe with fury ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
After an earthquake in Japan in 1793 people on the coast at Tugaru were so terrified by the extraordinary ebbing of the sea that they scurried to higher ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
and that the maximum of the radio emission came about 3-1/2 days after Full Moon , which is again in contrast to the infrared emission , which reaches its maximum at Full Moon . (Filtered Words: 0)
The public , [FILTERED] said the man told him , wanted realism , and his play wasn't that . (Filtered Words: 1)
We are , as we know , utterly dependent on the quality of advice we get ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Attorney Shearn had worked on this for two years and had succeeded in getting a report supporting his stand from the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
Difficult as it may have been at times , Pozzatti and I saw enough , talked to enough artists , historians and others to realize that the issue is quite clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
By her eighteenth birthday her bent for writing was so evident that Papa and [FILTERED] gave her a Life Of Dickens as a spur to her aspiration . (Filtered Words: 1)
When his vision cleared he saw the taller one scrambling upward , reaching . (Filtered Words: 0)
She retreated before the naked shame in the old man and the fury beyond it and sank into the darkness of her lodge where Walitzee stirred , mumbling , sitting up in a half stupor to say : (Filtered Words: 0)
The machine quack makes his Rube Goldberg devices out of odds and ends of metals , wires , and radio parts . (Filtered Words: 0)
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 21st day of November , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet here they were obviously thought to be handsome , and felt themselves to be so . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is an engrossing commentary on a repressive , upper-middle-class New York way of life in the first part of this century . (Filtered Words: 0)
His leadership was not for audiences . (Filtered Words: 0)
The old established independent art schools try their best to fulfill their obligations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Section 203 of the United States Code voids an assignment of a claim against the Government unless made after it has been allowed , the amount due has been ascertained , and a warrant for its payment has been issued . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Registry of Motor Vehicles indicates that at least one state automobile was registered as far back as 1917 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is very important . (Filtered Words: 1)
Writers of ads must get their inspiration from the attitude of `` modern '' parents they have observed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , sure , I'll see the doctor -- this evening , if you insist . (Filtered Words: 0)
To learn what we do is the first step for improvement . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They ain't even in sight '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
diocs -- define input/output control system (Filtered Words: 0)
there was no doubt he was dying . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sabine called a few minutes ago '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
In December we began to ship our ultra-high-speed stretch yarn machines . (Filtered Words: 0)
The radiation processing of meat has received extensive investigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , her central figures are so busily fulfilling their multitudinous assignments that none emerges as an arresting individual in his own right or as a provocative symbol of mankind's ills . (Filtered Words: 0)
No . (Filtered Words: 0)
A teenage girl , [FILTERED] , is being sharply questioned by her minister uncle , the Reverend [FILTERED] , about a wild night affair in the woods in which she and some other girls had seemed to have had contact with these evil beings . (Filtered Words: 2)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The lower portion permits comparison of maturity levels of short and round bones predominantly , since only two long bones are included in Hand and [FILTERED] as a region . (Filtered Words: 1)
The terminology used conforms to that of Internationale Tabellen Zur Bestimmung Von Kristallstrukturen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , politician (Filtered Words: 1)
Apparently [FILTERED] caught the crowd when its parties had begun to pall . (Filtered Words: 1)
That was where he met [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Skolman's jammed in every table he could find . (Filtered Words: 0)
The favorite excuse of those who have now recanted their approval of communism is that they did not know how things would develop . (Filtered Words: 0)
The telephone rang . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's a large compartment in the forward cockpit for charts and other items . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a clear relationship between their educational evaluations and their basic pattern of general values . (Filtered Words: 0)
It isn't what the ideologist believes in , but what he hates , that puts the world in jeopardy . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ladies especially couldn't understand what troubled him . (Filtered Words: 0)
the future weight of informal factors cannot be so easily assessed . (Filtered Words: 0)
How useful will it be to the public ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( see MPl , Mar. 1961 , p. 98 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
With difficulty , [FILTERED] persuaded him to rejoin the ship , and they sailed from Iceland . (Filtered Words: 1)
Membership consists of both beginners and experienced players . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was symbolized ( at least for those of us who recognized ourselves in the image ) by that self-consuming , elegiac candle of Edna St. Vincent Millay's , that candle which from the quatrain where she ensconced it became a beacon to us , but which in point of fact would have had to be as tall as a funeral taper to last even the evening , let alone the night . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was also a long wooden spear and a woomera , a spear-throwing device which gives the spear an enormous velocity and high accuracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
These areas , by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued -- and set to shuttling again -- only by conventional perspective ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was big-chested , big-shouldered and heavy-armed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two data centers have been established for the collection , indexing , critical evaluation , and dissemination of bibliographies and critical values in the fields of transition probabilities and collision cross sections . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Jewish section was in Trastevere , near the Tiber at the church of San Francesco a Ripa . (Filtered Words: 0)
tree branches snapped as she pushed them ruthlessly away from her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Microscopic examination (Filtered Words: 0)
ivy climbed the red brick walls like a green-scaled monster . (Filtered Words: 0)
Want me to drive it out '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And another time , without accusation : `` You never wore that scarf I bought you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's time you began to think on God , Stephen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , he may discover embodied within its texture a theme or idea that has been presented elsewhere and at other times in various ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
He crouched there . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were free . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is hard to believe that this mass of intertwined concrete constitutes what the law calls `` the highest and best use '' of centrally located urban land . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it that they don't care ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Right '' , said the fingerprint man . (Filtered Words: 0)
It so happened that sports writer [FILTERED] got out of the hospital that morning after promising his doctor that he be back in an hour or two to continue his convalescence . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now it seemed almost as if Jesus were looking down at me with sadness in His eyes , saying : (Filtered Words: 0)
This may be because the Athabascan divergence began earlier ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The pain seems short and the pleasure seems long . (Filtered Words: 0)
Friend is off to a great start with a 4-0 record but isn't likely to see action here this week . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The high school kids have got everything sewed up '' , he said , a whine in his voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , over the years , the American farmer's capacity to over-produce has cost the taxpayers a large dollar . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was time to go up myself '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The washing procedures are summarized in Table 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
At 2130 hours they had passed through the barbed wire at the point of departure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among individual dealers questioned in nearly a score of states , two out of three report their sales since August 1 show sizable gains from a year earlier , with the increases ranging from 5% to 50% . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I aim to have it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Have you ever tried to reason with an Eskimo '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Two types of light source were used , a thousand watt projection lamp and an AH6 high pressure mercury arc . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gone is the tabula rasa of the mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't miss the pansies that appear from time to time through the winter . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- You'll be visiting Miss [FILTERED] , Ma'am '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
But there seemed to be some difference of opinion as to how far the board should go , and whose advice it should follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Alice , for goodness sake '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Better to have your equipment slightly undersized than too big . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kissing her he whispered , several times , `` Eurydice '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One night on the Naktong River , [FILTERED] called on that fabled esprit de corps . (Filtered Words: 1)
Up to this point stress has been placed on roleplaying in terms of individuals . (Filtered Words: 0)
No more could he defend himself against them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally , such scholarly facts are of little concern to the man trying to make money or fan patriotism by means of folklore . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some unusual photographic subjects , if your vacation takes you nearby , try these events : the 600-mile auto race in Charlotte , N.C. , , on May 27 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not necessarily to green , however , for in some situations only a yellow indication is given to a train to let it into the `` plant '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet nobody will question the necessity of all this and any reputable interior designer does know all this and does practice it . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's happened ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was true that they could be approximated , but would the Ozagenians understand these approximations ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They'd cut their mothers' belly open . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm not the only man in town with a gun , or the only one without a permit '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On June 24 more than 400 families started the three-month trip across the plains to the Mississippi . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heart conditions and high blood pressure escape the stresses brought on by oppressive heat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only , unfortunately , he could not remove from his voice a nagging insinuation of the direct command . (Filtered Words: 0)
They recooned as how you'uns all would be a heap wus to we'uns all ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the first two murders , the warning notes were rarely ignored . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reaction rates observed at 200-degrees ranged from Af of the chlorine exchanged per hour to 0.7 exchanged per hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guards did not look at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
You've never been to Ryusenji '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Many people agreed that burns should be treated with bland oily salves or unsalted butter or lard , but one informant told me that a burn should be bathed in salt water ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Women's Recreation Association . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] swung into the saddle , yet still he delayed , his brows puckered . (Filtered Words: 1)
Magazine advertising included Management Methods , The New Englander , [FILTERED] , and Plant Location . (Filtered Words: 1)
Kiwanis , American Legion and other groups donate small sums and the mothers do what they can to bring in dollars for its support . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the solution to this dilemma is not the incorporation of the United States into an Atlantic Community or `` economic empire '' , but merely what libertarians like [FILTERED] and Ludwig Von Mises have been arguing for years : an end to government regulations , an end to government competition in industry , and a realistic depreciation allowance for industry . (Filtered Words: 1)
embassy workers are expected to entertain him according to his whim , frequently with their savings for the children's college tuition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brain examined for thrombosis , clot or hemorrhage . (Filtered Words: 0)
If economic integration really shapes congregational life , then evangelism should be a process of extending economic integration . (Filtered Words: 0)
you may have the final and extreme unction but if you are not born again you are lost and headed for hell and eternal punishment . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , getting no sympathy for her misfortune , soon rallies and finds that although she has lost a lover she has gained her freedom . (Filtered Words: 1)
If we are born of God we overcome the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
With U.S. Coast Guard cooperation , the American Boat and Yacht Council was formed to develop recommended practices and standards for boats and their equipment with reference to safety . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tap these 3-48 for mounting the electrical contact later on . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , where else can the public see a wagon these days ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be profitable , I believe , to read these realistic humorists alongside [FILTERED]'s works , the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly , but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time , to [FILTERED]'s time . (Filtered Words: 2)
The primary decomposition theorem (Filtered Words: 0)
A man of vaulting ambition , with one eye on the mayorship of Los Angeles , nothing ever escaped him which might possibly lead to personal publicity . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't very funny . (Filtered Words: 0)
After it has reached terminal velocity , the time for the tape to travel a known distance is recorded . (Filtered Words: 0)
A recent example of this problem is the flying of six airplanes , on December 31 , 1960 , from the Newport Airpark in Middletown , to the North Central Airport in Smithfield . (Filtered Words: 0)
Changing his clothes , he put on his dark-blue flannel suit , and laid away the gray jacket with the feeling that he might be putting it aside for good . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of this he was known as [FILTERED] ( but , as with [FILTERED] and his nickname of Scarface , never in his presence ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` You have it , all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
A simplified version of the instrumentation for this procedure is shown in [FILTERED]. 2 . (Filtered Words: 1)
We do not favor one field over another : we think that all inquiry , all scholarly and artistic creation , is good -- provided only that it contributes to a sense and understanding of the true ends of life , as all first-rate scholarship and artistic creation does . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Billions of American dollars , not only from capital investors but also from the pockets of U.S. taxpayers '' , this author states , `` are being poured into South Africa to support a system dedicated to the oppression , the persecution , and the almost diabolical exploitation of 12 million people the color of whose skins happens not to be white '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) It is issued weekly throughout the college year . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All that junk '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Today Dogtown is the only deserted village in all New England that I know of . (Filtered Words: 0)
This sentence would have most of the characteristics of a question , but it has some of the characteristics of a statement because the questioner has conveyed the fact that he has no faith in his own timepiece or the one attached to his car . (Filtered Words: 0)
I shook him a little harder and made some noise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , interlobular air drifts may be all but nonexistent in the cow ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
-- I concur most heartily with today's letter on the futility of writing to Sen. [FILTERED] and Sen. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Paintings by Titian , Caravaggio , and Rubens are on display ( open 9:30 to 4:00 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also met [FILTERED] ( born [FILTERED] in Woburn , Mass. ) who was then serving the Elector of Bavaria , and the physicist Ritter ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
The man took two short steps backward then sat down heavily on the pavement . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll be here at ten-fifty-five '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
And there are some positive results , though the final findings will not be known for a long time -- and then further research can be formulated . (Filtered Words: 0)
These s-values are just the ordinary values of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
On November 22 , 1859 , the Providence Daily Journal stated that although [FILTERED]'s `` pluck '' and honest fanaticism must be admired , any honor paid to [FILTERED] would only induce other fanatics to imitate his actions . (Filtered Words: 2)
The windshield glass is shatterproof and Plexiglas is used in the cabin . (Filtered Words: 0)
The climate ranges from the steamily equatorial to the temperate . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be by bank loans , sale of notes or warrants , or by the somewhat casual method of issuance and registration of warrants . (Filtered Words: 0)
Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Read your daily newspaper ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Both are primarily concerned with the uses that can be made of the material that the collector has found . (Filtered Words: 0)
and we are now so fatigued in body and mind that feeling is , as we say , quite dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
the sweet and funny little dance about potato planting called `` Bul'ba '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
BAM is the unlikely name of a French recording company whose full label is [FILTERED] boite A Musique . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was , however , fortunate in his contact with Prof. [FILTERED] ( 1769-1842 ) , teacher of chemistry , who , in addition to his academic chair , was also proprietor of the `` Lion Pharmacy '' in Copenhagen where Oersted assisted him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her laugh was hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
The grammatical descriptions of all forms in the dictionary are recorded in a separate part of the dictionary file . (Filtered Words: 0)
A detailed study of this latter phenomenon was not attempted in this paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you think I might profitably study some of the history you do , perhaps two weeks behind you . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a thrill he felt no part in . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Right '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
An enormous sky of the most delicate blue arched overhead . (Filtered Words: 0)
The closed molding of flexible urethane foams has been a problem ever since the introduction of the material ( molding in open molds was more feasible ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] officiated , and the bride was given in marriage by her father . (Filtered Words: 1)
The big man with the whitened hair murmured something : his words sounded as if they were in the Manu tongue , which I recognized , having studied the dialect in my Anthropology 6 , class at the University of Chicago . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fine example of engineering in a primitive society . (Filtered Words: 0)
From my wife's experience and other sources , this seems to be rarely encountered in educated circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hangover in turn reminded him of his conversation with the weirdy , and he groaned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shortly before his nomination he had set forth his basic view about the problem of negotiations with the Soviet leader in these words : (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , `` I'm not talking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the [FILTERED] was designed as a group testing device , in this study it was individually administered by psychologically trained workers who established rapport and assisted the children in reading the items . (Filtered Words: 1)
Meltzer knew why I had come for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Balanced properly between optimism and practicality , the nondefeatist attitude of the shell people led them to extricate themselves , their ships and personnel , from bizarre situations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The meaning of this , as we shall see , is that he had no fund of visual memory-images of objects as objects ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They argue further ( and somewhat contradictorily ) that our knowledge and resources in preventive medicine would make it possible to control such an outbreak of disease . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gun knew it was Car 12 , the wagon , returned from delivering Ingleside's drunk-and-disorderlies to the City Jail . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , it could happen , and it may happen to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The murderer lifted his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's got this idea about drying out '' (Filtered Words: 0)
The cast : (Filtered Words: 0)
This effect can give rise to a blanket of micrometeorites around the Earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sure , [FILTERED] , it'll be all right . (Filtered Words: 1)
Be excited and don't identify yourself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The birth of the myth compensates for the death of the ideal . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I am afraid Mr. [FILTERED]'s meat and potatoes dish isn't well seasoned enough for local audiences . (Filtered Words: 1)
This results in a separate record being made , distinguishing these trades from the overall volume of trading . (Filtered Words: 0)
But once the strike trend hits hoosegows , there is no telling how far it may go . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leadership was experienced and skillful , and financial resources were significant . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least I had been unable to lay hold on the experience of conversion . (Filtered Words: 0)
they mix middle-class people with lower-class residents . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taxation of tangible movable property in Rhode Island has been generally of a `` hands off '' nature due possibly to several reasons : ( 1 ) local assessors , in the main , are not well paid and have inadequate office staffs , ( 2 ) the numerous categories of this component of personal property make locating extremely difficult , and ( 3 ) the inexperience of the majority of assessors in evaluating this type of property . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I ought to be asleep , too , but I felt like a snack . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who actually get there find that it isn't spooky at all but as brilliant as a tile in sunlight . (Filtered Words: 0)
I waited a few minutes and she sat up . (Filtered Words: 0)
This conference was held despite Stavropoulos' assurance to Adolf Berle , who was leaving the same day for Puerto Rico , that nothing would be done until his return on January 22 , except that the Secretary General would probably order the list destroyed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Source program format (Filtered Words: 0)
Super again elected (Filtered Words: 0)
Then it is marked on the inside where it comes in contact with the transom , frames , keelson and all the battens . (Filtered Words: 0)
the aromatic sassafras nut of South America ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a matter of respect for the Presidency . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can wait , of course , until you arrive in Europe before renting your car . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who's there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His artistic accomplishments guaranteed him entry into any social gathering . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw [FILTERED]'s bottle snatched from his hand , saw it go in a swirl of foam just behind the second car . (Filtered Words: 1)
at will , the voice of the auctioneer , the voices of the bidders , and finally the small boy who had been so interested in Mr. [FILTERED]'s hammock purchase . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Then it is a matter of pleasure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I will be expecting them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] knew her too well to find it impossible . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Keystone Broadcasting System's Negro network includes 360 affiliated stations , whose signals reach more than half the total U.S. Negro population . (Filtered Words: 0)
Doubtless it was inevitable that differences of opinion should arise about the methods for applying these policies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly she had been instructed `` not to say a word '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fox is all ingratiating smiles when he arrives from New Orleans , accompanied by one wharf rat . (Filtered Words: 0)
A painful stab hit him in the abdomen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Approved September 26 , 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Many believe -- and understandably -- that the great difference between the Constitution of the Southern Confederacy and the Federal Constitution was that the former recognized the right of each state to secede . (Filtered Words: 0)
We experience a vague uneasiness about events , a suspicion that our political and economic institutions , like the genie in the bottle , have escaped confinement and that we have lost the power to recall them . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any other man this reassurance to the electorate would have caused us a profound moral shock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whoever is born of God does not commit sin ( That is , he does not practice sin . (Filtered Words: 0)
The scientists , in and out of government , do not agree on some of the most vital points , at least publicly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't say what would cure him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The hoofmarks of cattle and the prints of bare feet in the mud or in the dust were as numerous as the traces of shod horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a short time the officer returned and [FILTERED] followed on his heels . (Filtered Words: 1)
But the Royal Motel in Shamrock was the only one that offered the comfort and security of a storm cellar . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] now attends the C. Melvin Sharpe Health School in the District . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] then moved [FILTERED] across with a line drive to left . (Filtered Words: 2)
But when tiny , 145-pound [FILTERED] of the Los Angeles Angels , who once caught three straight fly balls in center field because , as a teammate explained , `` the other team thought no one was out there '' , hits seven home runs in four months ( three more than his total in 1958 , 1959 , and 1960 ) , his achievement borders on the ridiculous . (Filtered Words: 1)
Green studs cost about $.65 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was at this point that Pike decided to capitalize on the bad feelings between the two men . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this latest addition to the Great Letters Series , under the general editorship of [FILTERED] , Miss [FILTERED] has made a selection which admirably displays the variety of [FILTERED]'s genius , not to mention the felicities of his style . (Filtered Words: 3)
He places the hands on either side of the head , keeping the chin down on the chest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , we can't have everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
And she replied , `` I was born in America , but I was conceived in Vienna '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the hero , a sterling and upright fellow , is a rich [FILTERED] senior , while two Yalies are cast as virtual rapists , I suppose I should disqualify myself from sitting in judgment on `` Where The Boys Are '' , but I shall do nothing of the sort . (Filtered Words: 1)
Don't forget the joys of a meal on the road . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many styles have perforations and an almost weightlessness achieved via unlined leathers . (Filtered Words: 0)
These areas comprise about half of the total area of rodent infestation on the National Forests . (Filtered Words: 0)
When she would do these things , he would turn blind for an instant and become sick at his stomach . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was freshly shaved , and if there had been any alcohol in him we could never have missed detecting some scent of it on the massive gusts of his laughter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question is `` How are you going to live with it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These arrangements would have been impossible if the business community was truly interested in the welfare of its employes . (Filtered Words: 0)
So did his friend , the young novelist [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
While many tokens point forward , the main achievements stand as a culmination of the simple patterns of the Dark ages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Authorities say that oldsters are a prime target . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Search as he might , he could find no place where the Bible spoke of a moment when [FILTERED] could have been alone with Jesus . (Filtered Words: 1)
Operating as a one man police force in fact if not in name , he is at once more independent and more dedicated than the police themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been , he wrote [FILTERED] at once , `` in the country '' , a euphemism for an experience that had not greatly changed him . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was incensed , of course . (Filtered Words: 1)
But it is not really only a conversation . (Filtered Words: 0)
I would have been negligent and a goddam lousy cop to boot , if I'd sat around this station all night when somebody got away with murder in my district . (Filtered Words: 0)
Backstage was tomblike by contrast . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the party of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , with 45 per cent of the vote , approaches the party of [FILTERED] , which won 36 per cent , the result would be a stiffening of the old resolve . (Filtered Words: 3)
As his disciples boast , even though his emphasis is elsewhere , [FILTERED] does show his awareness of the changing order of the South quite keenly , as can be proven by a quick recalling of his Sartoris and [FILTERED] families . (Filtered Words: 2)
Philosophy can prevent the working scientist from becoming slothful and self-content by noting the assumptions and level at which a hypothesis or theory is framed . (Filtered Words: 0)
With his club foot he might well be grateful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus we will have a society consisting of the planners or conditioners , and the controlled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Various methods of pulsing , scanning , and displaying these sound waves are used to detect submarines , map ocean floors , and even communicate under water . (Filtered Words: 0)
She always did before , and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wasn't sure there were such people anywhere in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was a slightly different matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
So somebody else knew what would happen to her father's money if she died . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we let them go , they won't stay away , they'll find men to ride with them and they'll be back . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Minuteman solid-fueled ICBM is planned to be operational about mid-1963 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A noticeable protrusion of the upper or lower jaw . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Stalag , Helion came to know and love his comrades , most of them plain folk , who , in their extremity , showed true courage and ran great risks to help each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same model car might be available in six or eight countries , yet not two countries will have the same rate either for the daily rate or rate per kilometer driven . (Filtered Words: 0)
It furnishes a means of destroying insects in stored grain products as well as certain parasitic organisms present in meats . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Cancer '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of their original objections about `` shells '' were overridden by the relief that these hideous ( to them ) bodies were mercifully concealed . (Filtered Words: 0)
As I have indicated above , I base this feeling on a belief that current weakness in the market for consumer durable goods may continue through the early months of the year , but will give way to a sufficiently strong recovery later on to bring the full-year figures close to those of 1960 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Of particular interest to the military services is the demonstration that roast pork , after radiosterilization , is superior in palatability to available canned pork products . (Filtered Words: 0)
The handwriting is on the wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Every last one of you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] tomb is obviously adequate for double occupancy , Moscow is a crowded city , and the creed of Communism deplores waste . (Filtered Words: 1)
I enjoyed my lessons '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A second assistant mopped with two sponges . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wizard who fashioned West Germany's astonishing industrial rebirth is the soul of free enterprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` More arrests , I fear '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
London , July 4 (Filtered Words: 0)
Her veil was caught to a pearl headdress , and she carried stephanotis and orchids . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was hoped that the facts concerning the characteristics and practices of the respondents would offer clues to the reasons why they took the positions and made the recommendations which they did . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Dr. [FILTERED] celebrated his 75th birthday at the Wilshire Country Club , guests came by chartered plane from all over the country . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Listen '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
We expect him to be noble , and to make us so -- yet he knows , and tries to tell us , how very humble man must be . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Even I can remember nothing but ruined cellars and tumbled pillars , and nobody has lived there in the memory of any living man . (Filtered Words: 0)
In [FILTERED]'s day -- and until this year -- the schedule was 154 games . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Drink your beer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And now , the woman , tired and trembling , came here to the DeKalb County cannery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jews . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place on rectangle of foil and pinch edges together tightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The quiescent level of centimeter wave-length solar radiation would increase the average disk brightness temperature by less than 1-degree . (Filtered Words: 0)
Getting elected president of the student body took a lot of time and politicking . (Filtered Words: 0)
They poured water over their catcher's face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pretty girls among them , with blonde hair and pert faces . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
This terminology will also be applied to the corresponding points in the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Disagreement on the amount of productivity increase exacerbates the problem of agreeing how an increase in profit margins related to a productivity increase should be shared . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had taught classes in botany , astronomy ( with the aid of a telescope ) , geometry , and psychology . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consultant , Advanced Development (Filtered Words: 0)
Out . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one could dislike them , I thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the child raises his seat into the air , the teacher takes hold under both sides of the pelvis ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Ninety-nine times out of a hundred the motel manager doesn't check the license number on the plates against the license number the tenant writes out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , the [FILTERED] assented . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the process , his native endowments were stretched , strengthened and disciplined to serve their human purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside , his brother [FILTERED] was waiting for him -- he had come to say good-bye . (Filtered Words: 1)
As [FILTERED] accepted his silver bowl , he said , `` I want to thank coach's wife for talking him into letting me play '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
( For details see inset , fig. 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the government was probably prepared for elections by mid-1958 , the first decision was no doubt made more difficult as party strife multiplied . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is determined to make this dive . (Filtered Words: 1)
But those among the Bourbons who remain unreconstructed go much further than this . (Filtered Words: 0)
His English friends , it said , had gone into training to keep up with him vocally and with his `` allegro movements around the luncheon table '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Corrections were applied for modulation broadening , apparatus background , and field shift . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , there are a number of individual-contributor positions in both operating departments and in the company-wide `` services '' operation that are filled by men with successful managerial experience who are currently broadening their capabilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
his end is ridiculous and trivial . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the second-order theory , one of the normal stress differences can be calculated from the first-order stress relaxation function . (Filtered Words: 0)
Give each new member a certificate of membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Many minute hemorrhages in the lungs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All are well written and are overwritten . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suez ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
a pesticides co-ordination act ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , Montgomery has stated courageously and wisely the crisis of the Western world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Armed with the [FILTERED] opinion , the Senate liberals rounded up their slim majority and prepared to choke off debate on the filibuster battle this week . (Filtered Words: 1)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
What the moments reveal (Filtered Words: 0)
The only extended view possible to anyone less tall than the fences was that obtained from an upper bough of the apple tree . (Filtered Words: 0)
This theory eventually proved inexact . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do something '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It was unlikely that any girl as sharp as [FILTERED] would believe it without proof . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Now listen to me , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was in good health and spirits , but still determined to get the money from Forbes . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , you see , those who are not mentioned will not resent it . (Filtered Words: 0)
structurally , the U.N. is still fluid , vulnerable to the pressures that its new and enlarged membership are bringing to bear upon it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first thing to do is get her some money by a temporary but definite adjustment pending a final disposition of the case . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the eastern section of the state the newspapers' reaction to [FILTERED]'s trial and sentence were basically identical . (Filtered Words: 1)
Legislators always get restless for a special session ( whether for the companionship or the $22.50 per diem is not certain ) and if they start agitating . (Filtered Words: 0)
Du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware were to be enjoined from acquiring stock in or exercising control over General Motors ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] would have had no reason to disbelieve him and he could have approached close enough to her to swing before she could cry out . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] timed it so that they rode in an hour after nightfall . (Filtered Words: 1)
The colonel crouched tensely on one of the folding chairs , methodically tearing at his thumbnail . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all the paintings , however , are of cities . (Filtered Words: 0)
From 1613 on , if the lists exist , they contain between twenty to thirty names . (Filtered Words: 0)
They will help provide the skilled manpower necessary to carry out the development projects planned by the host governments , acting at a working level and serving at great personal sacrifice . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than 1,000 were said to have been arrested -- 100 of them Roman Catholic priests . (Filtered Words: 0)
The National Lumber Manufacturers Association , Washington , D. C. , is developing plans to utilize specially treated lumber for underground shelter construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had hobbled downstairs into the parlor , in his agony , and was sitting , wrapped in his bathrobe , on a footstool . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] cracked the first of his two doubles against [FILTERED] to open the Bear's attack . (Filtered Words: 2)
) From the technical standpoint , records differ from live music to the degree that they fail to convey the true color , texture , complexity , range , intensity , pulse , and pitch of the original . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was established in a couple of buildings in the shopping district , with only a few professors , but all eminent men , and a few hundred eager students housed in nearby dwellings . (Filtered Words: 0)
A bullet smashed directly into the center of [FILTERED] chest . (Filtered Words: 1)
She knew what people were thinking ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When the frequency response characteristics of practical components are considered , their effect on stability does not present the most serious limit on the system loop gain . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the present it is enough to note that in the grotesque figure of Jacoby , at the moment of his collapse , all these elements come together in prophetic parody . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of a missile's ballistic trajectory , the location of a fixed target must be known quite accurately . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is difficult to tabulate exactly what was meant in each individual situation , but the conclusion may be drawn that 21 towns do not assess movable personal property , and of the remainder only certain types are valued for tax purposes . (Filtered Words: 0)
if [FILTERED] sat long enough , she would be sure to see all the young officers she had met in San Diego and Long Beach . (Filtered Words: 1)
Afraid at one and the same time that his work might be turned down -- which would be a blow to his pride even though no one knew he was the author -- and that the work would be accepted , and then that his violent feelings in the matter would certainly betray how deeply concerned he was in spite of himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wadded his sweat shirt into a ball and stripped down to his swimming trunks . (Filtered Words: 0)
There would be no conceivable sense in going to the opposite extreme of selecting items whose forms are the most unstable . (Filtered Words: 0)
By late afternoon the train inched into the marshaling yards in the railhead at Lublin , which was filled with lines of cars poised to pour the tools of war to the Russian front . (Filtered Words: 0)
during long weeks the plan for his flight was rehearsed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
But since railroading and mining are not the highest paid arts , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] concentrate on baseball . (Filtered Words: 2)
But whereas civilized men no longer pursue the fountain , they never abandoned their pursuit of the enchanting index . (Filtered Words: 0)
Family Service , sharing in UGF , has five agencies in the Washington area . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , 20 , of 19 Fletcher Ave. , [FILTERED] , was admitted to [FILTERED] shortly before 11:30 a.m. yesterday after a hunting accident in which a shotgun he was carrying discharged against his heel . (Filtered Words: 3)
The wheel of social life spun around the royal or aristocratic centre . (Filtered Words: 0)
Krim was able to get an advance for a novel , and time and opportunity to write at Yaddo , but it was no good . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the coming fiscal year additional quantities of Atlas , Titan , and Polaris missiles also will be procured . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he's going to the St. Louis convention as a delegate we ought to know it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then why not the juicy booking [FILTERED] had held for us ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
He assembled quantities of facts about the nature of American politics in general , as well as about the day-to-day course of the closest Presidential election in American history . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I was out in the district , sir '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
From many sides come remarks that Protestant churches are badly attended and the large medieval cathedrals look all but empty during services . (Filtered Words: 0)
Criticality : (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether in his forthcoming book [FILTERED] commits the errors of judgment and of fact with which your heavily autobiographical critic charged him is important . (Filtered Words: 1)
The provisions are also designed to avoid disruption in State programs already in operation , which might otherwise result from the allotment of funds on the basis of wealth and population alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
They like it and would supply most of the capital because of the long term leases by strong oil companies . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That wasn't nothing at all '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] had reached his majority at eighteen ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
It was still a very big world , despite all the modern cant to the contrary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Samples : He walked in upon her invitation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The way his red rubber lips were stretched across his pearly little teeth I thought he was only having a little joke , but , no , he wanted me to bend down from the roar of wind so he could roar something into my ear . (Filtered Words: 0)
This country has not used them , and I hope that we never will be compelled to use them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine yelled and flung the hand away . (Filtered Words: 0)
to West Point , N.Y. , the famous military academy in a beautiful setting on the Hudson River . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thesis refuted (Filtered Words: 0)
The shot reverberated in diminishing whiplashes of sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a complete synonymy at the beginning of each species description . (Filtered Words: 0)
We followed him up the stairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was not a rear-looking conservative , yet partisans of that persuasion will miss him as much as any . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experimentally , we expect independence when the trials have nothing to do with one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
He revealed the potential value of the `` cut '' as the basic technique in the art of the film . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was not quite six o'clock when we finished and [FILTERED] said , `` Well , I guess that's it . (Filtered Words: 1)
The man was leaning against the rock . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , her voice rising . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) The conjugates as well as the intermediate sera were absorbed for 30 minutes with 20 - 50 mg of proteins extracted from healthy sweet clover stems . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not deny God ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In distal regions its diameter would be one-fourth to one-fifth that of the pulmonary artery . (Filtered Words: 0)
He succeeded almost too well , because once she rose as if to charge , and he half wheeled his horse -- he was within fifty feet -- but she sank back . (Filtered Words: 0)
These oils develop hard , smooth films when they dry and form resinlike substances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Demons , fairies , angels , and a host of other spiritual beings were as much a part of the experiential world of western man as were rocks and trees and stars . (Filtered Words: 0)
What was omitted from `` A Neglected Education '' were those essentials known as `` the facts of life '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bullshit '' , he said softly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The precipitate was washed twice with an 80% saturated solution of Af , dissolved in a small quantity of 0.1 M neutral phosphate buffer , dialyzed against cold distilled water till free from ammonium ions , and lyophilized using liquid nitrogen . (Filtered Words: 0)
To what extent and in what ways did Christianity affect the United States of America in the nineteenth century ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
she must be poised and proud and unafraid in order to prove to the mountain that she was in earnest . (Filtered Words: 0)
In People vs. Fisher , Justice Savage of the New York Supreme Court declared : (Filtered Words: 0)
He put the bottle down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Divided almost equally into two parts , it consisted of `` The Evolution Of The Blues '' , narrated by [FILTERED] , who had presented it last year at the Monterey , Calif. , Jazz Festival , and an hour-long session of Maynard Ferguson and his orchestra , a blasting big band . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is far from acknowledging or recognizing those efforts as an accomplished fact . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] followed her around the room , collecting the small frail objects ( Christmas , birthday , and anniversary ) and wrapping them in tissue paper . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] is in line for a big raise . (Filtered Words: 1)
For all he saw or cared to see , this could have been a town in Italy , not the outskirts of Philadelphia . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm allergic to Tahoe '' , [FILTERED] explained . (Filtered Words: 1)
Study the topography of the suite . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I had a drink with the Flannagans '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hustle '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In one-shot , the isocyanate , polyester or polyether resin , catalyst , and other additives are mixed directly and a foam is produced immediately . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inspector knew as he left that this was wishful thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has thrived on all he has gone through and looks the makings of a good little race horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
for example , those regarding material objects and pragmatic ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
He died before he could completely pay off his debts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The accuracy was deplorable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The feeling subsided , it was only a small yearning . (Filtered Words: 0)
in the second place , it doesn't look authentic ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The radiation doses required for the preservation of foods are in the following ranges : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wouldn't even dance with her at Gavin's party . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , you say , those are beautiful words all right , but it was easy for the psalmist to sing them in his day . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Spencer , if there is guilt , if you do not deny your own , how is it possible for Cromwell to be innocent ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You beauty , I said , I couldn't kill you . (Filtered Words: 0)
They look as if they had been sculptured with an unsharpened chisel . (Filtered Words: 0)
We should think of it more as an act of justice than compassion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
New Product Introduction For Small Business Owners , 30 cents ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What do you want to do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps a street musician will pass to add that extra touch . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a strike continues , these parties increase their pressure on the industry to reach an agreement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The internal losses are due to absorption and the small but finite losses suffered in the numerous internal reflections due to deviations from the prescribed , cylindrical fiber cross-section and minute imperfections of the core-jacket interface . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five of the tests were conducted with a polyethylene cover to simulate an ice cover . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indirect indications of micrometeorite flux (Filtered Words: 0)
At the scene he has just as clearly shown his military strength in unprovocative but ready position . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most beakers are graduated in cubic centimeters ( cc. ) , making it necessary to convert the result to cubic inches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Palmer had started the round four strokes behind Player , and at one point in the afternoon had trailed by as many as six strokes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their effects are only superficially startling . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked around . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said that she must be assured that `` that other woman , [FILTERED] , will not be in luxury while I am scraping along '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Two friends were talking . (Filtered Words: 0)
The anchor cable would have been lost overboard , but Philip Staffe was on hand to sever it with his axe . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if we closed the store for a vacation , we would lose our customers to the chain stores in the next block . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout the nineteenth century Christianity exerted its influence on American society as a whole primarily through the Protestantism of the older stock . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We want to find out who knew about it '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ezra [FILTERED] , an honorable representative of the sanhedrin , addressed himself frankly to the issue in 1845 , insisting that Parker should not be persecuted or calumniated and that in this republic no power to restrain him by force could exist . (Filtered Words: 1)
The dance , dancers and dance enthusiasts ( 8,500 of them ) had a much better time of it at Lewisohn Stadium on Saturday night than all had had two nights earlier , when [FILTERED] presented the first of two dance programs . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the afternoon Nadine and Wally came over with Francie . (Filtered Words: 0)
Warmly . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a somewhat unusual thing for a reporter to have a contract in those days before the epidemic of syndicated columnists . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Vice President said with a slight bluster , `` There isn't anyone who loves the President more than I do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the religious impulse , whether theistic or humanistic , men have joy in living ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is this conclusion that we challenge ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Top scientists have warned that an area hit by an atomic missile of massive power would be engulfed in a suffocating fire storm which would persist for a long time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still later , he finally convinced himself that it was an accident -- just a coincidence . (Filtered Words: 0)
An important recent trend is the development of area vocational schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
When you hold the spirit of a thing , then somehow you know the truth -- you know a fake antique from the real thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] killer acted this way , catching up with him was going to be a cinch . (Filtered Words: 1)
each shrub glazed with good health . (Filtered Words: 0)
It rests the tissues '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This buffer , pH 8.6 , was 0.005 M in Af and 0.039 M in tris(hydroxymethyl)-aminometha ( Tris ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet , in spite of this , intensive study of the taped interviews by teams of psychotherapists and linguists laid bare the surprising fact that , in the first five minutes of an initial interview , the patient often reveals as many as a dozen times just what's wrong with him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They are laid a minimum of 24'' '' deep and in some areas four feet down , particularly under roads , to stay clear of all other piping such as water and sewers and to minimize shocks from heavy trucking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like , for example , a man carrying a twenty-two rifle , probably with a telescopic sight attached ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There were three major administrative tasks : the fixing of electoral districts , the registration of voters and the registration of candidates . (Filtered Words: 0)
In an earlier case , Kingan & Co. v. United States , an American corporation was formed for the purpose of acquiring the stock of a British corporation in exchange for its own stock and then liquidating the British corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ordered the driver to back up , watched the children safely across and was approaching the car when it suddenly `` took off at high speed '' , he said , narrowly missing him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Elements , alloys , inorganic and organic compounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've drawn his fangs '' , he snapped . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a small bomb , I tuck it between Cadillacs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The paintings , drawings , prints , and illustrations all reflect the manners , costumes , and mores of America in the first half of the present century . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was nobody's fault . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moon-faced Ludwig Erhart , the economic expert , probably will ascend to the leadership long denied him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , if this club is going to move from second to first in the American League , it will have to show improvement someplace . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sympathized with them on the loss of their old pastor . (Filtered Words: 0)
And there is something so wonderfully romantic about it all . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is equipped with electronic controls that can be set to hold precise tension and speed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Keep your eyes open , sonny '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , he rejects the contemporary accounts of Englishmen , casually adjudging them to be distorted by prejudice because `` the opinions of Englishmen are of no great value '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nine of them had gone down the gangplank already . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strange , but true -- authenticity and realism often aren't related at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Texans made themselves a comforting break on the opening kickoff when Denver's [FILTERED] was jarred loose from the ball when [FILTERED] , the speedy halfback , hit him and Guard [FILTERED] claimed it for Dallas . (Filtered Words: 3)
The sun , blazing hot as prophesied , was far from kind to Mrs. [FILTERED]'s varicolored properties . (Filtered Words: 1)
The flow rate remained relatively constant during the winter months as shown in Table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
thus Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this view , supported by only three members of the Court , a power denied by the specific provisions of Article 3 , was granted by the generality of Article 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the facts about our Advisory Board and its members' duties are only one of several sets of facts about the quest for advice , both reliable and imaginative , on which to base our selections of Fellows . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did I want a beer ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Shall we take them all with us , or leave one '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They would like to convey the notion something is being done , even though it is something they know to be ineffectual . (Filtered Words: 0)
He rejects certain plots because they do not contribute to that end . (Filtered Words: 0)
At no time did I attempt to seek approval or commendation for the members of the Chicago board of election commissioners for the discharge of their duties . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found the pan where he had dropped it and carried it back down to the stream . (Filtered Words: 0)
I put a little scoop of pulverized phosphate rock or steamed bone meal into each hole with the plant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon they all were removed to Central Laboratory School where their delicate transformation began . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theresa shifted to a new page . (Filtered Words: 0)
There you'll witness a view which includes the Adirondack Mts. and the Winooski River . (Filtered Words: 0)
This had a pleasant effect upon the Sunday gate receipts as well as upon the intake of the rail and bus companies , some of which began to offer special excursion rates , including seats at the park , just as the trolley and ferry companies had when baseball was new . (Filtered Words: 0)
And as the Pilgrims bowed their heads in humble gratitude , they shared another feeling -- the anticipation of what the future held for them and their posterity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The departure of the Giants and the [FILTERED] to California left New York with only the Yankees . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` [FILTERED] , look over there '' , Nogol said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hughes supported Gov. [FILTERED]'s `` Green Acres '' plan for saving large tracts of open land from the onrush of urban development . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Maybe at dinner time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fourth time in harness he walked off like a gentleman . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was a bull of a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
What actually occurred in the past is seldom as important as what a given generation feels must have occurred . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] did the mound chores for the club down from West Palm Beach to play the game before 767 paying customers in Miami Stadium . (Filtered Words: 3)
Abruptly he reached into his pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
( D ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He could see in almost total darkness . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
In this test a Af tape was pulled between the blocks with a motor and pulley at a rate of Af with a clearance of 0.002'' '' on each side of the tape . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each of us had his own specialty besides . (Filtered Words: 0)
The miracle of democratic America comes home to one most strongly only when one has seen the endless Great Plains of the Midwest ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What do you '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe he only intended to scare the blackmailer , whoever he was , in which case an unloaded gun would be good enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ship halted . (Filtered Words: 0)
For there is also the `` face of reality '' in the form of the individual's perceptions of his own abilities and interests , of the objective possibilities open to him , of the familial and other social pressures to which he is exposed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can I make you one '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , the consequence of the policy proposed is everywhere subtly qualified : it is `` a possible result , however improbable '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( He always smiles -- at least at visitors , I gather . (Filtered Words: 0)
When confronted with a drunk or an insane person I have no notion of what any one of them might do to me or to himself or to others . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] , wake up '' , he said shaking her . (Filtered Words: 1)
First thing I knew he was in the kitchenette cooking up the breakfast and I was handing [FILTERED] her coffeecup and she was lying there handsome as a queen among her courtiers . (Filtered Words: 1)
The two were separated from each other by the Six Bagatelles of Op. 126 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This glass is probably formed from [FILTERED] sands by comet or stony-meteorite impact . (Filtered Words: 1)
I took him by the shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Print it in real big letters , an' I can cipher it out later '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked , turning suddenly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was standing there , he thought , in Virginia , in the thickening dusk , in a costly greatcoat that had belonged to another Jew . (Filtered Words: 0)
Houses of settlers who'd treated the company herds as a natural resource , free for the taking , were sitting empty , with weeds growing high in their yards . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I arrived in the United States with the idea of establishing myself there more or less permanently and finding inspiration for new compositions '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the beginning of commercial recording , new discs purported to be indistinguishable from The Real Thing have regularly been put in circulation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's president of the rocket club here , you know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence the natural setting of tragedy is the palace gate , the public square , or the court chamber . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , there are notably frequent instances of deja vue , in which our recognition of an entirely novel event is a feeling of having lived through it before , a feeling which , though vague , withstands the verbal barrage from the most impressive corps of psychologists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Copernicus' achievement was to have invented systematic astronomy . (Filtered Words: 0)
These dosages could have been increased by increasing the source strength which was small in this case . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing like the old days in the army , but I get by . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it was , his vision blurred and for a moment he was unable to move . (Filtered Words: 0)
How far and in what fashion did it modify the new nation which was emerging in the midst of the forces shaping the revolutionary age ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Ultimately the development will comprise 300 units , in two-story and three-story structures . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a pitcher , said . (Filtered Words: 1)
He looked up and down the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Deep Peep Show '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Work to do '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next day , Sunday , the hangover reminded Haney where he had been the night before . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had come from airports in the Balkans , these hundred-odd Junkers 88's . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You shut up ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If asked how she gets her impressions , she probably can only say that she `` just gets them '' -- some more vividly than others . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How's your luck , honey '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
British traders from South Carolina incited the Indians against the French , and there developed French and British Factions in the tribe . (Filtered Words: 0)
The entrance and retention of infectious particles in the alveoli amounts almost to an intratissue inoculation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was probably man's first successful flight in a missile . (Filtered Words: 0)
sales and production of home sets were about equal at 10.4 million units . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the car , with [FILTERED]'s hands waving wildly from the rear window , disappeared down the driveway , [FILTERED] stood looking after its pale dust . (Filtered Words: 2)
He shouted . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is no positive and consistently demonstrable relationship in the strictest sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Colors of cattle came in for their special names . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was beginning to feel woolly . (Filtered Words: 0)
, the patient replied , `` Both , [FILTERED] -- two in one '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In fact , nobody saw us , cop or citizen . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You need a linguist '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 2)
She read [FILTERED]'s Dark Ages , `` which I enjoyed very much '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
She it was who had looked to see if I was wearing shoes upon learning that I couldn't drive . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is well liked by the children and faculty . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , passed your road block as I drove in '' , I said , sitting on his polished desk . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked to see a copy of Mrs. [FILTERED]'s will . (Filtered Words: 1)
Another remedy was oil of eucalyptus , used as well for chilblains . (Filtered Words: 0)
My definition of this much abused adjective is that a reconstructed rebel is one who is glad that the North won the War . (Filtered Words: 0)
The editor , sports editor , and student business manager are chosen in December , the new staff assuming responsibility for the paper at the beginning of the second semester . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than half of the sorghum and barley seeds we produce and most of the byproducts of the milling of cereals and the crushing of oilseeds are fed to livestock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seven of the eight companies that turn out full lines of farm machinery say sales by their dealers since the start of August have shown gains averaging nearly 10% above last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
The text of the book leaves a somewhat milder impression than the prepublication excerpt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proof lack charged (Filtered Words: 0)
We can see others more clearly than we can see ourselves , and others can see us better than we see ourselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
A sport ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Each one of these is , by its nature , a focal point or a point of natural congestion . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] demanded . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] from the deep South who were plagued with diarrhoea after transfer to the Virginia front often informed their families that they were suffering from the `` the Virginia quickstep '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] gripped the lawman's other arm . (Filtered Words: 1)
Clearly not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , he can hardly avoid musing on the instability of death which , what with exhumations and rehabilitations , seems to match that of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are conscious of this state's new feeling of optimism and assurance and are definitely impressed by the number of new plants and construction projects in Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
My father , a wise man , asked him not to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everybody else was allowed to file off the plane after it touched down at El Paso at 4:18 a.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
They look as if they had been sculptured with an unsharpened chisel . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first slanting rays of the new day cannot yet dispel all the dark shadows which lie across the Aegean world ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When a man is laid to rest , he is entitled to stay put . (Filtered Words: 0)
This counteracted the gain from having no scrap loss . (Filtered Words: 0)
no strikingly effective element of speech in the extant poems can with assurance be said not to have been a commonplace in the vaster epic corpus that may have existed at the beginning of the first millennium before Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
Newcomers are [FILTERED] on piano , [FILTERED] , bass and trumpet , and [FILTERED] on drums . (Filtered Words: 3)
He was obsessed by disease and poverty , by the melancholy of old age and the tyranny of lust . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I been spotting a little now and then '' , she said quietly , no emotion in her voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when what is new in a particular context is also fairly obvious , there is normally only light stress or no stress at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He wiped his lips with a sleeve , then stared at Clayton in a childish kind of wonder . (Filtered Words: 0)
The local community maintains responsibility for the financial support of its own library program , facilities , and services , but wider resources and additional services become available through membership in a system . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] moved into it . (Filtered Words: 1)
There were a few blades of lint on the shoulder . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Riverside physician came down to look over the injured ballplayer . (Filtered Words: 0)
How grateful he was to such men ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Wemmick reveals his self-satisfaction by regularly rubbing his hands together . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked her if she would , and she said she would not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another memo for sightseers : bring your camera along to museums . (Filtered Words: 0)
Across the front of a yard and down the side , they were iron , either spiked along the top or arched in half circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
I myself hear it said constantly -- in drawing-rooms . (Filtered Words: 0)
What can they do if they find them '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` By fall they'll be back in school '' , I'd say , trying to sound encouraging . (Filtered Words: 0)
One , a reservation on the point I have just made , is the phenomenon of pseudo-thinking , pseudo-feeling , and pseudo-willing , which Fromm discussed in The Escape From Freedom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course I had to give her [FILTERED]'s address , but she never came near us . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was to be expected that Stanley would be shy , slow in taking such a momentous step . (Filtered Words: 0)
In working , always slip marker from one needle to another . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both elements -- the caution about a meeting , the willingness eventually to hold one -- were reflected in a letter from the President which Ambassador [FILTERED] brought back to Russia late in February . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is in your hands -- now . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went around the corner and parked , turning off his lights and motor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The figures range as high as 15 million families . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somehow , the pictures and stories of Soviet T-34 tanks on Cuban beaches and [FILTERED] jet fighters strafing rebel troops has brought home to all of us the stark , blunt truth of what it means to have a Russian military base 90 miles away from home . (Filtered Words: 1)
He's crazy about water skiing and swimming and this vigorous exercise in conjunction with the added food supplements packed pounds of solid muscle on his skinny frame . (Filtered Words: 0)
$70 by 1971 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For several months now , [FILTERED] , a big overgrown boy of fifteen with a fuzzy , pimpled face and greenish catlike eyes with a lot of red in them , had been haunted by a dream , a vision , of a Woman . (Filtered Words: 1)
Avant-garde choreographers , seeking new forms of continuity for their new vocabulary of movements , have turned to similar approaches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strong hands move first ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But contrary to Whitehead , philosophy is not a synonym for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It takes many forms , this prayer , but in essence it is always a request for guidance , for open minds and gentle hearts , for honesty and sincerity , for the wisdom and the insights that will help [FILTERED]' readers . (Filtered Words: 1)
Never once during the trying thirties did I come so close to succumbing to the private climate of opinion as to grant Russian communism even that most weasel-worded of encomiums `` an interesting experiment '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Trading was comparatively dull throughout the day . (Filtered Words: 0)
The extrapolation may be in error for several reasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some turnpikes have not been in full operation long enough to prove what they can do . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` One thing I notice which I have seldom heard mentioned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gear ratio -- speed relationships (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was his wife . (Filtered Words: 1)
He felt a little sick at his stomach . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , when he assumed the duties of a conductor , he relinquished his career as a pianist . (Filtered Words: 0)
I played on it my secret songs , unexplained , passionate and peaceful '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She turned and put her arms around his neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
The imposition of yet another pressure , a strong one , from the outside , might cause it to snap . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last year [FILTERED] arranged to sell $1,500,000 worth of Klees to the state of North Rhine-Westphalia , which will house them in a museum that is yet to be built . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] won't care your comin' , will she '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $4,500,000 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the frequencies are 1665.32 and 1667.36 Af , with an uncertainty of 0.10 Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
How this was accomplished may be described , since this sometimes is a crucial problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Told strictly from the viewpoint of the Russian conquerors , the film compassionately peers over the shoulders of a smitten Soviet couple , at both sides of the conflict's aftermath . (Filtered Words: 0)
This season the orchestra has already taken a step toward the suburbs in that it is giving six subscription concerts for the Orchestral Society of Westchester in the County Center in White Plains . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Faget case (Filtered Words: 0)
for another , it was here that one of the old caravan routes came in . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't the face of a killer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Examples where independence fails . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the ships are very slow now , and we don't get so many sailors any more '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , in desperation , he opened the refrigerator , filched her hand lotion , and left a note . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he began to speak about the tension in art between the mess and form . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was also used for sores . (Filtered Words: 0)
She can decrease the number of temptations . (Filtered Words: 0)
My head was clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Zeitgeist is not crazy as a loon or mad as a March hare ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All of these towns will require adjustments of both their fiscal and tax collection years . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not a social call . (Filtered Words: 0)
We made it back to the Harbor in less than four minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe I will grow another head . (Filtered Words: 0)
All polemic of ours should , I believe , be either very broad statements of contrast , or fine points treated singly , and as far as possible impersonally . (Filtered Words: 0)
The anode plug ( Figure 2 ) was inserted into a carbon anode holder . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're working up to something , and if you don't watch out you'll ruin your whole life one of these days just to prove that the [FILTERED] family is superior to everything , even a depression '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Christ sake , goat , git '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It made [FILTERED] wonder . (Filtered Words: 1)
By 1783 her legions had managed to annex the Crimea amid scenes of wanton cruelty and now , in this second combat with the Crescent , were aiming at suzerainty over all of the Black Sea's northern shoreline . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty said , `` Okay '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was courteous and casual about it , as though it were of no consequence . (Filtered Words: 0)
On this side of the Bay , Miami Beach cops had no more legal rights than any ordinary citizen , and [FILTERED]'s pistol permit was just as good as theirs . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We intend to attend the downtown theaters before the first of the year '' , the identically worded letters said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , the old Jeffersonians were far more atune to the [FILTERED]-oriented [FILTERED] than they were to the Jacksonian Democrats . (Filtered Words: 2)
Rapping the stick against the desk . (Filtered Words: 0)
for example , the organization of steamship conferences to set freight rates and the encouragement of railroads to seek mergers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The request for lower rates originated with the Southern railway , which has spent a good deal of time and money developing a 100-ton hopper car with which it says it can move grain at about half what it costs in the conventional , smaller car . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inner panels do not have to be weatherproof , and the choice will depend on the quality of finish desired . (Filtered Words: 0)
Six editions of [FILTERED] System appeared between 1837 and 1892 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fees are not the same and some states do not require certain craft , such as sailboats with no power , to be registered at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] humbly lowered his head , pushed aside the hardtack-box door of the hut , and was gone from sight . (Filtered Words: 1)
) Roll white clay to 3/16'' '' thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Secretion (Filtered Words: 0)
Blockade is one answer offered by experts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Standing then with the others , peering into the sun , he saw the bright , multicolored legion , their hair flying like dark banners , only the thunder , the roll of drums , the mad cacophony of the hoofs accompanying them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Negro composer [FILTERED] studied the American-Negro Suite and said of it , `` Of all the many songs written by white composers and employing what claims to be a Negroid idiom in both words and music , these six songs by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] easily stand far out above the rest . (Filtered Words: 3)
[FILTERED]'s [FILTERED] association brought him into contact with [FILTERED] , whose `` Snowball '' [FILTERED] relyriced as `` Lazybones '' , in which form it became a hit and marked the real beginning of [FILTERED]'s song-writing career . (Filtered Words: 4)
In his study [FILTERED] , Joseph Wood Krutch takes this line when he says that what [FILTERED] really means by his theory of catharsis is that our evil passions may be so purged by the dramatic ritual that it is `` less likely that we shall indulge them through our own acts '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
When they got to [FILTERED] , in Assam , he was happy . (Filtered Words: 1)
No . (Filtered Words: 0)
I will send you the best the quarter has to offer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` if it didn't prevail mankind would still be given the opportunity of prevailing '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He was very funny about the whole thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , whose story appeared here two issues ago ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We have no reason to fear failure , but we must be extraordinarily patient '' , the assistant secretary said . (Filtered Words: 0)
But theirs defied the detectors . (Filtered Words: 0)
While there are still many bugs to be ironed out , the technique is fast developing . (Filtered Words: 0)
After casting about for a way of describing this spirit , we decided that it would be better to use Mr. [FILTERED]'s introduction as an illustration . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Bobbie will take the job as his just reward and work hard at it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He never smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
to [FILTERED] , the sum of ten thousand dollars ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Don't let your mechanics pull the thermostats out of those fueloil delivery trucks or installation rigs of yours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , when Dartmouth's Winter Carnival -- widely recognized as the greatest , wildest , roaringest college weekend anywhere , any time -- was broadcast over a national television hookup , Prexy [FILTERED] appeared on the screen in rugged winter garb , topped off by a tam-o'-shanter which he confessed had been acquired from a Smith girl . (Filtered Words: 1)
They want to be fat cats , Pam thought , and lighted a cigarette and leaned back on a chaise and considered pulling her thoughts together . (Filtered Words: 0)
They need mulch . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not enough for man to be an ontological esse . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can I tell you a secret ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They vex us and perplex us but generally do not divide us like the issues which follow the problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each must match [FILTERED]'s `` pie '' with the fragment that he carries with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] is chairman of the men's committee that , among other jobs , takes over part of the responsibility for staffing the shop during its evening hours . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hours after a parade of his new Soviet tanks and artillery , Dictator [FILTERED] suddenly confronted the U.S. with a blunt and drastic demand : within 48 hours , the U.S. had to reduce its embassy and consulate staffs in Cuba to a total of eleven persons ( the embassy staff alone totaled 87 U.S. citizens , plus 120 Cuban employees ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
They know the value of being just that -- an ordinary , happy family . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was very rude . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two hundred and nineteen were received from 35 of our 50 United States and 11 came from foreign countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had taken her all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
The I. A. P. A. is a reflection of the problems and hopes of the hemisphere ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Note , too , that the [FILTERED] textile plan looks toward modernization or shrinkage of the U.S. textile industry . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rector was often curious ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mike kept walking and got within arm's reach before the man became suspicious and straightened from his lax slouch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rocco Vecchio -- a perspiring , haggard Vecchio -- was standing there , flanked by two men in the uniforms of armored transport guards . (Filtered Words: 0)
It must have hurt her even to walk , for the sole was completely off her left foot and [FILTERED] saw that it was bruised and bleeding . (Filtered Words: 1)
Totaling 3,399 , sales jumped 14 per cent over February's 2,963 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Start on rapid transit (Filtered Words: 0)
There are several closely related inner functions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe you are not that gifted either , but how about puttering around with the old paints ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Assuming the weather is halfway decent that day , hundreds of thousands of persons will mass along this thoroughfare as President [FILTERED] and retiring President [FILTERED] leave Capitol Hill following the oath-taking ceremonies and ride down this historic ceremonial route . (Filtered Words: 2)
However , the teacher can only go so far if the attitude of the community and the family is anti-intellectual . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were often carefully written out with a great deal of thought behind them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adam shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , additional research affiliations were effected with the U. S. Army Medical Research and Development Command to conduct research in procedures for quantitative electron microscopy , and for the study of biophysical and biological studies of the structure and function of ocular tissue . (Filtered Words: 0)
A vigorous program existed in skiing , skating sports and overnight hiking . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were not sufficiently challenging however , and she resigned in 1887 , to go to Germany with her brother [FILTERED] and his family while he was there on study . (Filtered Words: 1)
Orchestra , Band , and Choir have auditions during the week preceding the first day of classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
348 U. S. , at 412-413 . (Filtered Words: 0)
When you start the outdoor performance , you can stay outdoors without a dozen running trips into the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
These illiterate boors conscripted from villages all across the Czarina's empire had , [FILTERED] may have told [FILTERED] , just two things a commander could count on : physical fitness and personal courage . (Filtered Words: 2)
-- Surrounding pioneer pastors with vocational volunteers ( laymen , who will be urged to move into the area of new churches in the interest of lending their support to the new project ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
While the origin of state-owned automobiles may be obscured , subsequent developments concerning the assignment , use , and management of state automobiles can be related more clearly . (Filtered Words: 0)
) And then there were ecclesiastical matters , the matter of [FILTERED]'s anti-clericalism . (Filtered Words: 1)
Insurance (Filtered Words: 0)
The significant things in it , at the higher religious levels , are the inner emotional , mental , and spiritual occurrences that fill the pressing human needs of self-preservation , self-pacification , and self-completion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There isn't anything left to say , is there , Keith '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
when the insoluble fraction was suspended in a volume of saline equal to that of the original serum sample , no complete antibody activity could be detected . (Filtered Words: 0)
You could not stand on dignity when you were soaked and muddied and your life was at stake . (Filtered Words: 0)
The highest position is known as a ' research scientist . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the old nest , the queen will in the early fall cease to lay the fertilized eggs that will produce females . (Filtered Words: 0)
He caught her by an arm and helped her into the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
An old weakness for burrowing in records rose up to tempt him . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she was learning that so long as she was in this country , and wore civilian dress in the Club , there would always be transient young men who would approach her with broken English . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they are right , they will prevail of and by themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the notation of the proof of Theorem 12 , let us take a look at the special case in which the minimal polynomial for T is a product of first-degree polynomials , i.e. , the case in which each Af is of the form Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
They crawled through the north fence and came on toward him , and now he saw that both were young , not more than nineteen or twenty . (Filtered Words: 0)
I explained my state of mind to artist [FILTERED] and to `` Bugs '' Baer . (Filtered Words: 1)
Theirs is no mere lack of sympathy , but something closer to the passionate hatred that was directed against Fascism . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] office , Mrs. [FILTERED] hurried over to her family physician , who treated her for burned tissue . (Filtered Words: 2)
When the aid operations are reorganized the Peace Corps should remain a semi-autonomous , functional unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
The earth was a little heavy and I had to stop once and clean the plowshares because they were not scouring properly , and I did not look back towards the place until I had turned the corner and was plowing across the upper line of the large field , a long way from where I had stopped because of the snake . (Filtered Words: 0)
They felt rough and kind and warm . (Filtered Words: 0)
even to clean men and boys . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each switch occupies one digit position in a word , can be set on or off , and is considered as logically equivalent to an electronic switch . (Filtered Words: 0)
At Caltech , [FILTERED] has stuck close to his research as head of the school's famous biology division since 1946 . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] will arrive in December also . (Filtered Words: 1)
They had pistols in their hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could see their faces glistening with sweat and bear grease , their mouths open , shouting their spine-chilling cries . (Filtered Words: 0)
An interested sitter may think the sensitive has made a `` hit '' , describing something accurately for him , but can he really be sure that another sitter , hearing the same statement , would not apply it subjectively to his own circumstances ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
New car sales in Dallas County during March showed slight signs of recovering from the doldrums which have characterized sales this year . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had retained his hat and his horn , and , whatever fun might still be going , he was ready to join it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The event was so successful that the Interior Secretary plans to serve as impresario for similar ones from time to time , hoping thereby to add to the cultural enrichment of the Administration . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bullet went wide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Figure 3 shows the data on a silicone fluid , labeled 12,500 cps which gave a high positive normal pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] tries not to cheat the chance method ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` That'll be a pleasure to see '' , the big black murmured as he stared down the barrel of his rifle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Del Mar , Calif. , Feb. 3 (Filtered Words: 0)
The old established independent art schools try their best to fulfill their obligations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The British , although suffering considerable losses , noted the defection of the Marylanders , made a stand , then turned and attacked [FILTERED] who became greatly outnumbered and had to retire . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the hero of this work by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] is a chap embittered by more than the lack of beer during a jam session . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] , a graduate of Miss [FILTERED]'s school , stayed on in Florence as a career girl . (Filtered Words: 2)
She stayed too late , and when she left , it was dark and time to go home and cook supper for her husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
The driver admitted he was the Dresbachs' son and all three were taken to the Edgewater Station , police said . (Filtered Words: 0)
only seldom is it so simple as to be a matter of his obviously parroting some timeworn axiom , common to our culture , which he has evidently heard , over and over , from a parent until he experiences it as part of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
And just how far can the Legislature go toward setting up a self-insurance system for the state in the midst of a governor's race '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His immediate motive for doing this may not have been directly inspired by [FILTERED] , but this measure must inevitably have increased the existing beliefs in the latter's efficacy . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` They're not dessert ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The theatre was hot and they were drugged with boredom . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's quite minor , nothing to worry about . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her subject was large -- a copy of the Last Supper -- and her canvas , small -- the head of a tiny screw . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stiffened in anger . (Filtered Words: 1)
by minimizing the number of committees . (Filtered Words: 0)
The prospect of cutting back spending is an unpleasant one for any governor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even rock-steady [FILTERED] -- Hell , [FILTERED] was the worst ! ! (Filtered Words: 2)
Insurance (Filtered Words: 0)
He has served as a border patrolman and was in the Signal Corps of the U.S. Army . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't try anything violent , Stormy . (Filtered Words: 0)
To transmit that feeling he writes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] himself took two flights , with Todman leading the second , to patrol and look for targets of opportunities around [FILTERED] on the east coast of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
Below we use our earlier examples to describe and illustrate these four properties . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Frenchman was astonished . (Filtered Words: 0)
12 . (Filtered Words: 0)
By subduing disparate lesser groups the nation has , to some degree at least , broadened the capacity for individual liberty . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's go inside '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To be sure , Lanza made numerous concert tours , here and abroad , but these did not take him to New York where the carping critic might lurk . (Filtered Words: 0)
The internal energy of an ideal gas depends on temperature only and is independent of pressure or volume . (Filtered Words: 0)
Benington said , `` I've never seen a player have a game as great as [FILTERED] did against Bradley that day '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
they had nothing to give to each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
I touched it and the coolness , the ice-feeling , was gone , and even then it moved a little , perhaps a tiny spasm of the dead muscles , and I hoped that it was truly dead , so that I would not have to kill it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Third , it could threaten at all times , and destroy when possible , the enemy communications . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dinner is sponsored by organized labor and is scheduled for 7 p.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
One does not have to look for distress . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he had found all of the thickets and points of cover deserted . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he reached the dip in the woods , he saw that already the earlier ruts were barely discernible . (Filtered Words: 0)
and bright though they all were , they could not possibly compete for her interest with Papa , whose mind -- although he never tried to dazzle or patronize lesser lights with it -- naturally eclipsed theirs and made them seem to her even younger than they were . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] has less reason for missing . (Filtered Words: 1)
They had my mother's opinion of him : that he was too sharp or a little too good to be true . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lilly Banks and I became friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Senator [FILTERED]'s phrase , it was the most unheard-of thing ever heard of . (Filtered Words: 1)
I had had no wedding ceremony , no witnesses , no certificate of marriage , but I had all the joy that goes with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that I intentionally go unperceived , but the boulders up there are very high and I am a small woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
You arrive there in seersucker , and feel you were half-witted not to bring a mackintosh . (Filtered Words: 0)
Underlying concern (Filtered Words: 0)
Lemma 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
she must be poised and proud and unafraid in order to prove to the mountain that she was in earnest . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
The advantages of dilatation by the physician are both physical and psychological . (Filtered Words: 0)
She ended her letter with the assurance that she considered his friendship for her daughter and herself to be an honor , from which she could not part `` without still more pain '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Newspaper advertising was mainly concentrated in the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal ( Eastern and Midwestern editions ) which averaged two prominent ads per month , and to a lesser degree the New York Herald Tribune and , for the west coast , the Los Angeles Times and the Wall Street Journal ( Pacific Coast edition ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the next five years the leaders of the Fair Deal reluctantly backed down from the optimistic expectations of the New Deal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reaction conditions and analysis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Head Of [FILTERED] , (Filtered Words: 1)
In general , P is a function of V and the current density , but it shall here be assumed as a constant . (Filtered Words: 0)
approaching shore their masts appeared first . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] writes , for example , that `` in terms of probability it is surely as likely as not that mutual fear will lead to accidental war in the near future if the present situation continues . (Filtered Words: 1)
She hastily complied . (Filtered Words: 0)
they had chosen Catatonia because of its reputation for excellent schools , beaches , and abundance of names . (Filtered Words: 0)
The drama itself -- and this seems to be lavishly true of Biblical drama -- often has hardly any relationship with authenticity at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Right . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well I object . (Filtered Words: 0)
You shouldn't be up , should you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Thread matching yarn in tapestry needle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Motive ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Conchita wondered . (Filtered Words: 0)
It must be that son who sat before her now , shriveled to half his size and half his senses . (Filtered Words: 0)
To put it differently , state and federal courts have concurrent jurisdiction with respect to most claims of federal right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Put the 12 tappets and some Af locking bar spacers in the frame to help align all the components before you tighten the screws . (Filtered Words: 0)
This word was from the Spanish , meanin' `` polecat '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cells were washed three times with saline , anti-human serum was added , the cells were resuspended , and the mixture was centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 min and examined for agglutination . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some mediums speak in practical , down-to-earth terms , while others may stress the spiritual . (Filtered Words: 0)
It cannot be smoothed over by now cherishing his sarcasms as delightful bits of self-deprecation or by solemnly calling for a reconsideration of the justice of the objections to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Curtis poured over $1 million into it and in time it again became one of the most popular weeklies of the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , a tremendously destructive tsunami that arose in the Arabian Sea in 1945 has even revived the interest of geologists and archaeologists in the Biblical story of the Flood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us survey for a moment the development of modern thought -- turning our attention from the Reformation toward the revolutionary and romantic movements that follow and dwelling finally on more recent decades . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of the corridor Alec noticed a door marked : Fire Stairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Riverside dugout [FILTERED] , shortstop , whispered into [FILTERED]'s ear : `` There's gonna be a fight '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Accounts were garbled at the telegraph office when they sent old [FILTERED] down to Parkersburg for the news . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] sighed . (Filtered Words: 1)
If you hurry you might beat the headquarters boys '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As we have noted , however , we are abstracting from changes in all determinants of this level except for changes in the wage rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The president should find strong subordinates and delegate the widest discretion to them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` -- it says police right on the door '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Combine ingredients ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has won both of his starts . (Filtered Words: 1)
The fixed wooden scaffold was removed , and , so as to reach all the frieze , one of pipe , on wheels , built up from the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
You have heard him tell these young people that during his almost 50 years of service in the Congress he has seen the Kaisers and the Hitlers and the Mussolinis , the [FILTERED] and Stalins and [FILTERED] , come and go and that we are passing on to them the freest Nation that mankind has ever known . (Filtered Words: 2)
St. Johns , Mich. , April 19 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought a moment , then inquired , `` You mean petted '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was plain as the nose on your face that they're laughing about it , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
but the Commission does not share such sentiments . (Filtered Words: 0)
how can he be financed so that he can find the work he ought to do ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Haydn C. Covington argued the cause and filed a brief for petitioner . (Filtered Words: 0)
even the famed Indian Civil Service is not fully adequate to the tremendous range of tasks it has undertaken . (Filtered Words: 0)
Introduction (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] , `` imitation '' is twice removed from reality , being a poor copy of physical appearance , which in itself is a poor copy of ideal essence . (Filtered Words: 1)
He hurried across to the courthouse and caught the sheriff just as he was leaving . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , the records were dusty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sir -- People continue to inquire the reason for the race for outer space . (Filtered Words: 0)
She learns how to relax them to accept -- instead of contracting them to repel -- the entering object . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the allocation pattern worked out for these frequencies , the provision of long-range service has to some extent been subordinated to the other two objectives -- assignment of multiple facilities , and assignment of stations in as many communities as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Digby heaved a deep ethereal sigh . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) If earthquakes do occur at such depths , why not deeper ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They kept drifting apart and merging again in his mind like some minute form of life on a microscope slide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ontario's foliage is most vivid from about Sept. 23 to Oct. 10 , with both [FILTERED] ( 100 miles north of Toronto ) and [FILTERED] ( 125 miles northwest of Toronto ) holding color cavalcades starting Sept. 23 . (Filtered Words: 2)
Maude could have shot [FILTERED] -- if she'd had a reason to kill him . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was busy the rest of the day . (Filtered Words: 0)
The board approved and commended the use of birth-control devices as a part of Christian responsibility in family planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aligning all the teeth may take a year or more . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was two feet long . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had talked her `` boy friend '' into sending her to New York to take a screen test . (Filtered Words: 0)
SBA loans , which may be made to small manufacturers , small business pools , wholesalers , retailers , service establishments and other small businesses ( when financing is not otherwise available to them on reasonable terms ) , are to finance business construction , conversion , or expansion ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But by the tracing procedure , he could , in a strange obviously kinesthetic manner , find the unseen form ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I realize that this is hardly the time to say it , Penny '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
To this end , the first and longest section of the tract cites all the laws enacted since the Revolution to defend England against the `` Arbitrary Power of a Popish Prince '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To be checked out further . (Filtered Words: 0)
The air conditioning and ventilating systems of large buildings are subject to attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. Peter 23 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is , at times , just as suspicious of the poets themselves as he is of their work . (Filtered Words: 1)
It all went very well . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then , unexpectedly , Stanley made his announcement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sewer on Bonnet Street was constructed when there were only a few houses on the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't you think it's selfish to have dinner before you go to pick her up '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Aces ( ones ) with three dice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Distribution of virus antigen (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Got a new one in last night '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
No doubt Mrs. [FILTERED] had snubbed him many a time and he felt no grief over her passing . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` The smell permeates everything '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
During this period , a total of 762 exhibits were presented at 442 medical and scientific meetings . (Filtered Words: 0)
A teenage girl , [FILTERED] , is being sharply questioned by her minister uncle , the Reverend [FILTERED] , about a wild night affair in the woods in which she and some other girls had seemed to have had contact with these evil beings . (Filtered Words: 2)
Beowulf and the Homeric poems appear oral compositions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grumbled [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
It was too late to worry about that . (Filtered Words: 0)
The skyline , the bridges , Broadway , and the Staten Island ferry are only a few of the spots to put on your `` must '' list for New York City . (Filtered Words: 0)
You could wish that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Starting with small stations not members of the National Association of Broadcasters , the firm apparently is seeking to break down the anti-liquor barriers in major-market stations . (Filtered Words: 0)
however , several pertinent considerations deserve recognition . (Filtered Words: 0)
We found in Gonzales v. United States , supra , that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a registrant . (Filtered Words: 0)
A publicity release from Oregon Physicians Service , of which Harvey is president , quoted him as saying the welfare office move to Salem , instead of `` crippling '' the agency , had provided an avenue to correct administrative weaknesses , with the key being improved communications between F & A and the commission staff . (Filtered Words: 0)
He disdains external restrictions -- conventional syntax , traditional metre . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two strong dissents from the majority report of the Joint Economic Committee ( May 2 ) by Senators [FILTERED] and Butler allege that the New Deal fiscal policy of the Thirties did not work . (Filtered Words: 1)
The result was a collection of 280 songs , ballads , ditties , brought together from all regions of America , more than one hundred never before published : The American Songbag . (Filtered Words: 0)
even like shouting and crying out from the hilltops from which he could descend as an eagle in a mad caper from the cliffs . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the ancestor of all private eyes , was born during the 1890s . (Filtered Words: 1)
There were other farmhouses nearby . (Filtered Words: 0)
You've got to learn to live with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , it takes a little longer than it would on the outside where the family physician knows about the patient . (Filtered Words: 0)
They won't never git over inter loyal western Virginia , them traitors ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , N is inversely proportional to the radius cubed and in fair agreement with the inverse 7/2 power derived from 1958 Alpha and 1959 Eta data . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dartmouth is today still a small college -- and still a private one , thanks to [FILTERED]'s eloquence . (Filtered Words: 1)
But then I wasn't her social secretary '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Debate on the all-important foreign-aid bill , with its controversial long-range proposals , had just begun on the Senate floor at the weekend . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Always and always , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The second stage is to retain the nominal classification of `` neutralist '' , while in fact turning the country into an active advocate and adherent of Soviet policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of World War 2 , , free Europe was ready for a new beginning . (Filtered Words: 0)
To speak of Papa dying was a sin . (Filtered Words: 0)
But because the governor was determined that friendship should not influence him one way or the other , he looked for a printer with a knowledge of the law ( which [FILTERED] did not have ) , and awarded the contract to a lawyer named [FILTERED] who had started a newspaper in Helena the year before . (Filtered Words: 2)
He drove on , wary and shaken . (Filtered Words: 0)
As an example of this last facet , there were some lengthy discussions centered around bereavement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you measure its relation to reduced absenteeism , turnover , accidents , and grievances , and to improved quality and output ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Contributions to schools (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
would certainly deny any connection between the two things , or any connection of either with murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department of Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will , to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements , be available to advance the purposes of this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He wasn't in the car '' , Ramey said . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Solid '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
and he could tell , simply by the feel of it , whether it was made of wood , iron , cloth , rubber , and so on . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bullet had penetrated in the area of the right collarbone ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can he be trusted '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Helping retarded children (Filtered Words: 0)
But why need one reply to everything and everybody ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor could he call up memory-pictures of close friends or relatives . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you paying too much for your truck insurance ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Its thick , substantial outline calmed me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The earlier of them was an unofficial enterprise , sponsored by Life magazine , under the title of The National Purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This central episode consists of a series of staccato scenes set in the period from the beginning of the present century up to the first World War . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also dishes up 3,000 snacks . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , she wouldn't do that '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
His bright , daylight mind would whistle away such images ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As is the case with the surface-active agent , the requirements for builders to be used in detergent compositions for washing textiles are also high . (Filtered Words: 0)
They stayed with a rancher Friday night and by eleven o'clock Saturday morning passed the old [FILTERED] ranch . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Doppler effect , using ultrasonic signals , can be employed to measure the flow of blood without cutting into the blood vessel . (Filtered Words: 0)
His suggestion that the prestige colleges be made the training institutions for medical , law and graduate schools will run into strong opposition from these colleges themselves -- even though what he is recommending is already taking shape as a trend . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remaking an army to win (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Riverside dugout [FILTERED] , shortstop , whispered into [FILTERED]'s ear : `` There's gonna be a fight '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
In November 1900 surveying was done under [FILTERED] on the east mountains to ascertain if it would be possible to get sufficient water and fall to operate an electric power plant . (Filtered Words: 1)
Tilghman and his partner , [FILTERED] , herded the men into a corner . (Filtered Words: 1)
On November 4 , 1952 , an earthquake occurred under the sea off the Kamchatka Peninsula . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you run into excess plug fouling on one truck , check to be sure that the rig has a thermostat . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mere exploration of the unconscious ground of present-day sociology offers a rich vein of philosophical and logical investigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion at its best also offers the experience of spiritual fulfillment by inviting man into the highest realm of the spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remember that in seeking the modern in Utopia we do not deny the existence of the medieval and the Renaissance there ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They had all been laughing , joking , when suddenly the engine had failed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had sounded good to [FILTERED] , but he did not believe it . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is an organized system of these things . (Filtered Words: 0)
carcinoma of prostate ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm about to leave myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ripped down the cellophane carefully , and laid three dogs on the tin foil . (Filtered Words: 0)
His condition was said to be , `` fair '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fair-priced funeral (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic needs (Filtered Words: 0)
The wizard who fashioned West Germany's astonishing industrial rebirth is the soul of free enterprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was telephoning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or would you rather deal a hand of show-down poker or play a game of gin rummy , or what '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , for excellent psychological reasons , never fully reveals [FILTERED]'s felonious past , but [FILTERED] , at the convict's climactic reappearance in London , shrinks from clasping a hand which he fears `` might be stained with blood '' . (Filtered Words: 3)
For a number of years , there have been sporadic attempts in California to organize farm workers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bed was empty now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once [FILTERED] went along . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Why not '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The petition said that the couple has not lived together as man and wife for more than a year . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is that a compliment '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His hair had receded most of the way to the back of his neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
It consists of a series of pipes and a pressure-measuring chamber which record the rise and fall of the water surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had it all planned out , how she'd do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kodyke had appeared at the mine one day bearing a letter from Kruger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free `` government '' work in your plant ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The horse shied at the dreadful thing and flared its nostrils . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was , however , fortunate in his contact with Prof. [FILTERED] ( 1769-1842 ) , teacher of chemistry , who , in addition to his academic chair , was also proprietor of the `` Lion Pharmacy '' in Copenhagen where Oersted assisted him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yellow clay was used as a poultice for insect bites and also for swellings ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The proteins were extracted with 3 volumes of Af in Af to give a nearly neutral extract and precipitated by 80% saturation with Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unmarried soldiers carried on correspondence with sweethearts at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did he know something that made him feel sad and sorry for her ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He cleaned his shovel , left it against the fence , picked up his Winchester , and started downstream . (Filtered Words: 0)
Orlick slouches about the forge `` like Cain '' with `` his hands in his pockets '' , and when he shouts abuse at Mrs. [FILTERED] for objecting to his holiday , she claps her hands in a tantrum , beats them `` upon her bosom and upon her knees '' , and clenches them in her husband's hair . (Filtered Words: 1)
That's an order '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Figures 1 to 3 show photographic and schematic views of the test stand and of two different models of the anode holder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't forget , I am an old member of the club , a former delegate . (Filtered Words: 0)
When his head came down , [FILTERED] grabbed him by the hair and catapulted him head first into the wall . (Filtered Words: 1)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
But to the families it serves , their help cannot be measured . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here are several : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] in this paper is indicating his sympathy for such a plan . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is chairman . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ghost town ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] snatched a deep breath . (Filtered Words: 1)
For each i , let Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two of the clamps are fixed to the edges of the board whereas two clamps travel on guide rails opposite the fixed clamps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Protests from governors and intendants passed unheeded , and the parsimonious policy of the company probably let loose Indian insurrections that brought ruin to the company . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A Kroger's self-serve '' , he explained . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] looked remote yet lovely in black , and everyone held his or her breath . (Filtered Words: 1)
No , said he , but officials still called him `` evasive '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I did exactly as instructed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The orderly room seemed to be deserted . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are more obvious nymphomaniacs on any private-eye series . (Filtered Words: 0)
What Mr. [FILTERED] , in fact , wrote was : `` It is the Department's view that no anti-trust enforcement considerations justify any loss of revenue of this proportion '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Oh how they bounced ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic market for textiles is growing with the expansion of the population that began 20 years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly experience itself can be conventionalized so that people react to certain preconceived clues for behavior without awareness of the vitality of their experiential field . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's the way to talk . (Filtered Words: 0)
One might digress at this point and speculate that if it is `` wise '' to create special sections for special status , then why not a special section for women pregnant before marriage , and one for 44-year-old men with teenage children , and so on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Colonel [FILTERED] , impersonated , will again make his break-neck ride down the steep declivity of [FILTERED]'s ( now College ) Hill and thunder across the bridge to join Colonel [FILTERED] ( West ) Virginia Infantry , then swarming through the streets in pursuit of the retreating Confederates . (Filtered Words: 3)
Policies modified (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ask Whitey for a job '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Philadelphia distiller is currently breaching the customary prohibition against hard-liquor advertising on TV and radio . (Filtered Words: 0)
But why need one reply to everything and everybody ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She smelled of peppermints . (Filtered Words: 0)
In contrast are the vast open stretches of ranch country and oil wells . (Filtered Words: 0)
They curled around the cuff of his nightshirt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just let me go home to Jersey , back to the shore , oh , Jesus , the shore . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] snorted and then laughed aloud . (Filtered Words: 1)
We should not allow the image of an immanent end brought about indirectly by our own action in the continuing human struggle for a just endurable order of existence to blind us to the fact that in some measure accelerating the end of our lease may be one consequence among others of many other of mankind's thrusts toward we know not what future . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last year's volume was at the top a couple of inches below the ceiling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both you and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In this type of system , a high loop gain is desirable because it provides a fast response time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first superhighways -- New York's [FILTERED] and Chicago's Lake Shore , San Francisco's Bay Bridge and its approaches , a good slice of the Pennsylvania Turnpike -- were built as part of the federal works program which was going to cure the depression . (Filtered Words: 1)
The question of epidemic disease merits some discussion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is a member of the Institute of Radio Engineers , and is chairman of the Electronic Industries Association Committee on Printed and Modular Components . (Filtered Words: 1)
They would have to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something so incredible -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Dulles ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
An idea , let us say , may be roughly defined as a theme or topic with which our reflection may be concerned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Were any of us interested enough in the idea to do it for her , by proxy so to speak ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That was the day it ended . (Filtered Words: 0)
These microfossils indicate the swamp was `` formed during the Lower Cretaceous period when dinosaurs were at their heyday and when the first flowering plants were just appearing . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Now Af is a diagonalizable operator which is also nilpotent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us , like the French , have outdoor cafes where we may relax , converse at leisure and enjoy the passing crowd . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was also a lesson , one that has served ever since to keep Americans , in their conflicts with one another , from turning from the ballot to the bullet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make all four sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] begins with a discussion of the relativistic theories of the universe , based on the general theory of relativity . (Filtered Words: 1)
Lots of cheese made from June grass milk is served . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a mound of bleached human bones and skulls at the base of the big wooden derrick . (Filtered Words: 0)
His answer was simple but honest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once the soldiers from the barracks had to hold the ship from blowing away while [FILTERED] revved the engine and got the tail up . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Christ sake , goat , git '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It's the Pedersen kid . (Filtered Words: 0)
You ain't kidding me -- the kid don't know the name of this town '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Curtis [FILTERED] , 41 , of 1630 Lake Av. , [FILTERED] , was arrested yesterday on a suppressed federal warrant charging him with embezzling an undetermined amount of money from the First Federal Savings and Loan association , 1 [FILTERED] , where he formerly was employed as an attorney . (Filtered Words: 3)
The only precaution is that all volumes used in the formula be quoted in the same terms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two major types of fully distributed cost analysis (Filtered Words: 0)
Hub shook his head so [FILTERED] told him not to bother . (Filtered Words: 1)
Such ranchers as Coble and Clay and the [FILTERED] brothers carried him on their books as a cowhand even while he was receiving a much larger salary from parties unknown . (Filtered Words: 1)
Elaine turned and started toward the companionway . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her eyes opened as soon as she heard me , though , and once again , I felt an inward shiver . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take your time with your drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the next few days they had cause to rejoice . (Filtered Words: 0)
One might argue that the ultimate purpose of literary scholarship is to correct this spontaneous provincialism that is likely to obscure the horizons of the general public , of the newspaper critic , and of the creative artist himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The schoolboy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meltzer knew why I had come for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Total farm output for this year is officially forecast at 129% of the 1947-49 average , three points higher than the July 1 estimate and exactly equal to the final figure for 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He climbed back to the road , and he felt utterly exhausted . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was to him that Barton had sent [FILTERED] on Dill's release from the prison . (Filtered Words: 1)
he collaborated on a song with [FILTERED] , who was Secretary of the Treasury , 1932-33 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Prior to that he was associated with Long Island University in Brooklyn . (Filtered Words: 0)
They went along the pass talking with each other for a short while until they came to a river roaring with torrent . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , by starting the Peace Corps now we will be able to begin training young men and women for overseas duty this summer with the objective of placing them in overseas positions by late fall . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first thing he knew the words `` Garryowen '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
No , please -- no visit today -- I'll be asleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' -- [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Did he trouble to memorize the very small part which I had `` tailor-made '' to his specifications , a role eventually cut down to three short speeches ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Since two curves of symbol Af on Q intersect in Af points , it follows that there are Af lines of Af which are tangent to Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
The really remarkable thing to me is that most California natives unhesitatingly elect to slow down and permit the invading car free access . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of this goes on in offices high up in Wall Street's lofty wind-swept towers . (Filtered Words: 0)
While here , visit Theodore Roosevelt National Park for its spectacular scenery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Study the topography of the suite . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hell , in a year or five or ten , the boy will have forgotten me -- his own father '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I've been there a number of times . (Filtered Words: 0)
1/2 cup minced celery 1/4 cup minced onion 1/2 cup tomato ketchup 1/2 cup water 1/4 cup vinegar 2 tablespoons brown sugar 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1/2 teaspoon salt 8 frankfurters (Filtered Words: 0)
The low cost and ease of fabrication of the dies for three-dimensional foam cutting plus the wide variety of shapes , dimensions , and contours that can be tailor-made to customer requirements has made the technique useful for producing case liners , materials handling containers , packaging and cushioning devices , and such novelties as soap dishes , toys , head rests , arch supports , and gas pedal covers . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the time the fielder got his hands on the ball [FILTERED] was rounding third base and heading for home . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sources of information about children (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's have a drink and discuss a merger '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By means of geographical isolation and high fertility rates , inbreeding can be fostered and the pattern of isolation from the greater society maintained . (Filtered Words: 0)
perhaps it was just . (Filtered Words: 0)
The process of evaluation assigns varying positive and negative priorities or values to elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Glance at the list : [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , Proudhon , Thoreau , London , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , Mayo , [FILTERED] , Tannenbaum , Mumford , [FILTERED] , Huxley , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 8)
They attended school and selected courses primarily on the basis of decisions others made ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
National Maritime Day proclamation by [FILTERED] , Jr. , Governor (Filtered Words: 1)
The wound in his scalp was examined , pronounced healing , and well doctored with simples , before they dished up the victuals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly , he wrote that [FILTERED] had a `` too deliberate manner '' as well as a lack of `` inevitable felicity in diction '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In China , the magical system par excellence was Taoism . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it is surely clear that the first of these is the result of the way in which the individual's command of language interacts with the other two . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It depends on who does it . (Filtered Words: 0)
( The address of the information cell is also supplied by the table of dictionary usage . (Filtered Words: 0)
They bring their fishing rods and binoculars and bathing suits . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Are you sick '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Experimental and results (Filtered Words: 0)
He was proud that he had never worn a wig . (Filtered Words: 0)
At [FILTERED]'s direction , the city also intervened in the Hughes bankruptcy case in U. S. District Court in a move preliminary to filing a claim there . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each year , reports the American Medical Association , ten million Americans spend $900 million on vitamins , tonics and other food supplements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Using a steering system that controlled the modified rocket's tail surfaces and wings equipped with ailerons , Fiedler was to land the missile on a skid especially bolted under the fuselage . (Filtered Words: 0)
The moment the sea closed over Nick , some atavistic sense warned him that he would survive in this alien element only if he did not panic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lewis looked at him and began to cry , and then , saying that he was going to make a promise , he asked [FILTERED] to call the porter and to tell him to take out all the liquor that he did not want . (Filtered Words: 1)
Injury and ingratitude would occur . (Filtered Words: 0)
The arc voltage was measured with a voltmeter whose terminals were connected to the anode and cathode holders . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the year 2000 this means servicing ( A ) the protection requirements of a watershed producing at least 200 million acre-feet of water each year , ( B ) recreation and wildlife resources used each year by 635 million visitors , ( C ) a timber resource supporting an annual cut of 21 billion board feet , and ( D ) 60 million acres of rangelands . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is even some question whether the U.S. can any longer defend itself against an initiative by the Left . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stars constitute an order of existence different from what we encounter on earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore to Helva , the problem that she couldn't open her mouth to sing , among other restrictions , did not bother her . (Filtered Words: 0)
A great part of the time , [FILTERED]' infantry never knew the location of the enemy line . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Todman , let's try to go under this stuff . (Filtered Words: 0)
We should not allow the image of an immanent end brought about indirectly by our own action in the continuing human struggle for a just endurable order of existence to blind us to the fact that in some measure accelerating the end of our lease may be one consequence among others of many other of mankind's thrusts toward we know not what future . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simultaneously with the anode surface temperature and voltage measurements pyrometer readings were taken along the cylindrical surface of the carbon anode holder as indicated on figure 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll be back '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She might have been someone he had once loved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
Our current rate of incoming orders has now contracted and unless this trend can be reversed , our production for 1961 will be lower than for 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recently I was struck anew by the divergent approaches , when in the course of one afternoon and evening I listened to no fewer than ten different performances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us assume that Af is identical to the form of an occurrence Af which preceded Af in the text . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could also hear the stream which he had seen from his position . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were not , however , entirely unacquainted with the varying aspects of the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
One year I simply set the plants in the remains of a compost pile , to which a little sand had been added , and I had the most beautiful pansies in my , or any of my neighbors' experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty said , `` Okay '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A titre personnel and a special office was created in the Ministry of the Interior to plan and to conduct the elections . (Filtered Words: 0)
The women , keeping their voices low as they worked around the house or sat in the living room , sounded like chickens shut up in a coop for the night . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not tonight , at any rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- As an aid in reducing losses due to enterotoxemia ( overeating disease ) , feed a complete ration containing not less than 20 and not more than 50 grams of [FILTERED] per ton . (Filtered Words: 1)
The public . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dealing faro '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stopped flying into rages and started digesting her food ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Attitude flexible (Filtered Words: 0)
I do mean , however , that I take them for granted , and that everything I shall be saying would appear quite idiotic against any contrary assumptions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] affirms at one point that if he shared the anticipations of Orwell in Nineteen Eighty-Four , if he believed Communism was not only evil but `` also irredeemably evil '' , then he might `` think it right to do anything rather than to take the risk of a communist world . (Filtered Words: 1)
The benefits electronics can bring to bio-medicine may be greater by far than any previous medical discovery . (Filtered Words: 0)
This magnificent but greatly underestimated book , which bodies forth the very form and pressure of its time as no other comparable creation , has suffered severely from having been written about an historical event -- the Spanish Civil War -- that is still capable of fanning the smoldering fires of old political feuds . (Filtered Words: 0)
As capitalism in the 20th century has become increasingly dependent upon force and violence for its survival , the private detective is placed in a serious dilemma . (Filtered Words: 0)
Expressway answer : East River Drive (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned from [FILTERED] and took [FILTERED] in his arms . (Filtered Words: 3)
As his second in command The Prince had Marshal Repnin , one-time Ambassador to Poland . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eugene offered [FILTERED] his car , to use at any time he cared to , and when this offer was not accepted , the armchair creaked . (Filtered Words: 1)
I didn't like it one bit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Animals eat only from one side , so the fence-line bunk must be twice as long as the mechanical bunk . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most important is economic . (Filtered Words: 0)
What evidence is there of an objective kind that in fact your government proposes to do just that , and that it can be done '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Take the pistol . (Filtered Words: 0)
What we need is to get back to the group , to learning and apprenticeship , to the cafe and the school '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only way Fiedler could get back to earth alive was to fly the pulse jet missile and land it on the airstrip . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] were only a dozen yards away , charging the house . (Filtered Words: 1)
And he took heart ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the cocktail party . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had Faith Constable's explanation of her confidence , so uninvited , been a little thin ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Blockade , in the view of military and civilian experts , could restore teeth to the Monroe Doctrine . (Filtered Words: 0)
The agonies of nerves and itching of skin were phenomena which happened somewhere near him , but meant nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had not covered a hundred yards before a gun crashed from somewhere behind . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
Violet whinnied from the stable . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , there was no trace of Anglo-Saxons in Britain as early as the late third century , to which time the archaeological evidence for the erection of the Saxon Shore forts was beginning to point . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How like him '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He says : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
During the rinsing operation the volume in the tubs gradually increases until overflow from the main drain begins . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any other point of intersection between C and Af will be called a tangent point . (Filtered Words: 0)
He always feels lonely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their world , again , was a still simple , traditional age which was only slowly beginning to appreciate the complexity of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under [FILTERED]'s plan , an appointee would be selected by a board composed of the governor , lieutenant governor , speaker of the House , attorney general and chief justice of the Texas Supreme Court . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the King [FILTERED] one guest had had his head heavily bandaged , and another had a bandaged foot and had walked with crutches . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Dammit , [FILTERED] , are you trying to wreck my career ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
They were not sufficiently challenging however , and she resigned in 1887 , to go to Germany with her brother [FILTERED] and his family while he was there on study . (Filtered Words: 1)
Light reading : (Filtered Words: 0)
On the occasion of his 1922 indictment the $10,000 bond was furnished by an alderman , and the charge was nolle prossed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It lay with its head on its paws and only its eyes moving , watching us carefully . (Filtered Words: 0)
As his disciples boast , even though his emphasis is elsewhere , [FILTERED] does show his awareness of the changing order of the South quite keenly , as can be proven by a quick recalling of his Sartoris and [FILTERED] families . (Filtered Words: 2)
-- His substitutionary work on the cross (Filtered Words: 0)
`` (Filtered Words: 0)
If you hold property for the production of rents or royalties you subtract , in computing Adjusted Gross Income , ordinary and necessary expenses and certain other deductions attributable to the property . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather it is rooted in a difference of response to the threat of social disintegration . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , property `` used in the trade or business '' of a transferor corporation , as defined in section 1231 , presumably would not retain its special status following a non-taxable reorganization if it is not so used in the business of the acquiring corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plants (Filtered Words: 0)
He leaned closer to [FILTERED] , squinting up at him from the deck . (Filtered Words: 1)
Moreover , her central figures are so busily fulfilling their multitudinous assignments that none emerges as an arresting individual in his own right or as a provocative symbol of mankind's ills . (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't stop killing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hypothesis of there being an interaction between compulsivity and teaching method was supported , in this case , at the level . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is rather that introducing them into social analysis reflects not so much a search for truth as for certainty . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a good thing that she clung to her religion , he thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frog-marched off the airplane at 1:48 p.m. , the Beardens were held in bail of $100,000 each on charges of kidnapping and transporting a stolen plane across state lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
People think the dress in the picture was lengthened by an artist much later on . (Filtered Words: 0)
this moment are being bedazzled by half-digested ideas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Resolved that , while we most decidedly disapprove the methods he adopted to accomplish his objects , yet in his willingness to die in aid of the great cause of human freedom , we still recognize the qualities of a noble nature and the exercise of a spirit which true men have always admired and which history never fails to honor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both Red McIver and [FILTERED] lived nearby , almost as near as I do . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had no way of knowing in advance whether an opportunity for murder existed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The moment the alarm goes off , information is immediately forwarded to Honolulu , which is the center of the warning system . (Filtered Words: 0)
Criticality : (Filtered Words: 0)
At meter wave lengths an increase of the order of 10-degrees in the average disk temperatures of the nearer planets would be expected . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can't be underfoot every time those cops turn around ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Garth brought one out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ingredients are fed from tanks through a hose and into the mixer at a predetermined rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh sure ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Spencer shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
You don't belong in professional baseball '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dealing faro '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One is the primary purpose for which marriage exists , namely , the continuance of the race through the gift and heritage of children ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
organization : (Filtered Words: 0)
In this article we will concentrate on the advances in the application of electronics in bio-medical research laboratories because this is where tomorrow's commonplace equipment originates . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the dated poems we can venture certain conclusions about Hardy's career in poetry , always remembering that conclusions based on a fraction of the whole must remain tentative . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` At what university did you study '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasionally , the children find steamed , whole-wheat grains for cereal which they call `` buckshot '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That purpose has never changed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The undersecretary's in there . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was just another freighter from the States , and she seemed as commonplace as her name . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where do I go from here ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll be damned '' , Ekstrohm said . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think for example of three women's colleges with pitifully small enrollments , clustered within a few miles of a major Catholic university , which is also co-educational . (Filtered Words: 0)
No sooner were they through and the guards posted , than the whole camp turned in for a night of sound sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
If it were primarily a believing fellowship , it would recruit believers from all social and economic ranks , something which most congregations of the New Protestantism ( with a few notable exceptions ) have not been able to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
To date , at least , the strategy of the AWOC has been selective ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The parties were on the whole unprepared for elections , while the people were still experiencing post-independence let-down and suffering the after-effects of poor harvests in 1957 . (Filtered Words: 0)
and [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] of nineteenth century American letters . (Filtered Words: 2)
Reference to two other concepts -- nationalism and sovereignty -- may help to reveal the contours of the new principle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later in the century the dream again found expression in the lines of [FILTERED] ( 1859-1929 ) , daughter and granddaughter of New England Congregational ministers , in her widely sung hymn , written in 1893 , `` America The Beautiful '' , with the words `` O beautiful for pilgrim feet whose stern impassioned stress a thoroughfare for freedom beat across the wilderness . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had a round , frank Irish face , creased in a jovial grin that stayed bleakly in place even when he was pumping bullets into someone's body . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dictionary system is in no way dependent upon such summarization or designed around it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fighters were separated in a few minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. John 36 . (Filtered Words: 0)
That fact is very clearly illustrated in the case of the many present-day intellectuals who were Communists or near-Communists in their youth and are now so extremely conservative ( or reactionary , as many would say ) that they can define no important political conviction that does not seem so far from even a centrist position as to make the distinction between Mr. [FILTERED] and Mr. [FILTERED] for them hardly worth noting . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` It is as though '' , I said on the historic three-hour , coast-to-coast radio broadcast which I bought ( following Father Coughlin and pre-empting the Eddie Cantor , Manhattan Merry-go-round and Major Bowes shows ) `` That Man in the White House , like some despot of yore , insisted on reading my diary , raiding my larder and ransacking my lingerie ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington (Filtered Words: 0)
He went on to personal bequests , a list of names largely unknown to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , if we can trust that most specious of prolusions , packed as it is with wit and persiflage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the park is filled with marble busts and all the streets in the immediate area have the full and proper names of the men who fell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leaving Jess's where it lay , he left the stall . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] declared that he preferred to continue the war a little longer , `` although it costs us blood '' , in order to give Poland compensation in the West at the expense of the Germans . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But [FILTERED] got coy and wouldn't make any promises . (Filtered Words: 1)
Certainly not the largest afternoon audience Newport has ever had at a jazz concert and the most attentive and quiet . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first result of Heidenstam's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , [FILTERED] And Wander-Years ( Vallfart och Vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The hazel eyes met [FILTERED]'s . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hansen arrived just before nightfall , two hours late , in company with [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Accordingly , at the [FILTERED] last year , [FILTERED] played a sympathetic Arnolphe and drew criticism for turning the comedy into a tragedy . (Filtered Words: 2)
But , from our reading of the Western Talmud , we Urielites believe that the [FILTERED] , knowing this situation would arise , made reference to and provision for divorce . (Filtered Words: 1)
A few drops of rain just before midnight , when [FILTERED] was in the midst of her first number , scattered the more timid members of the audience briefly , but at this hour and with [FILTERED] on the stand , most of the listeners didn't care whether they got wet . (Filtered Words: 2)
Endeavor to get the notches as much alike as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
The conclusion -- the distances of the constellations did not vary and their paths were circular . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a gabble of voices from indoors , young hungry sounds like cats after fish , and a burst of swearing from the old man . (Filtered Words: 0)
The statutory policy of fostering free competition is obviously furthered when no supplier has an advantage over his competitors from an acquisition of his customer's stock likely to have the effects condemned by the statute . (Filtered Words: 0)
Preparations are being made for similar experiments on CH and SH radicals . (Filtered Words: 0)
One-day conferences covering some specific phase of business management , also part of the continuing activities of the Small Business Administration , aid community economic development programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the league commissioner , pointed out : (Filtered Words: 1)
In the half darkness the banisters gleamed , and the hall seemed enormous . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He seemed to have picked up a virus that day , because the next morning he had a small cough and felt a bit hot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such study may take many forms . (Filtered Words: 0)
We classify mice as `` straight-haired '' or `` wavy-haired '' , but a hairless mouse appears . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw `` Fiorello ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $3,500,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beyond that misty gray of the rain , he saw the stretching hutment , low diminutive log cabins , chinked with mud , with doorways a man would have to crouch to get through , with roofs of tenting laid over boughs or boards from hardtack boxes , or fence rails , with cranky chimneys of sticks and dried mud . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it's goin' to go on like this year after year until the white people take over this land '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't press your luck , badge-toter '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I suggest further that the main cause of the trouble we are in has been the failure of American policy-makers , ever since we assumed free world leadership in 1945 , to deal with this problem realistically and seriously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hamburger patties with nuts (Filtered Words: 0)
Before making the news public [FILTERED] sent an officer with the note to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Dennis , 6 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now lay 12 pieces of Af cut 5-3/4'' '' long side by side but separated by 12 pieces of the same material 1/2'' '' sq. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly in the matter of principals there is nothing lacking . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gala is the Thrift Shop's annual bundle party and , as all Thrift Shop friends know , that means the admission is a bundle of used clothing in good condition , contributions of household equipment , bric-a-brac and such to stock the shelves at the shop's headquarters at 1213 Walnut St. . (Filtered Words: 0)
and so they were consistently true to their principles . (Filtered Words: 0)
I might have got hit by that truck if it wasn't for you . (Filtered Words: 0)
During one reading an image appeared of a prisoner in irons . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's the last one we did . (Filtered Words: 0)
the crupper under his tail seemed to be old stuff . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. March , like [FILTERED] , was a clergyman , although of an indeterminate denomination ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Curt , angry enough to be a little reckless , raised his hands shoulder high . (Filtered Words: 0)
The musical cleverness and spirit plus a strong sense of taste and measure save a wry little joke from becoming either bawdy or mawkish . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the University of Chicago she studied Whitman and Shelley , and became a Socialist . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the discharge the magnetic forces set up by the passage of current cause the edges of the foil to roll inward toward its center line , thus allowing light to pass into the camera . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mural around the wall depicted early settlers in covered wagons , who appeared much more animated than the gamblers . (Filtered Words: 0)
We did 80 miles an hour across a hard dirt road to a cluster of shacks . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't think there was any reason to '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And patterns of stress are not always unambiguous by any means . (Filtered Words: 0)
An isolated case of quackery ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Life must be kept in harmony (Filtered Words: 0)
In the solitude of Camusfearna there had been no loneliness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Board Chairman [FILTERED] of the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Co. , testified the B & O was in its worst financial condition since the depression years and badly needed the economic lift it would get from consolidation with the Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad . (Filtered Words: 1)
Behind him lay the Low Countries , where men were still completing the cathedrals that a later [FILTERED] would describe as `` a malediction of little tabernacles , one on top of the other , with so many pyramids and spires and leaves that it is a wonder they stand up at all , for they look as though they were made of paper instead of stone or marble '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
To this point the need for an over-all plan for submarine defense has been demonstrated , the mission has been stated , broad principles delineating its content laid down , and the supporting elements listed . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the stock exchange opened this morning , many dealers were quick to purchase shares in [FILTERED] , Lockheed and United Aircraft and prices rose substantially . (Filtered Words: 1)
Conrad's words had intellectual meaning for him only . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] spoke to her . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a battle on an average of once every three weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clean it meticulously in boiling water and detergent , rinse thoroughly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw the most action , beat up more badmen with his bare fists , broke up the most gangs and sent more murderers to the gallows than any other U.S. marshal who lived before or after him . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is therefore nothing about them to which an attitude of approval or condemnation could be fitting . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other side of the church was a quiet , well-kept house with shutters and recently painted . (Filtered Words: 0)
she is the unattainable beauty , the princess who turns away suitors by the dozen . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked tiredly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some library boards are wary of the plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll be here at ten-fifty-five '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the meantime , we might be thinking on the problem all these dead beasts represent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe the Indian wasn't too much at fault , Ramey thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negroes represent nothing to him personally , except , perhaps , the dangers of carnality . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We're going to Philadelphia '' , Kitty said , pulling her skirt down around her legs all the more . (Filtered Words: 0)
One serves society by conducting a business from which a certain number of employees draw their means of subsistence ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked at him impudently over the corner of the paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why not ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The new regime in Turkey is intentionally less Muslim than its predecessor . (Filtered Words: 0)
but I liked to think of him at ninety swimming and working at Key West long after [FILTERED] had moved to Cuba . (Filtered Words: 1)
The family was Protestant , but for me it was only irksome and I let it go . (Filtered Words: 0)
We send shovels , cement , nails , and corrugated iron for roofs . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can't stay here with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her own body protested , aching painfully where the blood in her veins had congealed , where cold demon wisps still clung and caressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think they moved away shortly after they were married . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this fact may explain some of the disagreements among the experts as to the more rational formulas for the apportionment of total costs among different units of service . (Filtered Words: 0)
I introduced my friend [FILTERED] to Pops and we made ourselves comfortable . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] gave a gulp . (Filtered Words: 1)
They've worried , they've lain awake nights , they've shook at the slightest footstep , they've pictured their own destruction , and now it's all over and they can give up . (Filtered Words: 0)
About five years ago , [FILTERED] came to ask me if he could see the tattered register . (Filtered Words: 1)
As a business man I have to use the telephone constantly , from three to four hours a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
They all are of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dead , dead as a brass door nail , and I sometimes feel like the Sexton , for I'm about the last to be even interested . (Filtered Words: 0)
As an aid in the prevention of bacterial diarrhea ( scours ) , feed 50 grams per ton . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tappets and locking bars (Filtered Words: 0)
Hardly anyone ashore marked her as she anchored stern-to off [FILTERED] 29 on the mole . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I haven't seen her yet , but I hear she's a lulu '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The fin on his foot caught on the moulding , throwing him off balance . (Filtered Words: 0)
That night he reeled out of [FILTERED] dance hall and proceeded to disturb the peace by shooting off his revolver . (Filtered Words: 1)
As can be seen from these dosage isopleths , approximately 100 square miles was covered within the area sampled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mission as co-optation (Filtered Words: 0)
The partners each bring to it unselfish love , and each takes away an equal share of pleasure and joy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He dropped his earlier and delightful hamming , which is about the only way to handle the old war horse called `` [FILTERED]'s Aunt '' , and let himself go with as appealing an `` Amy '' as anybody could ask . (Filtered Words: 1)
Disadvantages . (Filtered Words: 0)
A sense of self-certainty and the freedom to experiment with different roles , or confidence in one's own unique behavior as an alternative to peer-group conformity , is more easily developed during adolescence if , during early childhood , the individual was permitted to exercise initiative and encouraged to develop some autonomy . (Filtered Words: 0)
They arrived in Washington about the same time during the early postwar years : [FILTERED] as the young Congressman from Massachusetts ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
One had to find a donor , and usually very quickly , whose blood corresponded with the patient's . (Filtered Words: 0)
As long as the unscrupulous Myra chose ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Within this framework , what followed was strained , even macabre . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , top Universal-International film studio exec , makes an honest man out of this column . (Filtered Words: 1)
The expression has become quite a cliche . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Same . (Filtered Words: 0)
Warmly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Police did make an attempt to check on Morse's alibi . (Filtered Words: 0)
These operators D and N are unique and each is a polynomial in T . (Filtered Words: 0)
Protection (Filtered Words: 0)
Fists pummeled him as he staggered forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's a helluva thing '' , [FILTERED] said , looking at [FILTERED] , `` when a guy's own team-mate won't come out and help him in a fight '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` I should explain : there's more here for me than advocating my little dream , there's you . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a highly speculative venture . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why do we let the Germans do this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , 3 , 2:05.3 is now wearing hopples and has trained in 2:19 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
3 , (Filtered Words: 0)
These fatalities are dramatic evidence of `` halfway evangelism '' , a failure to follow through . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thank the Lord , they still had water ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This co-operation has emboldened other Southern whites to add their voices to demands for peaceable accommodation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You must play it where it lies '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cast : (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , [FILTERED]'s pursuit of Compeyson , his archenemy and betrayer , begins by his holding him in a vicelike grip on the river flats to frustrate his escape and culminates in his `` laying his hand on his cloak to identify him '' , thus precipitating the death-locked struggle in the water during which Compeyson drowns . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hebrews 14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
As shown earlier , the highly anxious individual may be superior in his memorizing of simple elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was an attentive and generous husband , overgenerous , a lot of people felt , because they knew that money must be a problem to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I should think so '' , Eugenia said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Systematically he would open and ransack drawers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The water inlets are large enough to permit filling the wheel to an eight-inch level in less than two minutes , and the outlet is large enough to permit discharge of this same amount of water in less than two minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one the [FILTERED] police had questioned professed to know any more about him than about Johnston . (Filtered Words: 1)
to get happiness for yourself -- 28 per cent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
My last impression as they led him off to a stockade was of his pale face (Filtered Words: 0)
This reasoning was also as inevitable as anything could be . (Filtered Words: 0)
but , conversely , one cannot begin to understand [FILTERED] without knowing something about the world view of the Old Chinese , which they felt they saw expressed in it . (Filtered Words: 1)
The basic problem involved is that a college setting up a graduate school must have an entirely separate faculty for the advanced degree . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once again , the United States must choose . (Filtered Words: 0)
A [FILTERED] painting , however confabulated , is a universe of tensions in vast depths . (Filtered Words: 1)
Correction can save teeth (Filtered Words: 0)
This , in fact , it turned out to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Few of the neighbors came , but Mrs. [FILTERED] came , called by tragedy . (Filtered Words: 1)
All services are given without cost to members . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was his goal , she was his reason . (Filtered Words: 0)
Palfrey was also concerned about the question of what wage to pay for their labor throughout 1844 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The child dies with his mourning mother at his bedside . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't take it like this '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
In other words , atrocities by savages wearing the uniform of the central government might be condoned , had the victims been serving the cause of dissident Katanga . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Daddy's books are out of bounds his own picture books are not . (Filtered Words: 0)
What they have objected to is the attempt of the Russians to make use of the tragedy of [FILTERED] death to turn the entire U.N. staff from the Secretary down into political agents of the respective countries from which they come . (Filtered Words: 1)
When would the oyabun like to bring his guests up here '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If she wanted to borrow any sum of money in expecting the arrangements of Congress , it would not become a stranger , unknown to her , to offer himself for that purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now that's not regulation , is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Russians , Filipinos . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wanted him to get into trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile he has been thinking about the facts surrounding the problem , facts which he knows can never be complete , and the general background , much of which has already been lost to history . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now we are leaving humor and comedy behind again '' , [FILTERED] protested . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , the study of the solutions to the equation Af is reduced to the study of the space of solutions of a differential equation of the form Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
An item in the letters column of a newspaper renewed a subscription , adding : `` I personally enjoy your newspaper as much as my husband '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was still hugging the stained coat around her , so I said , `` Relax , let me take your things . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , I take classes with different people '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presently , Hardwicke-Etter employs 300-450 people , depending on the season of the year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Physically as well as mentally I have reached the limit of my endurance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What are you doing out of the block '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If the administration ever had any ideas that it could find an acceptable alternative to Prince Souvanna Phouma , whom it felt was too trusting of Communists , it gradually had to relinquish them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He'll bring a bottle too , and I'll get another one or maybe two while I'm out . (Filtered Words: 0)
( And this is not , perhaps , the place to discuss Harlem's very complex attitude toward black policemen , nor the reasons , according to Harlem , that they are nearly all downtown . (Filtered Words: 0)
A massive investigation of the characteristics of in-migrants and prospective out-migrants in Ruanda-Urundi is being carried on by [FILTERED] , former Director of the Social Science branch of IRSAC , now a professor at l'Universite Officielle Du Congo Belge et [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Recent statements by well-known scientists regarding the destructive power of the newest nuclear bombs and the deadly fall-outs should be sufficient to still the voices of those who advocate nuclear warfare instead of negotiations . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` These actions should serve to protect in fact and in effect the court's wards from undue costs and its appointed and elected servants from unmeritorious criticisms '' , the jury said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The book could be The Brothers Karamazov , but it would still have the same jacket illustration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Signs of this type have already made their appearance in several larger cities , and others are on the way . (Filtered Words: 0)
After that everything should be simpler . (Filtered Words: 0)
There may be possible economies at any one of a number of links in your marketing and distribution chain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before he could snap it on , a stinging blow caught him in the ribs . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Player was only one stroke back , with a 69 . (Filtered Words: 0)
**yt is the friction angle ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A small , rock-carved angel watched her from a nearby tomb , the only angel in the cemetery . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] sounds real enough , if we could only trust the conditions under which we learn of its use ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Partisan Review and the other literary magazines helped to educate , in the best sense , an entire generation . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hate it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had acknowledged the man . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third method was , to our knowledge , successfully applied for the first time by [FILTERED] and co-workers ( Ref. 2 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
The role of both church and university as sources of information and settings within which the implications of such information may be explored needs consideration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Paperweight may be personalized on back while clay is leather hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hunched his left shoulder into it and slashed at [FILTERED]' forearm with his own , felt the blade slide off his sleeve . (Filtered Words: 1)
A more official representative is the Secretary of the Interior . (Filtered Words: 0)
A splendid vote of confidence in Thayer , [FILTERED] reflected . (Filtered Words: 1)
A seeping coldness entered [FILTERED]'s being ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
For we have said , in effect , that of the two alternatives to his position variously represented by the other participants in the demythologizing discussion , only one is really an alternative . (Filtered Words: 0)
product and market developments ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] was the merriest widow I ever saw '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
That would make him mad enough if he was sober . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their sentry followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
some buildings , farm tools , two horses , plows , and hay owned by [FILTERED] , a friendly interpreter for the company , and [FILTERED] hay were stolen or destroyed ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
they danced on the sand till your blood got hot and danced with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
It also happened with the Inauguration , which was not re-run at all during the evening hours , and I wrote to the TV editor of the Times . (Filtered Words: 0)
His voice grew high and trembling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its enforcement was enjoined by a federal trial court . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had helped him change his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Campus broadcasting station (Filtered Words: 0)
they see it as a potpourri of charming , moral legends and patriotic anecdotes , with a superstition or remedy thrown in here and there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abruptly he reached into his pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
One can only speak of what is in front of him , and that now is simply the mess '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Choreographed by Mr. [FILTERED] , the work filled the second half of a program that also offered the first New York showing of Miss Tamiris' `` Once Upon A Time '' as well as her `` Women's Song '' and Mr. [FILTERED]'s `` Indeterminate Figure '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
The silicate fractions of stony meteorites show gallium / germanium ratios similar to those of tektites because they too have undergone melting at some point in their histories . (Filtered Words: 0)
They mounted up and rode slowly behind the others at a safe distance . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was my initiation to war and the insane symphony war plays ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She tilted up and drank , and then I drank . (Filtered Words: 0)
And most of the gain will be in self-unloading vehicles '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is at this time that we should imitate the Pilgrims by accompanying our prayers of thanks with the conviction that we shall continue to be in dire need for the Lord's protection in the future , if we are to have peace ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , the fourth principle of the plan must be that it provide for continuously increasing capabilities in the opponent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since appeals to morality , to humanity , and to sanity have had such small effect , perhaps our last recourse is the deterrent example . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
there might even be two or more candidates for voters to choose from . (Filtered Words: 0)
Except that Kitti wasn't there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once again life went its serene way -- soirees , fox hunts , balls and dinners . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dewey Urban has a clever green trotter in Dr. [FILTERED] , 3 ( by Yankee Hanover ) , his latest mile in 2:20 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The adolescent's capacity to anticipate achievement and to exercise the self-discipline necessary to complete tasks successfully depends on the degree to which he or she developed autonomy , initiative , and self-discipline during childhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their eyes betrayed too much of their emotions , she thought sadly . (Filtered Words: 0)
This cooling does not change the avocado in any way , it just delays the natural softening of the fruit until a grovelike temperature ( room temperature ) is restored . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ambulance is drawn by two `` charming '' little horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also given are several laboratory wash procedures in general use . (Filtered Words: 0)
To arrive at the answer , multiply the numbers together by starting at the left of the group and working to the right . (Filtered Words: 0)
I want to create the impression of a compound full of children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Provide a name card for each new member . (Filtered Words: 0)
At first glance this appears strange : of all people , was not America founded by rugged individualists who established a new way of life still inspiring `` undeveloped '' societies abroad ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You gonna give me a drink , fella '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The suit against the union was successful and many workers lost their homes to pay off the judgment . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has been truly said that anything man can imagine he can produce or create by projecting this inner image into its counterpart in the objective world . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was foolish and snobbish to wear clothing when none of these nice people did . (Filtered Words: 0)
In analyzing this regulation , let us take the last sentence first . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had put it down in a war novel , The Day Of The Lion . (Filtered Words: 0)
This prospect did not please Mrs. [FILTERED] any more than did the possibility that her daughter might marry a Bohemian , but she used it to suggest to Thompson that , `` It is not in her nature to love you '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In this system , no man is exempt from obligations . (Filtered Words: 0)
We also see how the results may be presented , although if n , the number of state variables , is large any tabulation will become cumbersome . (Filtered Words: 0)
They echo the words with which he has described his own vision of the dying child who `` trembles and begs for mercy -- and there is no mercy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After [FILTERED] became the Greatest Man in the World , for a nation that does not believe in the cult of personality or in careerism , [FILTERED] wrote me a letter in which he said : `` I am not interested in how long a bee can live in a vacuum , or how far it can fly . (Filtered Words: 2)
In any event , the extraordinary result of this injury was that he became `` psychically blind '' , while at the same time , apparently , the sense of touch remained essentially intact . (Filtered Words: 0)
SBA cosponsors these courses with educational institutions and community groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
While a Senator , [FILTERED] had unsuccessfully pushed a bill to preserve the Belasco Theater , as well as the [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] houses , all scheduled for razing . (Filtered Words: 3)
Mr. [FILTERED] was laid up with a bad cold . (Filtered Words: 1)
Which was poison gas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Already this study has suggested ways to cut his foundation manhours from 170 to 105 by eliminating idle time and wasted motion . (Filtered Words: 0)
the lovely ( and of course vigorous ) `` Polyanka '' or `` The Meadow '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Such needs may rise to pathological proportions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked who this was , she named [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The [FILTERED] budget was simultaneously inadequate in its provisions and yet extravagant in its projections of revenue to be received . (Filtered Words: 1)
And possessed himself -- how ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You can unscrew this tube and replace it with a smoothbore insert for use with (Filtered Words: 0)
Except for those minutes in her room , he had lost touch with her as a reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
We would lose our export markets and deny ourselves the imports we need . (Filtered Words: 0)
It bewilders and befuddles him . (Filtered Words: 0)
But time is running out , and many of [FILTERED]'s admirers begin to fear that he will never find terra firma . (Filtered Words: 1)
Other witnesses , after appearances before the jury , which reportedly is probing into possible income tax violations , disclosed that government prosecutors were attempting to connect [FILTERED] and his company with a number of gangsters , including Glimco and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
And I think she sought out danger as much as she sought out helping other people . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a sense , the showdown promised by Mr. [FILTERED]'s sudden and tragic death has been avoided ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Of course you can . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she was . (Filtered Words: 0)
The champions of the Union maintained that the Constitution had formed , fundamentally , the united people of America , that it was a compact among sovereign citizens rather than states , and that therefore the states had no right to secede , though the citizens could . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were in a fight , outweighed in both numbers and money . (Filtered Words: 0)
This happens on the grocer's shelf or in your kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
We designated one day a week as the time when neighborhood teen-agers might swim at definite hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a very tempting offer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing bald , open ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an operator is obviously the zero operator ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll talk to him , all right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I might not make any money but I'd sure have patients '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A significant effect discovered during the study is the existence of Prandtl numbers reaching values of more than unity in the nitrogen dissociation region . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] began falling in love . (Filtered Words: 1)
On home sets children were watching the death throes of men who were shot before the paredon , the firing wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was therefore not until the publication of J.H. Round's `` The Settlement Of The South And East Saxons '' , and [FILTERED] `` Dr. [FILTERED] And The English Conquest Of South Britain '' , that a scientific basis for place-name studies was established . (Filtered Words: 2)
The evening was not always spent in the same way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unhappily , `` Heaven Has No Favorites '' does not alter the record except to add one more bad book to the list . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the detective must save his own skin by informing on the girl he loves , who is also the real murderer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The charge was so farfetched that [FILTERED] paid little attention to it , and answered Pike in a rather bored way , wearily declaring that a `` new hand '' was pumping the bellows of the [FILTERED] organ , and concluding : `` In a controversy with an adversary so utterly destitute of moral principles , even a triumph would entitle the victor to no laurels . (Filtered Words: 2)
Lumumba fired Kasavubu . (Filtered Words: 0)
Enforce by demand (Filtered Words: 0)
And most of all it is not having the only man you could love , whether he drives a bread truck or delivers the mail or checks the berry crates down at the sheds , or owns seventeen oil wells and six diamond mines , for if you are anybody what he is or does makes no difference if he is the one . (Filtered Words: 0)
But come the next session of Congress , State can expect only that its summer guest will bite its hand when it goes to the Capitol asking money for diplomatic entertaining expenses abroad or for living expenses for its diplomats . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time , they were much better prepared and organized , and the political climate was favorable . (Filtered Words: 0)
) , what voices would be left ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I can't guarantee you a sympathetic audience '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 12)
But whenever a major purchase was contemplated forty years ago -- a new bedroom set or a winter coat , an [FILTERED] bonnet , a bicycle for Junior -- the family set off for the downtown department store , where the selection would be greatest . (Filtered Words: 1)
And even if they stay in resorts part of the time , they might , if the right salesman gets them in tow , develop a yearning to spice the usual vacation fare with a camping trip into the wide open spaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was so scared well , I just ran to my car and came here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- State representatives decided Thursday against taking a poll on what kind of taxes Texans would prefer to pay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just look at that sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the search for oil and gas , we make similar waves under controlled conditions with dynamite and learn from them where there are buried rock structures favorable to the accumulation of these resources . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the United States and the U.S.S.R. have been arguing whether there shall be four , five or six top assistants , the most important element in the situation is not the number of deputies but the manner in which these deputies are to do their work . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get in '' , [FILTERED] said brusquely . (Filtered Words: 1)
Given a theological lead , I asked what he thinks about those who find a religious significance to his plays . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , for excellent psychological reasons , never fully reveals [FILTERED]'s felonious past , but [FILTERED] , at the convict's climactic reappearance in London , shrinks from clasping a hand which he fears `` might be stained with blood '' . (Filtered Words: 3)
Then he called in his friend [FILTERED] and turned over the problem to him , with instructions to work out what was best -- provided it didn't pile unnecessary burdens on the President . (Filtered Words: 1)
Exposure (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the hope of attaining a list of items of universal occurrence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next , the hen was nested and all seemed well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally men arrested Him , gave Him a mock trial , flogged Him , nailed Him on a cross and hung Him between earth and heaven ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Vocational training which holds no hope that the skill developed will be in fact a marketable skill becomes just another school `` chore '' for those whose interest in their studies has begun to falter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why don't [FILTERED] mind his own fucken business ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
She never got on his back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leg cramps , one person tells me , were relieved by standing barefoot with the weight of the body on the heel and pressing down hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the period from 10 to 14 the permanent set of teeth is usually completed , yet the continuing growth of bony tissue makes moving badly placed teeth comparatively easy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The windshield glass is shatterproof and Plexiglas is used in the cabin . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the present time we do not know by what biochemical mechanism TSH acts on the thyroid , but for bio-assay of the hormone there are a number of properties by which its activity may be estimated , including release of iodine from the thyroid , increase in thyroid weight , increase in mean height of the follicular cells and increase in the thyroidal uptake of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
He reminded himself that all eliminations were tentative . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thought of this lonely woman sitting at her window touched him , although he was even more touched by her plumpness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten thousand twisty miles of shoreline frame the 30-odd lakes in the vast Tennessee River system that loops in and out of seven states . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , manifestly , would not provide $5000 to each of the surviving five children . (Filtered Words: 0)
I heard you '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It has given considerable trouble at times and empties right into the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The state's rights position was formulated by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] in the Kentucky and Virginia Resolves , but in their later careers as heads of state the two proved themselves better Hamiltonians than [FILTERED]ians . (Filtered Words: 2)
The so-called vegetable ivory is the hard endosperm of the egg-sized seed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He added `` I think that sometimes in this country we are not aware as we should be of the extraordinary work that is being done in this field '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anything at all ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Justice is a worthy objective ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And this is my own home '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Spanish Steps . (Filtered Words: 0)
It looked to me as though he had everything an artist could want , joy in his work , standing in the profession , a large and steady income . (Filtered Words: 0)
After [FILTERED] gruonded out , [FILTERED] walked and [FILTERED] singled home McAuliffe . (Filtered Words: 3)
In a properly ordered society the massive force of public law performs the function which in natural law theory ineptly is left altogether to a small voice so often still . (Filtered Words: 0)
Published in 1923 , it did not gain the popular acclaim of the [FILTERED] volumes , probably because [FILTERED] felt less at home with [FILTERED] , the bourgeois lawyer , than with [FILTERED] , the filibuster . (Filtered Words: 4)
who were more ingratiating than gracious , more personalities than persons . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was at once disappointed , although just what I had expected him to look like I could not have explained . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Didn't you have an old pair of painting overalls in the garage ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The following efficiencies obtained from JEDEC and RCA specifications were used : Af (Filtered Words: 0)
My camp-made leather wallet , bulky with twisted , raised stitches around the edges , I stuffed with money I had been saving . (Filtered Words: 0)
This officer had asked [FILTERED] if she suspected her [FILTERED] , and she replied she didn't think he did it because he left the house before the murders and returned after them . (Filtered Words: 2)
A Western cowpony had outrun an African lion , from a standing start . (Filtered Words: 0)
From her California headquarters , [FILTERED] fired back , `` I shall never divorce Mr. [FILTERED] , to permit him to marry Olga Milanoff '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
In the evening both of the men went with me on the train 30 miles to Osaka to put me on the train for Hiroshima . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a small sideboard with some empty beer bottles on it and perhaps fifteen wooden chairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the subject -- segregation in her native South -- has been thoroughly worked , Miss [FILTERED] uses her poet's instinct and storyteller's skill to reaffirm her place at the very top of modern American writing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sec. 8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] screamed . (Filtered Words: 1)
The most famous ballet of that time was called Ballet Comique De La Reine ( 1581 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We -- we eloped '' , Cappy said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your local civil defense will gather its own information and will receive broad information from State and Federal sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the wrong thing to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately , such cases in Rhode Island are more the exception than the rule . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the best books by generals were not necessarily the first ones written . (Filtered Words: 0)
water boiling on the fire for washing laundry every day , the pots scoured with river sand after each meal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any street meeting , sacred or secular , which he and his colleagues uneasily cover has as its explicit or implicit burden the cruelty and injustice of the white domination . (Filtered Words: 0)
It stipulates , in addition , that all amounts remaining as a result of imposing the `` ceiling '' , and not used for insuring the `` floor '' , be redistributed to those States still below their maximums . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do with what '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We may then dismiss the time difference between these courses and the usual four year course of the interior design student as not having serious bearing on the subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
They all surrounded him , the family circle , Theresa and [FILTERED] as solemn as if they were watching the cat have kittens , and Cousin Emma running back and forth with a kettle of hot water which she poured steaming into a white enamelled pan . (Filtered Words: 1)
She said nothing until Pietro had slackened their pace . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] thought it a more promising remark than any made during the last conversation , but Charlotte's manner during the gatherings was more flippant and superficial than when she was alone with him and he was sure her remark would lead to nothing much better than the pointless words which had preceded it . (Filtered Words: 1)
It ran until past one o'clock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heating is by individual gas-fired , forced warm air systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
The unabashed sexuality of so many of his paintings was not the only thing that kept the public at bay : his view of the world was one of almost unrelieved tragedy , and it was too much even for morbid-minded Vienna . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wait for the charge ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Once you become an avocado fan , you will look forward to the season each year with eager anticipation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Make it as snappy as you can , will you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I opened the door , and [FILTERED] stumbled in -- fast -- as if Nadine had pushed him . (Filtered Words: 1)
the relatively wild conditions still found in tropical South America might be responsible . (Filtered Words: 0)
the author possesses an uncommonly fine English style , and he is dealing with subjects of vast importance that are highly topical for our time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Breakfast , he thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
He darted inside the stockade and freed the horses there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The I. A. P. A. is a reflection of the problems and hopes of the hemisphere ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She had , with her own work-weary hands , put seeds in the ground , watched them sprout , bud , blossom , and get ready to bear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Few will quarrel with the aim of the schools or with the wording of their curriculum . (Filtered Words: 0)
He just hasn't developed them yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
As things happened , [FILTERED] was installed in the Nob Hill residence of a magnate friend , whose kitchen swarmed with cooks of approved talent . (Filtered Words: 1)
Using the same figures as for the previous example , the equation becomes : Af (Filtered Words: 0)
It had a gourmet's corner ( instead of a kitchen ) , a breakfast room , a luncheon room , a dining room , a sitting room , a room for standing up , a party room , dressing rooms for everybody , even a room for mud . (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of the dreams of the host for oneness in the group , the Af incoming messages for each guest overload his receiving system beyond comprehension if N exceeds about six . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dominican people have known no democratic institutions and precious little freedom for a generation , and all alternative leadership has been suppressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Orders from the Home Army '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Think I'm going to make you introduce a drunk as your wife ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The cemetery slumbered just behind it , and the way lay through the village and close to the sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , both of Houston , and [FILTERED] of Beaumont seated guests . (Filtered Words: 3)
) Here I think the role of the philosopher becomes apparent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I haven't seen her yet , but I hear she's a lulu '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And then there was [FILTERED]'s engagement to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Oh , yeah '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] prisoner strike was motivated by a reasonable purpose , a fair break from parole boards . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , a finding of conspiracy to restrain trade or attempt to monopolize was excluded from the Court's decision . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Uhhu '' , she muttered . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has been named manager . (Filtered Words: 1)
But in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` C'est formidable '' , they exclaimed . (Filtered Words: 0)
) and was repealed . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of it might have been heroic , but they had done it in the wrong place . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] smiled at her through his happiness . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
He says : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
He expects that if the present timetable is followed a vote will be scheduled during the last week in September . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Assumption 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plainfield (Filtered Words: 0)
Always messing around with science stuff . (Filtered Words: 0)
Didn't you read it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
-- To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 10 to 25 grams per ton of complete feed . (Filtered Words: 0)
My intention , therefore , is not to say that [FILTERED]'s awareness has been confined within the borders of the South , but rather that he has looked at his world as a [FILTERED] and that presumably his outlook is Southern . (Filtered Words: 2)
As she was rather tired this evening , her simple `` Thank you for the use of your bath '' -- when she sat down opposite him -- spoken in a low voice , came across with coolnesses of intelligence and control . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I snuggled closer to the man I loved . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
He again stated that he was `` a regular minister '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You are much too beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and I had not loved each other . (Filtered Words: 1)
To get it out into the daylight's glow Is my life's aim both first and last , the whole . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] writing the Declaration of Independence amid the catastrophes of revolution ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Sports Writer Ensign Ritchie of the Ogden Standard Examiner went to his compartment to talk with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each switch occupies one digit position in a word , can be set on or off , and is considered as logically equivalent to an electronic switch . (Filtered Words: 0)
The handwriting is on the wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
You don't think [FILTERED] is the -- '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The second half of the sixteenth century in England was the setting for a violent and long controversy over the moral quality of renaissance literature , especially the drama . (Filtered Words: 0)
A curator has been appointed . (Filtered Words: 0)
And as you know , I have no permission to re-enter France once out . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was no need , he remembered , for his hand to reach out , for his face to show concern or stoicism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Berto's The Sky Is Red had been a small masterpiece and in its special way the best book to come out of the war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hearst took a brief respite to hurry home to New York to become a father . (Filtered Words: 0)
He climbed down , went back into the tunnel and tossed the razor into the pit . (Filtered Words: 0)
pitchers of water merely appear on the tables . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other variables include the dancer who is to perform the movement and the length of time he is to take in its performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The light was filtered by the soft glass window of the thermostat thus ensuring that only light absorbed by the chlorine and not by the carbon tetrachloride could enter the reaction cell . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new work was a boon to the partnership , not only for its own value but particularly for the stimulation it provided to the imagination of J. R. Brown toward yet further developments for production equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not making them sensitive to the sub-Christian level of much of our economic and industrial life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gulf's holdings could have been converted into 2,700,877 shares of Union Oil common upon surrender of debentures plus cash , according to Union . (Filtered Words: 0)
The route which he had traveled and which he believed might develop into a trade route was followed by his settlers earlier than he might have expected . (Filtered Words: 0)
While Hans devoted himself to the sciences of medicine , physics , and astronomy , his brother studied law . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you spot Carmer give a yell before you move in '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Some better . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Without any officious and improper interference on the subject , the price of labor or the wages of mechanics will be regulated by the demand for the manufactured article and the value of that which is paid for it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Something indirect , mixed , reconciling , tensional might well be the stratagem , the devious technique by which a poet indulged in all kinds of talk about love and anger and even in something like `` expressions '' of these emotions , without aiming at their incitement or even uttering anything that essentially involves their incitement '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trouble is that like many symbols it doesn't seem a very realistic one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the Church was born and because of its intrinsic character was soon identified as a conservative institution , determined to resist the forces of change , to identify itself with the political rulers , and to maintain a kind of splendid isolation from the masses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was that what had given way in me ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Brooklyn College is [FILTERED] territory , as much as the Bronx or Central Park West . (Filtered Words: 1)
The transducer itself moves the beam in a sector scan , just like a radar antenna , while the entire transducer structure is moved over a 90-degree arc in front of the eye to `` look into '' all corners . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the last few years , the application of chromatographic and other modern techniques to the problem of isolating TSH has led to further purification ( Bates and Condliffe , 1960 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Its climactic role was to pursue and demoralize a defeated enemy but this chance never came in the Atlanta campaign . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is deeply committed to our plans already . (Filtered Words: 1)
He deserves a better life than just rotting away on the Prieur plantation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The work consists of four sections and 5 supplements . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` You can see signs of the Republicans' feeble attack on the [FILTERED] administration . (Filtered Words: 1)
The field , then , is ripe for new Southerners to step to the fore and write of this twentieth-century phenomenon , the Southern Yankeefication : the new urban economy , the city-dweller , the pains of transition , the labor problems ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All four remained impacted on the sofa until he had left . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the cloth is smooth , apply another coat of resin , spreading it with a paint roller . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Stevie ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He dropped his earlier and delightful hamming , which is about the only way to handle the old war horse called `` [FILTERED]'s Aunt '' , and let himself go with as appealing an `` Amy '' as anybody could ask . (Filtered Words: 1)
In France , it remained always more picturesque , more dancelike , more full of flavor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The safe is a repository for three dead flashlight batteries , a hundred and fifty unused left-hand fingerprint cards , a stack of unsold Policemen's Ball tickets from last year , and thirty-seven cents in coins and stamps . (Filtered Words: 0)
English philosopher [FILTERED] debt to Wordsworth and Meredith is a recent interesting example , as also [FILTERED] understanding of the English romantics , chiefly [FILTERED] and Wordsworth . (Filtered Words: 3)
Mary presented quite a different problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leaving aside the choice of unilateral cessation of tests as neither sane nor clearly moral , the question must arise as to why resumption of atmospheric tests on our part would not be a good choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone held his or her breath . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had driven him into the arms of that scheming woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Orders were given to dig . (Filtered Words: 0)
It can then grow steadily as it proves itself and as the need for it is demonstrated . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , no . (Filtered Words: 0)
More and more of the colonials were wearing their own hair and not using powder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are private interests sufficiently involved to be consulted ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is expected to be reported out Tuesday , but this is a little uncertain . (Filtered Words: 0)
It failed to work . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am recommending additional acquisitions of the improved version of the B-52 ( the B-52H with the new turbofan engine ) and procurement of the B-58 supersonic medium bomber , together with the supporting refueling tankers in each case . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shea was born in Manhattan . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was found that the aerated lagoon was an activated sludge system rather than an oxidation pond . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simpkins from Somerset (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of these involvements in the matter at stake , [FILTERED] lacked the impartiality that is supposed to be an essential qualification for the position of arbiter , and in retrospect that would seem to be sufficient reason why the English embassies to the Curia proved so fruitless . (Filtered Words: 1)
Before the airplanes came , he said , travel in Laos was just about impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Life-preservers , the buckle-on kapok-filled kind , are held in readiness , too , for the very young . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now it became increasingly apparent that there were to be no dogs in the picture . (Filtered Words: 0)
People who have not been able to get relief from regular medical doctors are especially apt to be taken in by quacks '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Buckets were filled , the herd fed and watered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hell , sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
Japanese aircraft were strong on maneuverability , American on speed and firepower . (Filtered Words: 0)
She spouted a mouthful of water into the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
They involve similar uncertainties regarding the multiple identities of any number of non-Jewish groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can't tell a customer how much it's going to cost him to refinance his payments before he even signs for a loan on the money down ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
When the patient was not allowed to move his body in any way at all , the following striking results occurred . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since we can neither undo nor redo the past , we are limited to the events of today and tomorrow . (Filtered Words: 0)
One even gave my little dog a biscuit . (Filtered Words: 0)
after a snowstorm a landscape smelling `` of woodsmoke and clarity '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We find , for example , such groupings as the Five Ancient Rulers , the Five Sacred Mountains , the Five Directions ( with Center ) , the Five Metals , Five Colors , Five Tastes , Five Odors , Five Musical Notes , Five Bodily Functions , [FILTERED] , and many others . (Filtered Words: 1)
An excess of zeal (Filtered Words: 0)
The whole system was again reviewed and reorganized in 1933 . (Filtered Words: 0)
So what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As a restatement it makes only a small contribution to knowledge of Igbo . (Filtered Words: 0)
who were more ingratiating than gracious , more personalities than persons . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was talking about him that time , because he had done some bad thing , something she disliked , but `` Afterwards Martin said he was sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some men have no talent for or interest in management ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The values and talents which made the tile and the dome , the rug , the poem and the miniature , continue in certain social institutions which rise above the ordinary life of this city , as the great buildings rise above blank walls and dirty lanes . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would ride with streaming amulets , their colors ripening in the sun , shouting the last bellicosity of a nation in the throes of death . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drifts usually occurred in winter in an effort to escape the severe cold winds , but it could also occur in summer as the result of lack of water or grass because of a drought , or as an aftermath of a stampede . (Filtered Words: 0)
all were empty except one , and that one was jammed with letters and magazines . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] picked up the hem of her gown and with eyes closed she slowly began to dance a stately minuet around the ballroom . (Filtered Words: 1)
Clearly it is not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dryer -- dryer of the rotary tumble type , having a cylindrical basket approximately 30 inches in diameter and 24 inches in length and rotating at approximately 35 r.p.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have been trying to make this clear to my own class in chemistry . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
Alone with the fabulous Byron ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Everybody returned after intermission for the miscellaneous sweepings of the Fantasy For Piano , Chorus , And [FILTERED] In C Minor , made up by its composer to fill out one of his programs . (Filtered Words: 1)
And along Chicago's [FILTERED] , La Salle Street , and around the Merchandise Mart Plaza there sit men who chart crop reports , who divide the number of reported lady-bugs by the number of reported green-bugs , and the number of hogs by the amount of corn . (Filtered Words: 1)
She has to have at least one car herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even before his death this influence had begun to ebb . (Filtered Words: 0)
What was true for archaeology was also true of place-name studies . (Filtered Words: 0)
he had been explaining all during the trip what he needed to make him feel like himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
KARL provides experience for students who wish to pursue careers in radio . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her face showed no sign of having heard Pompeii . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Internal national responsibility , now a truism , need not be documented . (Filtered Words: 0)
The grant , which stretched southward to Lake Traverse -- the headwaters of the Red -- was made in May , 1811 , and by October of that year a small group of Scots was settling for the winter at York Factory on Hudson Bay . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right . (Filtered Words: 0)
U.S. position on self-help (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How's your luck , honey '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , they made naught of [FILTERED]'s prophecy that capitalism would never pay the `` workers '' -- to use [FILTERED]'s word -- more than a subsistence wage , with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the capitalists' pockets with the result , in turn , that the gap between the rich and the poor would irrevocably widen and the misery of the poor increase . (Filtered Words: 2)
Here may be found regular and impact styrene , cellulose acetate , cellulose butyrate and cellulose propionate , acrylic , vinyl , expandable styrene foam , and polyethylene . (Filtered Words: 0)
Key to the puzzles (Filtered Words: 0)
They made the tests and came to Fred ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
After returning to the United States and raising the money , he discovered on getting back to Japan that the hours were no longer available . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tell her to hurry '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following morning , as John entered the Place Molard on his way to visit a sick refugee , he had a premonition of danger . (Filtered Words: 0)
They got tin cups of coffee from the big pot on the coosie's fire , rolled and lighted brown-paper cigarettes , lounged about . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's always worn a broad-brimmed hat , and I've noticed , in my small study at the Society , that he rather smells of cosmetics . (Filtered Words: 0)
One should keep in mind that many of the exciting possiblities of roleplaying are largely unexplored and have not been used in industry to the extent that they have been in military and other areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever learning they may have had in their order doesn't disturb them now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Introduction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Papa was disappointed that none of the brothers had heard the Call . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elburn , Ill. (Filtered Words: 0)
Then it is marked on the inside where it comes in contact with the transom , frames , keelson and all the battens . (Filtered Words: 0)
30 per cent of the `` Irish '' vote , and 18 per cent of the `` Negro '' vote . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
It all takes place in the eighteenth century . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blunt knife (Filtered Words: 0)
It is too easy for the inexperienced person to make a quick judgment of a few values of the area and base a decision on these alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Normal , by God . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the Model 122 ( about $20 ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Lord is the strength of my life ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] heading . (Filtered Words: 1)
Actually , he regretted having opened his mouth when the truck came to a stop and the angry driver jumped down from the cab and walked back toward them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Todman said over the radio as he came back up in formation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a cold and calculated look . (Filtered Words: 0)
I will simply kill you first . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he didn't , by a long shot ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
You used them that time you painted the porch at our other house . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we wait until children are in junior high or high school , we will never manage it . (Filtered Words: 0)
I would try to memorize landmarks and saw in a half-hour that it was hopeless . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have used a variety of heavy-weight hand-made papers , but prefer an English make , rough surface , in 400-pound weight . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boatswain was as guilty as any . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems to me that the first human being to reach one of these planets may well learn what it is to be a truly great and noble species '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had looked over my forms and was impressed by what he had seen there ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The horrifying humor , the specifically sexual embarrassment of the joke gone wrong , the monstrous image of the fat man dressed up as a whore dressing up as a baby ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I didn't know it was going to be this late '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The key man almost certainly would be Col. [FILTERED] , SAC's senior controller . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nevertheless , we can administer an aid program in such a manner as to promote the development of responsible programing . (Filtered Words: 0)
His looting of the orderly room had taken only a minute or two and the vicinity was still clear of guerrillas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently they were of Caucasian blood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mines can be used to deny access to great areas ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In an over-all ASW concept , dependence on and effort expended for such systems should be limited to those with proven capabilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fritzie was on the couch reading ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Was he ever successful , Theresa wondered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Refunds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Disputes Stans column business scandal views (Filtered Words: 0)
Thompson , of course , was persuaded not to take the `` terrible step '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then comes the time when the last wire is removed and [FILTERED] walks out a healthier and more attractive girl than when she first went to the orthodontist . (Filtered Words: 1)
God knows that [FILTERED] and the rest often were , and remain , guilty of intellectual flatulence . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gone are the days when , in the nineteenth century , scientists thought that they were close to the attainment of complete knowledge of the physical universe . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll take the middle . (Filtered Words: 0)
at the peaks of the nuclear test and the Berlin cycles ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Beyond a few million kilometers from the Earth , but still in the region of the Earth's orbit , a prediction of the flux of dust is even more unreliable . (Filtered Words: 0)
She answered him precisely , missing not a beat in her scrutiny of the financial reports . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
She also mentioned leaving a little bunch of flowers at the bust of Lauro Di Bosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hotly debated plan for the capital's Franklin D. Roosevelt Memorial , a circle of huge tablets engraved with his speeches ( and promptly dubbed by one of its critics , `` Instant Stonehenge '' ) , is another of Udall's headaches , since as supervisor of the National Parks Commission he will share in the responsibility for building it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The big , 22-year-old shortstop , the 1960 American league `` rookie-of-the-year '' , flew here late this afternoon from Baltimore , signed his contract for an estimated $15,000 and was a spectator at tonight's 5-to-3 loss to Kansas City -- the winless Birds' sixth setback in a row . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
( The first Metropolitan Opera broadcast on Dec. 9 will introduce her as [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But [FILTERED] , commencing his mission to the world-at-large , disguised as the minister of a `` twenty-eighth Congregational Church '' which bore no resemblance to the Congregational polities descended from the founders ( among which were still the Unitarian churches ) , made explicit from the beginning that the conflict between him and the Hunkerish society was not something which could be evaporated into a genteel difference about clerical decorum . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was jailed and banished . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the Af calculation is obvious by analogy with that for gravitational field and osmotic pressure , it is interesting to confirm it by a method which can be generalized to include related effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
For prevention of ketosis , feed 1/4 pound per head daily for 6 weeks commencing at calving time . (Filtered Words: 0)
These stray people nearly always insisted on Dolores showing them around the apartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in these organizations certain primal notions played a radiant part , radiant both in the sense of giving light and of being a pole toward which all perspectives converge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an analysis speedily reveals why the middle number of [FILTERED] , 5 , was so vitally significant for the Chinese ever since the earliest hints that they had a knowledge of this diagram . (Filtered Words: 1)
In less than five minutes Alec was asleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shouldering the load he peered from the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Breath control and the proper enunciation of vowel sounds within the oral cavity appeared to require the most development and practice . (Filtered Words: 0)
turn just a little . (Filtered Words: 0)
Has your company developed selection and training processes that are geared to providing the caliber of salesmen you will need in the next 10 yrs. ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He crawled beneath the two supply wagons which stood between the buildings and peered around a corner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Right now , they are pushing a resolution which would have UN use its forces to invade and subjugate Katanga . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alfred began to put his affairs in order , and he went about it like a man putting his things into storage . (Filtered Words: 0)
All such imitations of negative quality have given rise to a compensatory response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic humanism : if man can neither know nor love reality as it is , he can at least invent an artistic `` reality '' which is its own world and which can speak to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being loved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pauling paused again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Salvation ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Then maybe next time he won't be so quick on the trigger '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] took out a pencil , admired the point , and wrote slowly and heavily , `` Clothes Stand '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the last two years , this frontier of the arts has produced a number of so-called `` non-dramas '' which have left indelible , bittersweet impressions on the psyche of this veteran theatregoer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Altogether fifteen virtually unknown [FILTERED] and Hart songs are sung by a quintet of able vocalists . (Filtered Words: 1)
Additionally , the proscription of core - Negro marriages for core families , discussed above , would seem to act as a regulative norm governing subgroups and roles . (Filtered Words: 0)
No comments by U.S. (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was mentioned in 1602 in the will of [FILTERED] , widow of a Stratford glover . (Filtered Words: 2)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Last fall , after they took their hopes for entering Georgia to court , Judge [FILTERED] ordered them to apply again . (Filtered Words: 1)
The pretence was that he was delivering a prescription from Dr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Using [FILTERED]'s method , the fast-closing action is obtained from the blackening of a window by exploding a series of parallel lead wires . (Filtered Words: 1)
The possibility , as he asserted , that the Russians may get ahead of us or come closer to us because of their tests does not supply the needed ethical premise -- unless , of course , we have unwittingly become so brutalized that nuclear superiority is now taken as a moral demand . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fine '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moisture ran down the cheeks , gathered at the tip of the nose , and at the chin . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wants to pay you a visit . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you are not well acquainted with the area in which you wish to locate , or if you are not sure that you and your family will like and make a success of farming , usually you would do better to rent a place for a year or two before you buy . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were both discouraged , disgusted and miserable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within their confines , moreover , technological and industrial growth has proceeded at an accelerated pace , thus increasing the cornucopia from which material wants can be satisfied . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fragrance and taste of any white wine will die a lingering death when it is allowed to warm or is exposed for long to the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
But automation and the increasing complexity of factories has renewed the competition for jobs . (Filtered Words: 0)
These qualities endeared him to both the musicians and the social-economic haute monde which supported the concert world of the post-World War 1 , era . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each will decide on his own course somewhere between these two extreme cases according to the sense of responsibility which is determined for him by the particular circumstances of his own life . (Filtered Words: 0)
As early as the 6th century B.C. the earth was seen to be spherical . (Filtered Words: 0)
( The Almaden vineyards have now climbed to this height . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every First Family seems to have one couple upon whom it relies for true friendship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take it out of me '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Near the end of his service he wrote that when the war was over he was going to buy two pups , name one of them `` Fall-in '' and the other `` Close-up '' , and then shoot them both , `` and that will be the end of Fall-in and Close-up '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s findings , though far from complete , are likely to smash many an eating cliche . (Filtered Words: 1)
After luncheon we took advantage of the siesta period to try to get in touch with a few people to whom our dear friend Deppy had written . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was easier to think now , [FILTERED] decided . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What's the matter with it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's your headache . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would not make a sound until the President had wakened and left for the office ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Orlando , Oct. 10 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Dartmouth's favorite and most characteristic recreation is skiing . (Filtered Words: 0)
And projecting wickedly through these curtains were the gleaming muzzles of six rifles , all trained on [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since morale is closely related to pattern maintenance and integration , the higher the morale and solidarity , the better the system can solve the problems of the system . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now he was going to show how much he knew . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their own words , it had aided them to get a clearer picture of how they had gotten into their marriages , and perhaps they had obtained some insights on why certain troubles appeared from time to time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Alma , Schmalma . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two men he did not recognize were sipping coffee and munching sweet rolls . (Filtered Words: 0)
This could also be used for any other skin irritation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Didn't occur to me my child would be kidnaped when I had it listed '' , Andrus muttered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parker meant business . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a moment he felt like a thief discovered . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is characterized by the presence of incompletely developed secondary lobules ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Supplementing the actual art are memorabilia -- correspondence , diaries , books from the artist's library , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the area of `` community health services '' , the President called for doubling the present 10 million dollar a year federal grants for nursing home construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not for me , but perhaps just the thing for you . (Filtered Words: 0)
If she avoided the train and hired a buggy , the stableman might have recognized her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ford urged Morgan to capture these men , who , he thought , might be disguised as [FILTERED] or peasants . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the event the total of rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement is different from the rupee equivalent of $1,276 million , the amounts available for the purposes specified in paragraph 1 , Article 2 , will be adjusted proportionately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ritter is the builder of Oakwood Heights and president of Kahler-Craft Distributors , Inc. , Newburgh , N.Y. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately the number of pathological bigots appears to be quite small , but it would be a mistake to think that more than a matter of degree separates them from the rest of us . (Filtered Words: 0)
In The Publick Spirit of the [FILTERED] , it may be noted , Swift himself contemptuously dismissed [FILTERED]'s reference to his friend at court : `` I suppose by the Style of old Friend , and the like , it must be some Body there of his own Level ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $4,000,000 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The numerical aperture should be in general close to unity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Treatment of the conjugates with ethyl acetate , and the conjugates ( which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride ) with mouse liver powder , sweet clover crown gall tissue powder , or healthy sweet clover proteins did not satisfactorily remove nonspecifically staining substances in the conjugates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within a week , however , I began to suspect that something was wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nineteenth-century immigration , whether Protestant or Roman Catholic , was not so much concerned , for very few if any among them held slaves : they were mostly in the Northern states where slavery had disappeared or was on the way out , or were too poverty-stricken to own slaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , we've got to get out of here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously I'm stuck on the line between the two countries '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This hypothesis is evolved in analogy to the demonstrated action of organic actives in detergency . (Filtered Words: 0)
use slip to join scored ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
Which probably would turn out to be true ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You ought to shake '' , [FILTERED] advised them . (Filtered Words: 1)
He couldn't appear as a composer now . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some time the Communists honored the distinction between the Soviet zone of Germany and the Soviet sector of Berlin by promulgating separately the laws for the two areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
We did that . (Filtered Words: 0)
One day in a bar , so the legend goes , someone put a beer stein with too much force on the monacle and broke it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its oil for heating is metered monthly to each home from a line that starts at a central storage point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place cylinder on a disk of clay slightly larger than cylinder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Low temperature thermometry . (Filtered Words: 0)
information on foreign and domestic import duties and regulations , licensing , investments , and establishing of branch representatives or plants abroad , and documentary requirements concerning export shipments and arrangements for payment . (Filtered Words: 0)
We suggested this Class in the horse world and it was accepted immediately and included in the programs of horse shows . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually the Atlanta campaign was a military failure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Madden inquired next about the audit of the scholarship fund . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I should think so '' , Eugenia said . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , admit or not , [FILTERED] was helpless . (Filtered Words: 1)
She has small , broad , capable hands and an enormous energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
With faint heart and a brave smile , I endured his long absences from Chateau Belletch , his coldness , his indifference , his slights and his abuse . (Filtered Words: 0)
A modern cotton gin plant costs in the neighborhood of $250,000 , and it's a safe assumption that a large percentage of new gins in the U.S. and foreign countries contain machinery made in this area . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cut off excess screw lengths and file flush with either frame or nut . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he thought of a time when [FILTERED]'s horse had fallen lame in the Gap . (Filtered Words: 1)
He said he had not heard of anybody else . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the center of his brilliant curls sat a small black skullcap . (Filtered Words: 0)
( He'd get the engine oil flowing with an electric heater under a big canvas cover . (Filtered Words: 0)
If `` [FILTERED] the Courtier '' is really to be taken as Swift , the following remark is obviously Steele's comment on Swift's change of parties and its effect on their friendship : `` I assure you , dear [FILTERED] , when I first found out such an Allay in you , as makes you of so malleable a Constitution , that you may be worked into any Form an Artificer pleases , I foresaw I should not enjoy your Favour much longer '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] suggests the economic evils of such a society on the first page of his novel in the description of [FILTERED]'s five little dead brothers `` who gave up trying to get a living exceedingly early in that universal struggle '' , who seemed to have `` all been born on their backs with their hands in their trousers-pockets , and had never taken them out in this state of existence '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Generally , these locks on turnouts are called `` facing point locks '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is obvious that the careful choice of photocathode which maximizes Af for a given input E ( in the case of the second stage , for the first phosphor screen emission ) is very important . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were , in a sense , `` tried out '' in realistic situations . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a few innings the Anniston team couldn't figure him out . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was only fitting that we seek out whatever joy our union might bring . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sample copies of new books are on display at headquarters , where librarians may evaluate them by themselves or in workshop groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He may find even moderate physical exertion uncomfortable , because excess body fat hampers his breathing and restricts his muscular movement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hughes said that he had understood the party was to be in honour of [FILTERED] , the proprieter of a Loop gambling house . (Filtered Words: 1)
They started on the 4th hole , a 220-yard par-3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The research team was very mindful of these dangers and limitations of a mail questionnaire . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm sorry '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Premier [FILTERED] wrecked the conference at its initial session with a bitter denunciation of the U. S. for the U-2 incident . (Filtered Words: 1)
Long-range state planning (Filtered Words: 0)
And I select this sentence as its pertinent summation : `` in essence the drama of his ( [FILTERED]'s ) Presidency can be described as the ordeal of a nation turned conservative and struggling -- thus far with but limited and precarious success -- to give effective voice and force to that conservatism '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The purpose of this fourth voyage was clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Approximately 1.8 million acres of rangelands and 9.4 million acres of timberlands would be treated in this period . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , we've got to get out of here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ever since the fourth century a controversy had raged over the person of Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , the list also excludes all writers who are fairly `` optimistic '' about the modern situation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
World production of coffee broke all previous records in 1959 and 1960 at more than 5 million tons . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You don't understand '' , [FILTERED] said gloomily . (Filtered Words: 1)
Didn't they tell you what I wanted the p. a. system for '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Now that's not regulation , is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In a long , rambling ranch , two such units can be installed , one serving the living area , the other the sleeping zone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Harmony , melody , counterpoint symphonic structure are there ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] has served as teacher and principal in Oklahoma high schools , as teacher and athletic director at Raymondville , Texas , High School , as an instructor at the University of Oklahoma , and as an associate professor of education at Fort Hays , Kan. , State College . (Filtered Words: 1)
The long , unhurried approach and the deliberate prolongation of fore-play work on several levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
He seeks to make his dancers more `` godlike '' by relating them to the impersonal elements of shape , light , color , and sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had the same bullet head of curly reddish hair but he didn't have [FILTERED]'s pokerfaced humor or his brains or his charm . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Very well '' , Payne said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Painting `` a secco '' is much in evidence . (Filtered Words: 0)
A 60 mm. mortar and a 57 mm. recoilless rifle owned by Lauchli were brought along . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the return of our soldiers , it soon became apparent that the belief was not shared by the great majority of citizens . (Filtered Words: 0)
These stores are still there , but the volume of the `` downtown store '' has been on a relative decline , while in many cities the suburban `` branch '' sells more and more dry goods . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1879 the same [FILTERED] , with [FILTERED] , formed the `` American Telegraph Line '' , extending from Manchester Depot via Factory Point and South Dorset to Dorset . (Filtered Words: 2)
They have indicated the direction but they have not been explicit enough , I believe , in pointing out [FILTERED]'s independence , his questioning if not indeed challenging the Southern tradition . (Filtered Words: 1)
But the older and wiser heads had dismissed his warning as alarmist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would agriculture progress as rapidly as industry ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He walked rapidly along the buildings scanning their facades : one was a club -- that was out ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Cool '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
A new radial drill press with a 16 inch capacity has a tilting head that allows drilling to be done at any angle . (Filtered Words: 0)
The radar station with the best location was still not serviceable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Watson-Watt's remarks in SR did not then , constitute a review of the book but a rebuttal to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is therefore necessary to consider the properties of pituitary TSH if the fragmentary chemical information about blood TSH is to be discussed rationally . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am a sophomore at Mount Pleasant High School . (Filtered Words: 0)
We use terms from our personal experience with individuals such as `` trust '' , `` cheat '' , and `` get tough '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we never know how long a scene is going to take '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The average Congolese can do little more than puzzle out the meaning of `` la chatte '' and `` le chien '' and write his name . (Filtered Words: 0)
Greatest thing that ever happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
With curiosity and elan , he explored every inch of glen , beach and burn , once stranding himself for hours on a ledge high up a sheer seventy-foot cliff and waiting with calm faith to be rescued by Maxwell , who nearly lost his life in doing so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boston , June 16 (Filtered Words: 0)
All through The Republic , [FILTERED] attends to the way art relates to the general life and ultimately to a good life for his citizens . (Filtered Words: 1)
A restricted frontage may be too crowded an area for public use . (Filtered Words: 0)
About the murder '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it is thought by many who think about such things that Quasimodo is the logical culmination of a school that started with [FILTERED] , progressed through [FILTERED] and the cubist [FILTERED] , and blossomed just recently in Pollock and De Kooning . (Filtered Words: 3)
Sonar can be used to measure the thickness of the heart by placing small crystal transducers at opposite sides of the heart or blood vessel and exciting one with some pulsed ultrasonic energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consulting Electrical Engineer , (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] , of Princeton , N.J. , is a native of Chester , Pa. He joined NYU in September , 1960 . (Filtered Words: 1)
In time , and two drinks later , he was complaining bitterly about his wife , He was on the subject for ten minutes or so when he noticed the renewed interest in his listener -- it showed in the alert face and the suddenly bright eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was again reclassified 1-a by the local board . (Filtered Words: 0)
in one thing I know it will usually be on the predicator know . (Filtered Words: 0)
, across the envelope , and now Theresa had it , all as easily as if she had been the President of the Republic or the Pope . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three of the four persons present , all foreign students in Tokyo , had been playing a game of judging popular Japanese foods by the In and Out system , an equation in which Zen philosophy was used as the modifier . (Filtered Words: 0)
In seconds all four cars were out of sight . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the third Push-Pull Super-Set the `` push '' exercise is the widegrip Pushup Between Bars , while the `` pull '' exercise is the Moon Bench Lateral Raise with bent arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now she must be thinking of a boy-name , something special . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each point on C , as a vertex , may possess a finite number of corresponding diagonal points by the above construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm [FILTERED] the Fifth . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then , with staring eyes and lips drawn thin , [FILTERED] said to the young woman , `` You are ugly -- uglier than you used to be , and you were always very ugly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Two unsolved mysteries are based on these facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
theologians have been stressing the fact that the Church does not exist for its own sake but as a testimony in the world for the healing of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The elegiac tone is Hardy's natural tone of voice , and it is not surprising that the 1912 - 13 poems are consistently and unmistakably his . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then off again , rushing to keep up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reverend [FILTERED] preached to them about Demetrius and the shrines of Ephesus . (Filtered Words: 1)
We moved down Broadway from ginmill to ginmill . (Filtered Words: 0)
This method of rinsing appears to produce maximum cleansing with minimum soil redeposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nowhere in Isfahan is this rich aesthetic life of the Persians shown so well as during the promenade at the Khaju bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it will include 200-odd officeholders , organization leaders and `` interested party people '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Years of patient application of compost and leaf mulching has changed the structure of the soil and its water-holding capacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if The Prince fancied women and was fascinated by foreigners , he could be haughtiness personified to his subordinates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look what those little European jobs are doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
A good man departs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Investigations on the acceleration of human plasma cholinesterase were carried further . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , Dr. [FILTERED] has studied at Rhode Island State College and Massachusetts Institute of Technology . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Don't you dare '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or the mildly epigrammatic utterance ( also a quotation ) : `` Woman's place is in the wrong '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance : (Filtered Words: 0)
The lower portion provides a rating at any stage between infancy and adulthood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Late in the afternoon , I was up on Seven again . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've solved the mystery of the little bag . (Filtered Words: 0)
How long you may stay outside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its entire complement of non-commissioned officers on the platoon level had departed as cadre for another unit , and its vehicles were still those used in the drive across Luzon in World War 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
While it is easy enough to ridicule [FILTERED]' pronouncement in Pleas Of The Crown from a metaphysical point of view , the concept of the `` oneness '' of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Jed's homestead is on the south bank '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a while , we became aware that the money was disappearing as fast as we replenished it . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Let me help him , for the love of God ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In many cases it is not possible to divide the process into a finite number of discrete stages , since the state of the stream is transformed in a continuous manner through the process . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They were all faded . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the top of the hill the buildings on the left gave way to a park . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turning , the girl saw [FILTERED] standing between , his narrow shoulders unbent , his arms hanging long and resigned . (Filtered Words: 1)
The fact that companies on the AIA lists were already participating in the defense program because of the manner of their selection . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My reputation's my stock in trade '' , [FILTERED] mentioned more than once . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was all my doing -- his seeing her . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also complained that not enough notice was given on the hearing , since the bill was introduced only last Monday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of them sincerely believe that the use of liquor in any form or in any degree is intrinsically evil and sinful . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was my nephew , my brother's son , handsome and warm and newly-scrubbed , with happiness upon his face and his face resembled my brother's and mine as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too many times was the truth of it , [FILTERED] thought . (Filtered Words: 1)
As you approach the church on the Via D. Baullari you are passing within yards of the remains of the Roman Theatre of Pompey , near which is believed to have been the place where Julius Caesar was assassinated . (Filtered Words: 0)
With modern techniques of woodworking and the multitude of cutting tools , fixtures , and attachments available , the drill press has become a basic home workshop tool . (Filtered Words: 0)
All Southerners agree that slavery had to go ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now in the mere fact of the beginning of such displacement we have prima-facie evidence of the ontological weakness of the fading form . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parichy-Hamm (Filtered Words: 0)
the rewards prompt and juicy in modern big-business America . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fighters were separated in a few minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The German's words worked on the newspaperman like a reprieve from an odious duty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel said that schools and synagogues occupied most of the buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , in Shaking The Dust From Shakespeare ( 216 ) , writes : `` There is not a word spoken by [FILTERED] which one would expect from a real Jew '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
He bogeyed the 15th by missing a short putt and finally scrambled through the last three holes without further mishap for a 2-over-par 74 and a 72-hole total of 280 . (Filtered Words: 0)
1960 witnessed another substantial increase in our industry's shipments of military electronics , which totalled about $5.4 billion compared to $4.9 billion in 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] declared she couldn't lift her head from the pillow . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] wished these poor farm people would turn their backs . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Aren't you sure '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Earlier , this woman had been so filled with a chaotic variety of introjects that at times , when she was in her room alone , it would sound to a passerby as though there were several different persons in the room , as she would vocalize in various kinds of voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] may wear this only at night or for a few hours during the day . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nothing would change , nothing would ever change . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sensation he so overwhelmingly realized was one which told him he had been there before but he knew he had not , and could not recall any place he had visited to be likened to the limpid green water or the little fountain-falls or the green demon imprisoned beyond his reach . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Having all the guns makes you a big man , don't it , Adams ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Does she accurately give dates , ages , kind of occupation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be sure the bugs and dirt are blown out of the radiator fins . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dulles ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They are also honest seekers after truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
They even talked about Lucille down at the Young Christians' League where I spent a lot of time in Bible classes and helping out with the office work for our foreign mission . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brenner's voice was oily , but Summers wasn't fooled . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ugh '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The remedies have been many and varied -- attempts to teach management techniques -- either in plant , at special schools , or in university `` crash '' courses -- provision of management-trained assistants or associates . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's a big boat anchored near the Place De La Concorde , with a swimming pool in it -- didn't you notice it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A great deal of labor we have as well , for we are too uncertain of where trust may be placed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Issue no. 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
The sentry was not dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
We erect a square with PQ as a side and with free corners Af and Af adjacent to P and Q respectively . (Filtered Words: 0)
We tumbled to a stop in Deacon [FILTERED]'s cow hole , a low-lying bit of pasture with a muddy pool of water in its middle . (Filtered Words: 1)
He did not deny God ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And the automobiles that stream out of Hanover each weekend , toward Smith and Wellesley and Mount Holyoke , are no less rakish than those leaving Cambridge or West Philadelphia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nickel-iron meteorites with sufficient kinetic energy to produce large terrestrial explosion craters may nevertheless melt only small quantities of material . (Filtered Words: 0)
A visit in the early spring after a thaw will be very informative . (Filtered Words: 0)
People today are aware of the value of orthodontics , and as a result there are more practitioners in the field . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or that's what it looked like at the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
By applying this general principle , a great number of complex compounds of osmium , ruthenium , iridium , and rhenium , with triphenylphosphine , triphenylarsine , and triphenylstibine have been obtained in this laboratory during the past few years . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw it all at a glance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our military forces must be capable of contending successfully with any contingency which may be forced upon us , from limited emergencies to all-out nuclear general war . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could learn at second hand from books , but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got hit from the blind side by the split end coming back on the second play of the game . (Filtered Words: 0)
by this term he means to ridicule their professions of acting in the interest of the Church despite their own education and manner of life -- a gibe , in other words , at the `` Presbyterianism '' in Harley's family and at Bolingbroke's reputed impiety . (Filtered Words: 0)
I tried not to act scared . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adolescents have a much-discussed tendency to polarize ideas and values , to perceive things as `` either-or '' , black or white -- nuances of meaning are relatively unimportant . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , [FILTERED] , but I ain't got poor old [FILTERED]'s body yet . (Filtered Words: 2)
Spectra were obtained over the temperature range of 77 - 294-degrees-K . (Filtered Words: 0)
There the buffalo would roam , to be seen as a tapestry , not as moth-eaten zoo specimens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally , the patient does not say , `` I hate my father '' , or `` Sibling rivalry is what bugs me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no hint of a violent struggle now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whereas [FILTERED]'s `` center '' position is structurally inconsistent and is therefore indefensible on formal grounds alone , the general position of the `` right '' , as represented , say , by [FILTERED] , involves the rejection or at least qualification of the demand for demythologization and so is invalidated on the material grounds we have just considered . (Filtered Words: 2)
He wants me to do everything for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It took me a moment to realize what was odd about that panel : there was a gimbaled compass welded to it , which rocked gently back and forth as the Land Rover bounced about . (Filtered Words: 0)
The incident , aside from reflecting on Welch's political career , had all but wrecked his home life . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the other people there were listening ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Rector had no idea why [FILTERED] wanted to visit the mission . (Filtered Words: 1)
Occasionally , the children find steamed , whole-wheat grains for cereal which they call `` buckshot '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He lived in a very dark world , but he was not in the dark . (Filtered Words: 0)
And many advertisers have been happy with the results of letting a Negro disc jockey phrase the commercial in his own words , working only from a fact sheet . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was no trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sensitive often seems to smell definite odors , too , or subjectively feels emotions . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Watch it , big shot '' , a hoarse voice yelled back . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had had a party with a regular visitor , Dr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her white blond hair was clean and brushed long straight down to her shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Aristotle kept the principle of levels and even augmented it by describing in the Poetics what kinds of character and action must be imitated if the play is to be a vehicle of serious and important human truths . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am taking the position that the contract was clearly violated '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Or someone had taken it during her first day at Honotassa . (Filtered Words: 0)
Replace it with the statue of one or another of the world's famous dictators . (Filtered Words: 0)
The New York mind is two parts abstraction and one part misinformation about the rest of the country and in fact the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
10% of them worried about their friends , neighbors , and relatives , most of whom were quite capable of taking care of themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Segovia has written about [FILTERED] : (Filtered Words: 1)
In spite of his being well liked there were a few people who were very careful about Alfred . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not a chance of opening here Nov. 28 -- barring that miracle . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Player's real test came on the ninth hole , a downhill dogleg to the left measuring 420 yards . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gun moved . (Filtered Words: 0)
His body processes only slowed down enough for him to dispell fatigue poisons . (Filtered Words: 0)
) But Speaker [FILTERED] , after huddling in Palm Beach with President-elect [FILTERED] , decided that this year something had to be done about the Rules Committee -- and that he was the only man who could do anything effective . (Filtered Words: 2)
However , the problem of consumer acceptability remains . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of such hidden meanings the patient himself is , more often than not , entirely unaware . (Filtered Words: 0)
State governments have been taking the lead in establishing area vocational schools , but their focus is still on area job opportunities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ever yours sincerely , (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasionally they heard gun-shot signals and a number of horsemen were sighted on the hills , disappearing at the posse's approach . (Filtered Words: 0)
Circumstances alter cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then fill the system and add a rust inhibitor . (Filtered Words: 0)
although we didn't expect the attack before dawn , the long cloudy night , filled with the sounds of the industrious insects , seemed endless . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was no schoolgirl , refusing to bear tales . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were to conciliate the unfriendly savages , and , wherever possible , to incite the natives to pillage the traders from Carolina . (Filtered Words: 0)
This includes driers , cleaners , burr extractors , separators and piping that's located above gin stands in a complete gin . (Filtered Words: 0)
In seconds , [FILTERED] made his decision . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No , you cannot '' , I said , pushing aside the water jar he offered to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This team set a precedent that could be valuable in the future '' , [FILTERED] pointed out . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] chuckled . (Filtered Words: 1)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Right '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta , as every artist delights to do , wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and -- especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair -- into the relations of men and women : `` In their relations , she was the giver and he the receiver , nay the demander . (Filtered Words: 0)
When might [FILTERED] have had that moment to hold her child on her lap ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
-- Opportunities for study of the Christian faith and the Bible (Filtered Words: 0)
Nutritious and a cholesterol reducer (Filtered Words: 0)
How often have I looked to Jesus when entering the sick room , asking for His presence and help in my professional duties as I give my talents not only as the world giveth but as one who loves the Saviour and His creatures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presently , the intense absorption of ultra-violet rays in the earth's atmosphere seriously hinders ground observation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interviews with several church leaders have disclosed that this development has raised the question whether the Peace Corps will be able to prevent confusion for church and state over methods , means and goals . (Filtered Words: 0)
A careful and orderly man , who values precision and a kind of tough intellectual responsibility , might easily be put off by such a book . (Filtered Words: 0)
Philip Staffe , the ship's carpenter , was a good worker , but perversely independent . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Approximately 45% of the expenditures for the Department of Defense are for procurement , research , development , and construction programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The system is composed of three credit services , Federal Land Banks and National Farm Loan Associations , Federal Intermediate ( short-term ) Credit Banks , and Banks for Cooperatives . (Filtered Words: 0)
They opposed the Forand bill , which would have placed the major burden of financial support upon the individual himself through compulsory payroll deduction ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The stranger ignored him . (Filtered Words: 0)
a daughter , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Dorenzo , Calif. ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The detergent active is that substance which primarily acts to remove greasy soils . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] took the page from him and began reading it , moving her lips with the words . (Filtered Words: 1)
the many little tricks she knew made her embrace the ultimate one -- the ever more fantastic pressures deeper in her body squeezed not me but the air I breathed into a nitrogen anesthetic . (Filtered Words: 0)
He put it in his own pocket for safekeeping . (Filtered Words: 0)
With capital largely squandered , there seemed to them no other course to pursue . (Filtered Words: 0)
And to an industry that prides itself on authenticity , he urged greater realism . (Filtered Words: 0)
New York led in the number of inquiries , followed by California , New Jersey , Massachusetts , and Pennsylvania . (Filtered Words: 0)
( `` What did one tonsil say to the other tonsil ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She lost not a second , picking herself up and continuing her pilgrimage to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He does what he can and may and must , without regarding himself as lord of the future or , on the other hand , as covered with guilt by accident or unforeseen consequences or by results he did not `` permit '' in the sense explained . (Filtered Words: 0)
The transit can be replaced by an autocollimator . (Filtered Words: 0)
of a more alive time . (Filtered Words: 0)
as in a recent design competition with a floor plan and the simple command -- `` design a luxury apartment '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
However , since the pencil contains a secant of **zg it actually contains only Af singular lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shrugged casually . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bacterial and fungal enzymes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cappy looked down at his wide hands , and did not reply . (Filtered Words: 0)
If notched for the battens , they would require more work , be weakened and limber holes would have to be bored so that bilge water could flow through . (Filtered Words: 0)
The birds were really awake now in a colloquy of music , and light was beginning to creep across the room , touching sill and door , table and chair and all of Doaty's flowers in their artificial blossom and leaf . (Filtered Words: 0)
Crowds flocked through the waterfront streets chattering loudly in their strange-sounding Bengali tongue . (Filtered Words: 0)
He smoked , as did everybody , and imbibed the various alcoholic beverages of that day , although his protestations while at Cambridge and after that he was no drunkard point to reasonable abstinence from the wild drinking bouts of some of the undergraduates and , we must add , of some of their elders including many of the regents or teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bayreuth Festival opens July 23 with a new production of `` Tannhaeuser '' staged by [FILTERED] , who is doing all the operas this time , and conducted by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
He jumped back , ducked and ran , crouching , down the hill away from the school . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us have more benches and fewer forbidden areas around fountains and gardens . (Filtered Words: 0)
The absence of successful Negroes in the world of scholarship and science has tended to tamp down enthusiasm among Negro youth for academic careers . (Filtered Words: 0)
one here and one that's out quite a ways where there's usually curb parking '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some forms of capitalism do indeed work -- superb organizations , a credit to any society . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , take flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe you and me will , girlie , but these two ain't goin' nowhere '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's those two fucken niggers ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe in returning favors . (Filtered Words: 0)
They took nearly a month to investigate , marshal statistics , and put their arguments down in black and white . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although modern scholars have expressed surprise that `` the simple magic square of three '' , a mere `` mathematical puzzle '' , was able to exert a considerable influence on the minds and imaginations of the cultured Chinese for so many centuries , they could have found most of the answers right within the square itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , otherwise Hawk . (Filtered Words: 1)
He sprinted to the rail and leaped overboard into the shark-infested waters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of one thing we can be sure : they were not sketched out by the revolutionary theorists of the eighteenth century who formulated the political principles and originally shaped the political institutions of what we term the `` free society '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm going back to school '' , she answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider opportunity . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was also subtly familiar , for it was the odor of the human body , but multiplied innumerable times because of the fact that the aborigines never bathed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In answer to The Crisis , Swift produced The Publick Spirit Of The [FILTERED] , his most extensive and bitter attack on his old friend . (Filtered Words: 1)
Quickly , he went into the bedroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I paint the nothing '' , he said once to [FILTERED] and myself , `` the nothing that is behind the something , the inexpressible , unpaintable ' tick ' in the unconscious , the ' spirit ' of the moment resting forever , suspended like a huge balloon , in non-time '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Once again , as in the days of the Founding Fathers , America faces a stern test . (Filtered Words: 0)
Winking at Joel's look of shock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , because of the particular blot on your family escutcheon through what may only have been one unbridled moment on your grandmother's part , and because you had the lean-to kitchen and trundle bed of your childhood to outgrow , what you obviously most desired with both your conscious and unconscious person , what you bent your whole will , sensibility , and intelligence upon , was to be a lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
The speaker suggested that the desolation of a post-attack world would be too awful to face . (Filtered Words: 0)
It contained a desk , files , a typewriter on a stand , and two big leather armchairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus technical efficiency is achieved at the expense of actual experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 355 years since the first Guy Fawkes Night , much of the story has been forgotten , so here is a reminder '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can't throw . (Filtered Words: 0)
He laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , wife of an engineer and mother of a 23-year-old son , was awarded the top prize at a luncheon in the Beverly Hilton Hotel . (Filtered Words: 1)
He asked her severely . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sigmen love you , too , my guardian '' , said [FILTERED] , choking . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] does not caricature him , as some actors have been inclined to do . (Filtered Words: 1)
They trailed him across the wide hallway to the parlor , four roughly garbed and tough-looking men who probably had never before ventured into such a house . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the turtle ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He would bring her boxes of candy and other presents to coax a smile to her lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , there were 2 small papillary adenomas in the right kidney . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not exactly panic they gave way to , but they could not just sit there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then it disappeared into the wings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consequently , it is uncertain after nearly 12 months in office just which direction the [FILTERED] administration will take in the coming year . (Filtered Words: 1)
What had been an unmanageably powerful introject was now , despite its continuing charge of energy disconcerting to me , sufficiently within control of her ego that she could use it to show me what this introjected mother was like . (Filtered Words: 0)
I told [FILTERED] to move her down the hall where we had an examining table . (Filtered Words: 1)
Zenith absorbed Allstates , stock transfers were arranged , and [FILTERED] became president of the hyphenated combination . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` He's not your brother , he's Gavin's son . (Filtered Words: 0)
They bring an inextricable component of value within themselves , with attractions and repulsions native to their own quality . (Filtered Words: 0)
E . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cowbird Myra ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It also provides for the taxation of all personal property , belonging to inhabitants of the state , both tangible and intangible , and the tangible personal property of non-residents in this state . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Catholic priest , though somewhat superficially drawn , easily came out the best . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he had mistaken it for bugs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The company began operation in 1900 with hardware and oil mill supplies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just the tip of her tail was moving as she crouched , and she was treading lightly up and down with her hind feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is that a compliment '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Matching funds also can be obtained for procurement of such items as radios , sirens and rescue trucks , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stood there , a large old woman , smiling at the things she would say to him in the morning , this big foolish baby of a son . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's cheaper to buy Wall-Tex and cover your outdoor table . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he wanted to emphasize , or get greater intensity , he added or subtracted clay . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are reasonable assumptions with low viscosity fluids suspended in high viscosity fluids which are subjected to low rates of shear . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only chance of renovation is to open our eyes and see the mess . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , Here , I'll take this , I was before her , you wait on me now or I don't bother with it , see ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm sorry '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The planning division will take the initiative in encouraging planning cooperation at all levels of government ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Clumps of brush that they passed were so many enchained demons straining in anger to tear and gnaw on his bones . (Filtered Words: 0)
Little war , big test (Filtered Words: 0)
After more years of concentrated effort , [FILTERED] and his brother [FILTERED] finally established a thriving family business at the old stand . (Filtered Words: 2)
A cylinder's compression ratio is computed by comparing the cylinder's volume , or its displacement , with the total volume of the cylinder and its combustion chamber . (Filtered Words: 0)
The committee for the annual Central City fashion show has been announced by Mrs. [FILTERED] , chairman . (Filtered Words: 1)
Root and stem tumors from sweet clover plants infected with WTV were quick-frozen in liquid nitrogen , embedded in ice , and cut at 3 - 6 **ym in a cryostat maintained at -16-degrees to -20-degrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I aim to have it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asserted in the Continental Congress' Declaration of Rights that the demands of the colonies were in accordance with their charters , the British Constitution and the common law , and [FILTERED] appealed in the Declaration of Independence `` to the tribunal of the world '' for support of a revolution justified by `` the laws of nature and of nature's God '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
That is , everyone but Keith and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was the first blow that was always difficult . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the first glass of [FILTERED] d'Yquem or [FILTERED] is a great deal better than the last '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 2)
Oak Park , Aug. 8 (Filtered Words: 0)
Mines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Few artists have left a life work so eloquent of the period in which they lived . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grab , snatch , I saw that first ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He found that if he was tired enough at night , he went to sleep simply because he was too exhausted to stay awake . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was crying softly to himself , shedding his striped suit and fumbling into the nondescript butternut pants , the worn brown shirt . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I seem to remember '' , he said , `` that in an interview ten years ago you gave humor and comedy five years to live . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is significant , too , that the older teen-agers I interviewed believed , unlike the younger ones , that Jewish students tend to do better academically than their gentile counterparts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some special health requirements might have to be met . (Filtered Words: 0)
He too asked to see the same page . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was John who found the lion tracks . (Filtered Words: 0)
I swallowed hard and looked down at my feet plodding along beside [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Work that might cost $500 to $750 in the South could cost $750 to $1,200 in New York City or Chicago . (Filtered Words: 0)
So does cold weather . (Filtered Words: 0)
The day will come , in midsummer , when you find your plants becoming `` leggy '' , running to tall-growing foliage at the expense of blossoms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chromatography . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much information has been gathered relative to quantitative sampling and assesment techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] shook his head . (Filtered Words: 1)
I would try to memorize landmarks and saw in a half-hour that it was hopeless . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of what is said about his great men of history has already been said , and what has not is largely irrelevant to the contemporary scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shrugged . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are to be fed at a rate to provide 10 milligrams DES per head daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I realize that this is hardly the time to say it , Penny '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
From Gottingen ( 1801 ) where he stayed for 10 days , he wrote , `` The first question asked everywhere is about galvanism . (Filtered Words: 0)
The undersecretary's in there . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Every day . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have helped him . (Filtered Words: 0)
His wife didn't give a sign she'd heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within only a few years , foamed plastics materials have managed to grow into an integral , and important , phase of the plastics industry -- and the end is still not yet in sight . (Filtered Words: 0)
The others likewise had hidden themselves in the grass and the brush . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the preamble to the open-meeting statutes , collectively known as the Brown Act , the Legislature declares that `` the public commissions , boards and councils and other public agencies in this state exist to aid in the conduct of the people's business . (Filtered Words: 0)
reagents . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Old Man's very soul could have left him and flown down that street , but he wouldn't have had anyone know it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third crawling man forced himself erect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually it was no more than eight or ten minutes , and the sum of his reasoning came to this : (Filtered Words: 0)
With the exception of the Roman Catholic and the Orthodox Catholic Churches , most churches make no moral distinction between rhythm and mechanical or chemical contraceptives , allowing the couple free choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Halfway across the house , he could have smelled her morning perfume . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I rather like the music '' , Willis replied quietly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The suicide attempt looked to him like an opportunity to put his theory to the test . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather what Kornbluth and Pohl are really doing is warning against the dangers inherent in perfecting `` a science of man and his motives '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the course , one member has lost her husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not a breeze exactly , but a pocket of icy air that settled with a loathsome familiarity upon the deep confines of the grove , catching [FILTERED] in a leering embrace . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the outskirts of the rabble the [FILTERED] brothers and [FILTERED] shook their fists . (Filtered Words: 2)
Laban had more to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sighed . (Filtered Words: 0)
So he hides the mayonnaise . (Filtered Words: 0)
By-passing the military junta which has ruled Turkey since the overthrow of Premier [FILTERED] Menderes 17 months ago , the army general staff , led by Gen. [FILTERED] , had set a deadline for the parties to join in a national coalition government . (Filtered Words: 2)
To the contrary , through the past six weeks violence has been piled upon violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was a fun one '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A nice bachelor apartment in a place called the Lancaster Arms '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hold your fire '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Always and always , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Elsewhere others heard and stopped and waited , the women peering from their lodges then gathering in small , curious clusters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all sections are showing an upswing , however ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] are controllers , Mrs. [FILTERED] is treasurer and Mrs. [FILTERED] is in charge of admittance for the dancing at 9 P.m. . (Filtered Words: 3)
Most of the sights lie in the old section across the Golden Horn from the modern hotels . (Filtered Words: 0)
The slightest twitch would have parted the shoe entirely from the foot , yet the toes were still inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
The direct evidence on the micrometeorite environment near the Earth is obtained from piezoelectric sensors ( essentially microphones ) and from wire gages ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They were free . (Filtered Words: 0)
These cases in which light is already visible at the other end of the tunnel are ones which over the next few years will absorb the bulk of our capital assistance . (Filtered Words: 0)
In general , it appears that educational decisions and educational policies are made by people who intend to act in the interests of the society as a whole . (Filtered Words: 0)
Either poet could quickly and easily select words or phrases to supply his immediate requirements as he chanted out his lines , because the kennings and the epithets made possible the construction of systems of numerous synonyms for the chief common and proper nouns . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bathyrans ran a check on Globocnik and had only to conclude that he was in a tug of war with [FILTERED] and the civilian administrators . (Filtered Words: 1)
She'll move to [FILTERED] after years in Paris . (Filtered Words: 1)
And private tragedy became the chosen ground not of drama , but of the new , unfolding art of the novel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Civilization itself -- tradition -- falls out of existence when the human spirit itself becomes confused . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should not everyone have been awakened to it as an outstanding fact of our time that the nations poisoned by anti-Semitism proved less fortunate in regard to their own freedom than those whose citizens saved their Jewish compatriots from the transports ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm sure that males have something to do with that process '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The valley lay clear , and open to the eye , right up to the sharp-limbed line of gaunt , scoured hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last Friday the White House announced : (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 7 (Filtered Words: 0)
And he really feels that way , she thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
He reported that the city's contributions for animal care included $67,000 to the Women's S.P.C.A. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
a review of the philosophy of Communist leaders by [FILTERED] , another real estate agent who became interested as a philosophy major at the University of Miami ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He glanced down into his beard and muttered something in Yiddish . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather , they are impressed with the British Government's success in forcing -- and helping -- the British textile industry to shrink and to change over to other products . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Zeitgeist is not crazy as a loon or mad as a March hare ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm terribly upset '' , she told a girl-friend . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this essay , we are , along with most historians , interested in the more general or more inclusive ideas , that are so to speak `` writ large '' in history of literature where they recur continually . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , in general , we may argue that the student can direct the primary emphasis of his attention toward one or the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
I came under the spell of a younger group in the church led by the pastor's older son . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proof (Filtered Words: 0)
The aimless milling about of what had been a well-trained , well-organized crew struck [FILTERED] with horror . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is absurd of course to say that that one exclamation estranged me from the family I considered my very own , but there it hangs , a cooling void that broke our close connection with each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
I got a coin between my thumb and forefinger , leaned my elbows in a very natural and casual manner on top of the truck cab and flipped my little missile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Respondents' practices in participating in negotiated bidding for defense purposes ( Part D of the questionnaire ) 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the day of the deadline came and passed , and the men who had scoffed at the warnings laughed with satisfaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
She designed and supervised the building of the [FILTERED] , Michigan , house , most of which was constructed by one local carpenter who carried the heavy beams singly upon his shoulder . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yeller bellies '' were cattle of Mexican breed splotched on flank and belly with yellerish color . (Filtered Words: 0)
A rabbit punch redoubled him . (Filtered Words: 0)
A more tenable explanation for the change in reactions is that the added knowledge and increased familiarity with the total situation made it possible for these subjects to be less guarded and to relax , since any reaction seemed acceptable to the examiner as `` normal '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
9 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Six months later , [FILTERED] stood in the observation dome of the [FILTERED] and watched the ball of Earth dwindle above him . (Filtered Words: 2)
for `` surely anything is better than a policy which allows for the possibility of nuclear war '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have a tremendous amount of talent -- but we lack cohesion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ahead were perilous , ice-filled waters . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s fingers closed on the stick trigger . (Filtered Words: 1)
The fire department here has been torn for months by dissension involving top personnel and the fight between the fire fighters association and the teamsters union . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm was not asleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dosages in the three levels of the vertical profile were : Af (Filtered Words: 0)
There are four rather obvious ways to reduce or eliminate the vulnerability of aircraft on the ground : (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be noted that point f has seven nearest neighbors , h and e have six , and p has only one , while the remaining points have intermediate numbers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Carleton Social Co-operative is a standing committee of the Carleton Student Association . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked out through windowpanes turned a faint violet by sun and weather , looked out at King's Bridge toward [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The farm program will cost an additional 1.5 billion , because of unusual weather factors , the Food for Peace program and other new measures . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , it came out after Mr. [FILTERED]'s will was settled -- he had died the year before -- that John and his mother weren't rich any more . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is clearly a deficiency in T . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think maybe you're right , Schaffner '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think I'll sleep in this morning '' , she said drowsily , and as she snuggled against him , he wondered if she ever went to church . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then he thought Todman might be right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never again did he enter into the ritual of showing the apartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
it presumes both speed and urgency and it demands cutting -- both from pursued to pursuer and from stage to stage of the journey of both . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only by means of an intensive preoccupation with the detailed considerations following from any decision can he ensure attention to the practical details to be dealt with if the implications of immorality in the major decision are effectively to be checked . (Filtered Words: 0)
my name is [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is not worth shucks . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is no dextrous-fingered college boy but rather a dedicated , humble , and bashful apostle of this instrument . (Filtered Words: 0)
First Kentucky . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the attack was made from an advance copy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet it seems clear that there can be no good sufficiently great , or evil repelled sufficiently grave , to warrant the destruction of mankind by man's own action . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , you can take no special credit for this . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a few important and a few more unimportant exceptions , no expression can be deemed le mot juste for its context , because each was very probably the only expression that long-established practice and ease of rapid recitation would allow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the fact that the lower channel line was pierced had further forecasting significance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The amount which may be borrowed from the SBA depends on how much is required to carry out the intended purpose of the loan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Student Council officers announced today the [FILTERED] family would be given the combined proceeds from a school dance held two weeks ago , and another dance for [FILTERED]'s 770 students this Friday night . (Filtered Words: 2)
it is only a matter of adjusting accounting methods , careful fiscal planning and management , or some like combination of techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
Skeptics may deny the more startling phenomena of dreams as things they have never personally observed , but failure to wonder at their basic mystery is outright avoidance of routine evidence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where sewing is concerned , I'm a total loss . (Filtered Words: 0)
the purpose was less immediate . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , child welfare experience abounds with cases in which the parental request for substitute care is precipitated by a crisis event which is meaningfully linked with a fundamental unresolved problem of family relationships . (Filtered Words: 0)
It should also make him desire to participate actively in civic , school and religious life of the community so that that phase of Newark will live up to the challenge presented by this exhibit . (Filtered Words: 0)
The right to leave legacies should be substantially reduced and ultimately eliminated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as [FILTERED] the eccentric stands behind [FILTERED] the detective , so [FILTERED] the potential criminal lurks behind both . (Filtered Words: 1)
His maneuvering for the shot had placed him near the overcast , almost inverted and heading up into the clouds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before making the news public [FILTERED] sent an officer with the note to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Berlin's resilience is amazing , but if it has to hire its labor in the West the struggle will be hard indeed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither has Congressman [FILTERED] nor Senator [FILTERED] been heard from on the matter ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
This will not only protect the work table , but also assure a clean breakthrough . (Filtered Words: 0)
We stand more in awe of one another than most people . (Filtered Words: 0)
To be sure , in tool-and-die work and in the building trades , the first job must be often on an apprentice basis , but two years of half-time vocational training enables the young man thus to anticipate one year of apprentice status . (Filtered Words: 0)
A letter awaited her at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is the purpose of Armed Forces Day to give Americans an opportunity to honor men of the Armed Forces , those who have made the supreme sacrifice , those who remain to preserve our security . (Filtered Words: 0)
Long-term trend of traffic on these roads seems clearly upward . (Filtered Words: 0)
To secure precise measurements of these frequencies , a research program in free radical microwave spectroscopy has been started . (Filtered Words: 0)
Go out of the furrow , snake , I said , but it did not move at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , the only conceivable alternatives are those represented , on the one hand , by the two at least apparently self-consistent but mutually exclusive positions of Buri and Barth and , on the other hand , by the third but really pseudo position ( analogous to a round square ) of Bultmann . (Filtered Words: 0)
The flow rate remained relatively constant during the winter months as shown in Table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only those story tellers will remain who can `` imitate the style of the virtuous '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It must be that son who sat before her now , shriveled to half his size and half his senses . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] to be alone , Theresa climbed the splendid outdoor staircase that opened to her left . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nothing was found . (Filtered Words: 0)
Roll clay to thickness indicated in individual instructions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Congress should then be asked to give the Peace Corps a firm legislative foundation for the next fiscal year . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can I tell you a secret ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A Western cowpony had outrun an African lion , from a standing start . (Filtered Words: 0)
They can have as much tactile appeal as flesh and bone '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said that he had already told the police chief that he didn't know what insurance man had recommended Johnston to Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
For a moment she held her face to the empty doorway ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Order of Elks , Lodge No. 142 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Assign a series of catechism questions to be memorized . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both lived in Georgetown , were unattached , and shared an active social life . (Filtered Words: 0)
hear that [FILTERED] flies up to St. John's Newfoundland , next Sunday to attend the government's special ceremonies at Memorial University honoring distinguished sons and daughters of the island province . (Filtered Words: 1)
Read your daily newspaper ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mortar is poured between this bracing and the 4-inch blocks on edge to complete the wall thickness for radiation shielding . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prettier , she'd do her hair another way ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was possessive in his manner and , though a slave , obviously was educated after a fashion and imitated the manners of his owners . (Filtered Words: 0)
special equipment required for registering respiration and for recording the contraction of smooth muscles under various conditions was developed by the Instruments Section ( Victor Jackman , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
I come early in the morning '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
if he wanted to leave me something let it be a trinket , nothing else . (Filtered Words: 0)
Put cut pieces on plaster board to dry to firm leather-hard state . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is determined to make this dive . (Filtered Words: 1)
They have a sense of marginality at being denied that special badge of status , the out-of-town school . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cracking mechanism (Filtered Words: 0)
The maid answered and he decided Nancy must be at work . (Filtered Words: 0)
In order to attract additional industry that is compatible with this community it is all the more important to present to the industrial prospect an orderly balance in the tax structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he was on his way at a gallop . (Filtered Words: 0)
The candle had been stuck on a tin lid so it wouldn't set fire to the crate when it guttered out . (Filtered Words: 0)
This use is expected to increase to about 50 million visits by 1972 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pa laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Patience needed (Filtered Words: 0)
Add enough warmed cream , seasoned to taste with onion juice , to about half cover the chicken breasts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can we discover what it is in Utopia that has evoked this response ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost entirely original articles in journals ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Griffith looked half-crocked to the captain ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
D (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have nine hundred and eleven members in our charge '' , Mama announced , `` and three hundred and eighty Sunday-school scholars '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one patted the dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the same reason , the output fiber plate is planoconcave , its exposed flat side permitting contact photography if a permanent record is desired . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] shrugged . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was most strange woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not hard to find that concurrence of opinion which Fromm finds so remarkable when you ignore all who hold a different opinion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too often in the past Russian tactics have been used to justify like tactics on our part . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor [FILTERED] wrote : `` (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Maybe you'd better tell the guy who hired you what I said '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making , network structure seems to be paramount , and without monitoring no network has value . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gavin paused wearily . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` At what university did you study '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Such mannerisms would be less worthy of remark , were it not that in Great Expectations , as in no other of [FILTERED]' novels , hands serve as a leitmotif of plot and theme -- a kind of unifying symbol or natural metaphor for the book's complex of human interrelationships and the values and attitudes that motivate them . (Filtered Words: 1)
That night the older men got to talking about going possum-hunting on a moonlight night . (Filtered Words: 0)
down in the broil of the sun he was becoming dried out . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled , and the teeth gleamed in her beautifully modeled olive face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ace of spades -- a widow , that was what they called a widow , these low-class crooks remembered Mr. [FILTERED] distractedly . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I think we'd better let it lay until we get a clearer picture of the ecological setup around here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , apparently happier under new managers , Mays and [FILTERED] , the perfect players , are behaving as though they're going to pass those previous peaks . (Filtered Words: 1)
His heart seemed to swell and knock against the wall of his chest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once these conditions of international law are met , countries that try to run the blockade do so at their own risk . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This is my hen ledger '' , he informed him in an absorbed way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Silently , [FILTERED] picked up her keys from the table and went out into the cockpit , Poet behind her , [FILTERED] trailing behind him . (Filtered Words: 2)
Pope [FILTERED] , on the 13th day of December 1898 , granted the following indulgences : `` An indulgence of three hundred days is granted to all the Faithful who read the Holy Gospels at least a quarter of an hour . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is only one sense in which it is valid to talk about Hardy's development : he did develop toward a more consistent and more effective control of that tone which we recognize as uniquely his . (Filtered Words: 0)
as a complex it fits into the whole social organization and functions dominantly in every part of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
His fingers touched the bone handle of a knife . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bomb Berlin ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyway , I pulled a bottle of [FILTERED] out of my topcoat , drew the cork , and passed it to her . (Filtered Words: 1)
Anaconda : (Filtered Words: 0)
In support of the emphasis placed by the Department of Defense on instruction in emergency medical care , the Medical Illustration Service developed casualty simulation kits and rescue breathing manikins which are being field tested ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We were given a job and we carried it out , and later , his case was taken up by the Disciplinary Committee . (Filtered Words: 0)
If disobeyed , the result is turmoil and chaos . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of a missile's ballistic trajectory , the location of a fixed target must be known quite accurately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any failure to file timely returns or make estimated tax payments when due must be fully explained . (Filtered Words: 0)
If so , then it is clear that in saying the suffering was bad we are not expressing our feelings only . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed no . (Filtered Words: 0)
They indicated that no new errors were being made and that all old errors would be corrected `` within 60 days '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That bank handles most of the paper work for Diversified Growth Stock Fund , Fundamental Investors , Diversified Investment Fund and Television-Electronics Fund . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had the feeling that , under the mouldering leaves , there would be the bodies of dead animals , quietly decaying and giving their soil back to the mountain . (Filtered Words: 0)
And while the nation was formerly named `` The Islamic Republic of Pakistan '' , it is now simply `` The Republic of Pakistan '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This will prevent the clay from twisting or bending , causing warping when fired . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question of epidemic disease merits some discussion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually questions from the floor were directed to the non-Catholic speaker or discussion leader . (Filtered Words: 0)
But that was ridiculous , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Jorge '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the author , who seemed the embodiment of France's rising spirit of resistance to her conquerors , was much complimented for his daring military action . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since Election Day , Vice President [FILTERED] had virtually retired -- by his own wish -- from public view . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He went to the room he had rented and got into his overcoat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fromm's analysis of alienation in the sphere of production centers around the concepts of the bureaucratization of the corporation , the separation of ownership from control , and the broad ( and thus from the point of view of corporate control , ineffective ) dispersion of stock ownership . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could have been [FILTERED] or [FILTERED] for the way it smelled . (Filtered Words: 2)
All evening [FILTERED] had been as demure as a little girl getting ready for her first communion . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sesame seed , which comes from the tall pods of a plant grown in Egypt , Brazil , and Central America , has a toasted-nut flavor and can be used in almost any dish calling for almonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
This broad delegation leaves within our discretion ( subject to the always-present criterion of the public interest ) both the determination of what degree of interference shall be considered excessive , and the methods by which such excessive interference shall be avoided . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mmm '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gallery Director [FILTERED] greeted the group , standing on one of the benches in the downstairs lobby to speak to them . (Filtered Words: 1)
But , it could happen , and it may happen to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cultural values . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Connections '' was all he would say with that smooth hurt smile when I put leading questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
What if it came when he was playing , or was asleep and dreaming ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They seemed happy at the delay in unloading , glad at the chance to go ashore in a lively liberty port such as [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
And the fate of such men has tragic relevance because it is public . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ever lived in a boxcar ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The wheel ( cage ) is 20 to 24 inches inside diameter and 20 to 24 inches inside length . (Filtered Words: 0)
The term `` State '' means the several States , the District of Columbia , the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That first time was good and it stuck with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm behind [FILTERED] , Mr. [FILTERED] said finally . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] will never forgive him -- never ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
With the second murder over , he could have left , hidden the weapon in some vacant lot or an abandoned cistern in the neighborhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recounting personal observations of clearance work , the Councilman cited instances of inefficient use of equipment or supplies by poorly trained workers and urged that plow blades be set so they do not leave behind a thin layer of snow which eventually freezes . (Filtered Words: 0)
This includes foreseeing balance-of-payments crises , with adequate attention to reducing dependence on imports and adopting realistic exchange rates to encourage infant industries and spur exports . (Filtered Words: 0)
His sister and brother , [FILTERED] , 3 , and [FILTERED] , Jr. 22 months , were admitted to the hospital . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] explained that they had been out for a stroll before breakfast while the doctor edged around behind him , attempting to hide the protuberance at his left side behind [FILTERED]'s arm and back . (Filtered Words: 2)
There was , it seems to me , enough in the openly declared principles and intentions of Russian leaders to alienate honorable men without their having to wait to see how it would turn out . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man must be able to say , `` Father , I have sinned '' , or there is no hope for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
His English was limited , and the little he knew he found irritating . (Filtered Words: 0)
It suggests that during the next several months , through the spring of 1961 , the demand for long-term capital funds may be moderately lower and that interest rates may tend to move a little lower , especially the rates on Federal , state , and local bonds , as well as those on publicly offered corporate bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its groin was bloody . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Asleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But he plays bass with Chief Crazy Horse and his Five Colts '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But she seemed to be dozing and in any case , we'd been talking in low tones . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Throneberry rapped into a fast double play . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sustaining members may sign up at $25 for the ten-concert season ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A hay-wagon moved slowly along the gutter , the top of it swept by the low boughs of the maple trees , and loose straws were left hanging tangled among the leaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Operations of this nature offer the best opportunity to recognize scientific status . (Filtered Words: 0)
With either of the gradients described , chromatography on DEAE-cellulose separated agglutinins of the ABO series into at least three regions ( Figs. 1 and 2 ) : one of extremely low anionic binding capacity , one of low anionic binding capacity and one of high anionic binding capacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Felix is all there is '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For United States expenditures under subsections ( A ) , ( B ) , ( D ) , ( E ) , ( F ) , ( H ) through ( R ) of Section 104 of the Act or under any of such subsections , the rupee equivalent of $200 million . (Filtered Words: 0)
The way is to rent a chauffeur-driven car . (Filtered Words: 0)
Amy had to be safe , had to come back to them -- if only to reap that share of life's experiences that were her due , if only to give her parents another chance to do better by her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charm Rodney ( Rodney-The Charmer ) 2:37 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Incurably optimistic , dogmatic , and utterly fearless , in his youth a devout Baptist , in spite of his friendship for the Quaker poet [FILTERED] ( 1807-1892 ) he eventually attacked the orthodox churches for what he deemed their cowardly compromising on the slavery issue and in his invariably ardent manner was emphatically unorthodox and denied the plenary inspiration of the Bible . (Filtered Words: 1)
Suppose the lines in front of the movie houses were too long and we couldn't get in ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
To summarize , it may be said that there is no one prevailing practice in Rhode Island with respect to the taxation of movable property , that assessors would like to see an improvement , and of those who have an opinion , that assessment by the town of location is preferred on the basis of their present knowledge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Houston police got to know [FILTERED] two years ago when the vice squad picked her up for questioning about a call girl ring . (Filtered Words: 1)
Criticality : (Filtered Words: 0)
They were like two strangers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The U. S. Government is paying for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
And besides , the chick had a little something the others didn't have . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- State representatives decided Thursday against taking a poll on what kind of taxes Texans would prefer to pay . (Filtered Words: 0)
To that question the answer is simple ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Nine veterinary lantern slide teaching sets were developed and distributed , and lantern slide teaching sets on 21 pathology subjects were added to the loan library of the Medical Illustration Service . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was strictly the deputy's game , but McBride had gone too far to throw in . (Filtered Words: 0)
An existentialist is a man who perceives himself only as `` esse '' , as existence without substance . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drank and handed it back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ever since the fourth century a controversy had raged over the person of Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Under arms day and night , watch and watch about . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the afternoon , defense attorneys began the presentation of their cases with opening statements , some of which had been deferred until after the government had called witnesses and presented its case . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then we shall see . (Filtered Words: 0)
however , several pertinent considerations deserve recognition . (Filtered Words: 0)
He rammed his mind into focus and said to the two ladies who lay pinkly nude beside him in the desert , `` That was a good bite . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some look deliberately to devices used by creators in the other arts and apply corresponding methods to their own work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thornburg patted his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has not been a well-known school for any part of the span the other Ivies have enjoyed . (Filtered Words: 0)
But then , he hadn't studied very hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man said . (Filtered Words: 0)
I got into the front seat . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dead spirits occupied a prominent place in every hope and in every fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
His tightly curled paot hung down to his narrow shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chili con carne : use canned chili con carne . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the girl students , sitting by while I ate the thick soup , asked me if I had a sleeping bag . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dust clogged their throats , and the heat parched them , so that the women were always making ice water . (Filtered Words: 0)
Intensification of present activities through ( A ) quicker , more extensive , and more thorough surveys to detect incipient outbreaks ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You are now at the Corso , though narrow , one of Rome's busiest streets . (Filtered Words: 0)
His face was flushed . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a child fails to meet the standards of the school in his rate of learning , insecurity , unhappiness , and other forms of maladjustment frequently follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Berlin he published his views of the chemical laws of nature in German and this was issued in French translation ( Paris , 1813 ) under the title Recherches Sur l'identite Des Forces chimiques et electriques , a work held in very high esteem by the new generation of research chemists . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Suppose it was not us that killed these aliens . (Filtered Words: 0)
coordinate , correlate , and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you always navigate like this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked out through windowpanes turned a faint violet by sun and weather , looked out at King's Bridge toward [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Elsewhere others heard and stopped and waited , the women peering from their lodges then gathering in small , curious clusters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , they have done so in rather special circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hell with it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Roman Catholic Church , however , sanctions a much more liberal policy on family planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Urbanization appears to be an important factor in the disintegration of this group . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm honey only to my husband , understand '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider couples visiting an art museum . (Filtered Words: 0)
Desegregation in Pulaski County is pending because of court order , although date of admission is not yet determined . (Filtered Words: 0)
there are no reasonable prospects that these conditions will be corrected or changed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The battle is not easy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was my first reaction upon hearing of [FILTERED]'s death . (Filtered Words: 1)
Consider couples visiting an art museum . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it would also be a mistake for them not to realize how comfortable camping has become . (Filtered Words: 0)
sales should slightly exceed 1960 , however , and reach $1.9 billion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet he walked like a young man . (Filtered Words: 0)
and we watch him amid the overtones which suggest he could never in any conscience urge a risk upon the voters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deliberately , with none of [FILTERED]'s viciousness , he laid the barrel of his gun alongside the guard's head . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now the dirt highway was bordered on either side by a fairly deep drainage ditch , too broad to leap over unless you were an Olympic star . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is this curious blend of rugged individualism and public service which accounts for the great appeal of the mythological detective . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sighing , he hurried to the living room . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cowboy called this breed of cattle `` magpies '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It said in part : (Filtered Words: 0)
New rule no. 5 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all the observers have used the same procedures or made the same assumptions about the lunar brightness distribution when reducing the data , and this , together with differences in the methods of calibrating the antennae and receivers , must account for much of the disagreement in the measured radio brightness temperatures . (Filtered Words: 0)
You took me by surprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
He says that if he were to express to you , once again , his own profound determination to go to the Mainland , and his faith that that return is feasible , he would merely sound redundant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Typically , the young child's emotional reactions last for a relatively short time , as contrasted to those of an adult . (Filtered Words: 0)
His brown face looked gray from dirt streaks where his hand had come off the dusty pavement and rubbed across it . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they could taste the appeasement of violence and retribution through his antics . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was just going . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , in this small way of forcing the people to watch as tiny and innocent and dependent creatures die because we're afraid to feed them and afraid to protest and say , `` How come ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My right leg's stiff as a board this morning '' , he replied . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is `` a broody , moody man , given to long stretches of introspection ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He thought for a moment his heart had stopped beating . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are , he thought , so few true means of forgetfulness in this life that why should he shun the medicine even when the medicine seemed , as it did , a little crude ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] had unmasked him , revealing he had never been a bishop , but was an Anabaptist , afraid to state his faith , because he knew [FILTERED] had written a book against their belief that the soul slept after death . (Filtered Words: 2)
She seemed to speak to herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next to [FILTERED] , Dark taught Mays the most when he was a grass-green rookie rushed up to the Polo Grounds 10 years ago this month , to help the Giants win a dramatic pennant . (Filtered Words: 1)
They seek thereby to lure the old grad back to the old scenes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , if one accelerometer is properly aligned , the other is also . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] admires him profoundly and leaves no doubt that he is a Democrat himself who expects Mr. [FILTERED] to be a fine President . (Filtered Words: 2)
Even as he said it , [FILTERED] knew they had found the enemy . (Filtered Words: 1)
But quite conceivably an altogether different impression will obtain when the work is offered in the theatre and there can be other effects to relieve the burden on the author's words . (Filtered Words: 0)
Go a step further and list all the wonderful barbecue basics -- cervelat , salami , Vienna sausages , mettwurst , bratwurst , bockwurst , knackwurst , [FILTERED] , pepperoni , blutwurst -- and you have a long list of easy specialties . (Filtered Words: 1)
When Palmer hit a good straight drive up the fairway on the 72nd hole , he seemed to have the championship won . (Filtered Words: 0)
I must confess that I prefer the Liberal who is personally affected , who is willing to send his own children to a mixed school as proof of his faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the first two murders , the warning notes were rarely ignored . (Filtered Words: 0)
Langer would have to be headed off , whether he knew where he was going or not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether or not this is done out of enlightened self-preservation , I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his letter mentioning [FILTERED] on January 24 , 1597/8 , Sturley asked [FILTERED] especially that `` theare might ( be ) bi Sir [FILTERED]. Grev. some meanes made to the Knightes of the Parliament for an ease and discharge of such taxes and subsedies wherewith our towne is like to be charged , and I assure u I am in great feare and doubte bi no meanes hable to paie . (Filtered Words: 3)
A team for useful research . (Filtered Words: 0)
It sometimes threatens to linger in the memory after the final curtain , and some of it , such as the catchy `` Sez I '' , does . (Filtered Words: 0)
association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter how many registry rocks they came to on this journey , each one exerted its own appeal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Krim's typicality consists only in his New Yorker's view that New York is the world ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He'll bring a bottle too , and I'll get another one or maybe two while I'm out . (Filtered Words: 0)
They become increasingly willing to accept the price increase that the industry claims the wage bargain would entail . (Filtered Words: 0)
fiscal and monetary policies designed to prevent serious inflation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If a customer wishes a special cut , it will not be available . (Filtered Words: 0)
As mentioned above , where families are concentrated in larger numbers , group controls seem strongest and most effective . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the prayer Jesus taught his disciples to pray we find these words , `` Forgive us our debts '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The silver chloride was fused under vacuum in the presence of aluminum chips with the resultant product of Af which was sublimed into a flask on the vacuum line . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps , as Mr. [FILTERED] says , American agriculture may stop the Communists , but it is also swindling the American taxpayer . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Good old A-Z '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I got [FILTERED] in one of them old box cars down there by the quarry '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He glowed with anticipation about what would happen to the culprits when they caught them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since 1949 , the only National League club that got off to a hot start and made a runaway of the race was the '55 Dodger team . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only paved alleyways tunneled through the walls of those fortresses into the mysterious core of intimacy behind the houses where backyards owned no fences , where one man's property blended with the next to form courtyards in which no one knew privacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tooth-hurty '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bizarre : He could hear the word . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the eve of his return to their native Naxos he speaks with his wife of the masterpiece which rises before them in its completed perfection . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ants carry away the seeds so better be sure that there are no ant hills nearby . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then she went to Deauville where she met a member of a powerful Greek syndicate of gamblers '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've drawn his fangs '' , he snapped . (Filtered Words: 0)
The big factories which are relatively near the centers of our cities -- the rubber factories in Akron , Chrysler's Detroit plants , U.S. Steel's Pittsburgh works -- often began on these sites at a time when that was the edge of the city , yet close to transport ( river ) , storage ( piers ) and power ( river ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the negotiations began , his quarrel with the king of France was temporarily in abeyance , and he had no intention of reviving it so long as there was hope that French money would come to pay the troops who , under [FILTERED] , the papal vicar of Tuscany , were so valuable in the crusade against the [FILTERED] cardinals and their Sicilian allies . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] is plumb crazy about blue fishing '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some of the Island is sand and is not suitable for living . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Former Vice President [FILTERED] came out in support of President [FILTERED]'s program for stepping up the arms race . (Filtered Words: 2)
We caught the early train to New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
neither did he care that Aunt Rose provided for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He believed in being seen near the front lines and he was there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , now she can sleep in the street for all I care '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He had talked one other member of the group to stay with him , but that friend had tired of not eating regularly and returned to Savannah . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contact (Filtered Words: 0)
Then fill the system and add a rust inhibitor . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a keening of wind , and a cracking of the frozen ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was merely an attempt to frighten her . (Filtered Words: 0)
the ceramic material of the age is more abundant , more diversified , and more indicative of the hopes and fears of its makers , who begin to show scenes of human life and death . (Filtered Words: 0)
They stick to their principles , insist upon their due , but grow and bloom with dependable regularity if given it . (Filtered Words: 0)
And letters began to come in to this column from irate shareholders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even before his death this influence had begun to ebb . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seemed as if they were all under a spell . (Filtered Words: 0)
He moved up and lifted Jess's pistol out of its holster . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where would it all lead ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who had earlier praised Molesworth in Tatler No. 189 , now defended him in Englishman No. 46 , depicting his removal as a setback to the Constitution . (Filtered Words: 1)
But her conscious need was to break away from constricting patterns of form , a need to let the experience shape itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter provisions proscribe any contract , combination , or conspiracy in restraint of interstate or foreign trade , and monopolization of , or attempts , combinations , or conspiracies to monopolize , such trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` God rest her soul , she was a sweet one . (Filtered Words: 0)
All that the English lady wanted to do was to walk up to the monument and lay a wreath at its base . (Filtered Words: 0)
You have only to compare such painting with the work of , say , Sesshu , to realize that someone is using words and brushes carelessly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Division one of the parade will be the service academies . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How's your luck , honey '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But they are optimistic about their prospects in these regards ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It's really rotten to drink good cognac like that , but I hadn't cared before . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as he knew that she had stopped loving him . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
His counterpoint is pertinent , skillful , and rarely thick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Atomic energy levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , though they had been promised immortality if they ate of the tree , they obtained mortality instead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strange . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in the dark days after the Great Flood of 1927 -- the worst natural disaster in the state's history -- the little plane was its sole replacement in carrying the United States mails . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first thing to do is get her some money by a temporary but definite adjustment pending a final disposition of the case . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The acceptance of collective bargaining as a national policy in 1934 , implicit in the writing of Section 7A of the National Industrial Recovery Act , has made it impolitic to oppose collective bargaining in principle . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There was that fellow out there in the bitter cold '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually [FILTERED] is a glib , garrulous guy , with a rare sense of humor . (Filtered Words: 1)
More than one president has found that a long-range plan helps him to attract major gifts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact of Indian ancestry and `` free '' status during the days of slavery , are important distinctions made by members of the group . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Medical Illustration Service is responsible for the collection , publication , exhibition , and file of medical illustration material of medico-military importance to the Armed Forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
The equally ardent proponent of freedom from any kind of censorship may find the nude human form the `` natural , honest , free expression of man's spirit and the epitome of beauty and inspiration '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is much to be said for a college that , while happily attuned to the sophisticated Ivies , still gives its students a chance to get up early in the morning and drive along back roads where a glimpse of small game , deer , or even bear is not uncommon . (Filtered Words: 0)
What happened to you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This carbine ( under $140 , about $15 more for a deluxe grade ) has an 18-1/2-inch barrel and was obviously inspired by the popularity of last year's Model 760 pump with a short-barrel . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following generalizations about the emotional characteristics of elementary-school children may be helpful . (Filtered Words: 0)
His return for the period January 1 to June 20 , 1961 , is due April 16 , 1962 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look for a farm in a neighborhood of well-kept homes . (Filtered Words: 0)
For Felix it was a bit of a stretch to make even that measurement . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A catalogue is available on request . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thermocouples in the aluminum disk shown in figure 2 indicated an equilibrium temperature of the surface of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was at least conscious of the distinction in my full Yokuts presentation that awaits publication , in which , in listing ' Two-Stem Meanings ' , I set off by asterisks those forms in which N of stem B was Af of stem A/3 , the unasterisked ones standing for Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , whose work has been discussed in this chapter , was quoted in a New Yorker Magazine profile as saying : `` Of course , you have to remember it's a good thing for us chartists that there aren't more of us . (Filtered Words: 1)
No . (Filtered Words: 0)
) The fourth session may be concluded with a tour of the church facilities and refreshments . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time the orchestra gave him some superb support fired by response to his own high mood . (Filtered Words: 0)
The White Sox had taken a 5-4 lead in the top of the sixth on a pair of pop fly hits -- a triple by [FILTERED] and single by [FILTERED] -- a walk and a sacrifice fly . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Well then , I'll get out '' -- But she looked uncertain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mantel was found in a recently demolished Salem house and is being fitted over the White House library fireplace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suppose the lines in front of the movie houses were too long and we couldn't get in ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is they who read -- and make -- Jewish best-sellers and then persuade their husbands to read them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tendency is toward putting dominant stress at the end . (Filtered Words: 0)
Trading was comparatively dull throughout the day . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in the middle of the last century an island woman named `` Karipo '' seized a spear in the heat of an inter-tribal battle and rallied the women after their men had fled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among them are [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Mrs. [FILTERED] Vickery . (Filtered Words: 3)
She'd be sure to remember any bride who was vague about background . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , that's over now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently the population as a whole eventually acquires enough confidence in the explanations of the scientists to modify its procedures and its fears . (Filtered Words: 0)
He entered the house in silence , walked into Alfred's room , and closed the door behind him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where do you put the lighter fluid , ha , ha '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She was sore as a boil . (Filtered Words: 0)
His earlier reports considered the American public schools basically sound and not in need of drastic change . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Call this a cry for help '' , Faith Constable said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another sprinkled sugar on hot coals and held the wounded foot or hand in the smoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the two cars roared by , there was a high-pitched eerie , nerve-shattering sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
Corporations react violently to short-range stimuli , e.g. , quarterly and annual dividend reports . (Filtered Words: 0)
One could see this chemical determinant as in itself a miracle . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had a hard voice , too , this time . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each card is expected to show certain information about the individual concerned , including his or her date of birth ( or age at a specified time ) , spouses , and children . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was in his early forties , rather short and very compactly built , and with a manner that was reserved and stiff despite his efforts to adapt himself to American ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
She placed her palms , fingers outspread , on the desk in an odd gesture as if to say , `` Now , what next '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
, for Engine crankshaft speed (Filtered Words: 0)
We must determine whether missiles can win a war all by themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
You get a good , loyal husband -- smack ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Jazz Three open program (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was tired beyond almost the limits of his flesh . (Filtered Words: 1)
history , biography , and education are centered in [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Indian ghosts would not impinge upon his nights , nor would his days be haunted by the dimly-outlined , ill-conceived figure of her benighted ancestor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Relationship of Anxiety to compulsivity (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever the source of [FILTERED]'s power , Marina is his captive now ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He was marching up and down the locker room of the Grassy Brae Golf Club shouting , `` Bomb Cuba ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I want to take a look . (Filtered Words: 0)
dominant stress will generally be on the subject a linguist ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Visa ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly , any line , l , of any bundle having one of these points of tangency , T , as vertex will be transformed into the entire pencil having the image of the second intersection of L and Q as vertex and lying in the plane determined by the image point and the generator of Af which is tangent to **zg at T . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any event , whether society may have cancer , or merely a virus infection , the `` disease '' , we shall find , is political , economical , social , and even medical . (Filtered Words: 0)
This concept has stimulated much basic research concerning the behavior of particulate biological materials , the pathogenesis of respiratory infections , the medical management of such diseases and defense against their occurrence . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was the pursuer as clearly as was Venus in [FILTERED]'s poem . (Filtered Words: 1)
A goal was fixed , as given in Table 2 , and attention focused on its fulfillment . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] would hear about it . (Filtered Words: 1)
The pulsating vibration of energy clutches at the pit of your stomach . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The use of high voltages and low currents by proper design to reduce electron heat transfer to the anode for a given power output . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bayreuth next summer (Filtered Words: 0)
But this esoteric doctrine was lost in the shuffle to acquire special powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` When I was a kid '' , [FILTERED] told a sportswriter last week , `` I used to follow [FILTERED] every day in the box score , just to see whether he got a hit or not '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
She would weep in private , he was sure , for she loved him in her frigid way , though in public she would be dry-eyed . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he will avoid eye-strain in the process . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can you share medical facilities and staff with neighboring plants ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather large differences were still found between reaction cells from different manifold fillings . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] himself could not tell how long it was before [FILTERED] came back . (Filtered Words: 2)
Bergson and [FILTERED] announce that `` the secret is the center of a philosophy '' and thereafter a hundred followers declare secrecy a higher verity . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the contrary , even in the heart of `` the Bible belt '' itself , as can be attested by any one who is called to work there , the industrial and technological revolutions have long been under way , together with the corresponding changes in man's picture of himself and his world . (Filtered Words: 0)
In going away Debonnie got behind several lengths , stalling at the start -- she is a little fussy . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White Citizens' Councils in the entire state of Mississippi against every local Philco dealer in that state , in protest against a Philco-sponsored program over a national TV network on which was presented a drama showing , it seemed , a `` high yellow gal '' smooching with a white man . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was just going . (Filtered Words: 0)
In itself there is nothing wrong with this form of `` participation '' : the only difficulty on the Catholic campus is that those faculty members who are in a position to implement policy , i.e. , members of the religious community which owns and administers the institution , have their own eating arrangements . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was as though , in that instant , he had felt the flatness of collage as too constricting and had suddenly tried to escape all the way back -- or forward -- to literal three-dimensionality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] and I didn't even know he was in the house until the night of our ball when he came down the stairs '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
I started my tour of them at the Turkish Government Tourist Office , next to Pan American's office on the left as you enter the driveway that leads to the Hilton Hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
we were also literary ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There are more obvious nymphomaniacs on any private-eye series . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stopped and whispered his errand . (Filtered Words: 0)
She's fat '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is my town . (Filtered Words: 0)
Topography and soil (Filtered Words: 0)
Pa had his head up , glaring , his teeth gnawing at the place where he'd grown a mustache once . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hague squeezed down his uneasy dislike . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suggested evaluation and classification (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] disregarded the free advice of her departing counselor , and appointed a heavy-faced young man named [FILTERED] to take his place . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` I ain't taking no goddamned chances for no Jew business '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A court may strike down a law on the basis of an intuitive feeling that the law is inimical to the numerical majority . (Filtered Words: 0)
After they have developed concepts , they are free from the necessity of manipulating objects ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Chinese , North Vietnamese and North Koreans , on the other hand , feel that , militarily , Russia is strong enough to support them in the `` just wars of liberation '' they would like to embark on before long : with China attacking Formosa and the North Koreans and North Vietnamese liberating the southern half of their respective countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
A curious thought to end a curious night . (Filtered Words: 0)
By prevailing over other claimants for the loyalties of men , the nation-state maintained an adequate measure of certainty and order within its territorial borders . (Filtered Words: 0)
If T is a linear operator on an arbitrary vector space and if there is a monic polynomial P such that Af , then parts ( A ) and ( B ) of Theorem 12 are valid for T with the proof which we gave . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon complaints from the Lower House of Convocation to the House of Lords , he was removed from the Privy Council , his remark having been represented as a blasphemous affront to the clergy . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
This follows naturally since frontage on an ocean , stream , or lake provides scenic values and opportunities for the very popular recreation activities of bathing , fishing , boating , and other water sports . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet this basic condition of outlawry and anarchy is not the work of Katanga . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] only nodded . (Filtered Words: 1)
Flashed to Moscow (Filtered Words: 0)
Along these lines , the particular point that sensitivity in literature leads to sensitivity in human relations would require more proof than I have seen . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had the feeling that he should abandon the car and run off somewhere to hide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experimental and results (Filtered Words: 0)
if one bullies , they say it is because one is afraid ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I found his chest in my sights . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Social and recreational activities (Filtered Words: 0)
Both fell heavily to the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
thought for the longest he was a tumor '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Juet had made plentiful enemies , several men stepped forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll need your Weider Power Stands for this fine exercise and here's the way it's done : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
We often say of a person that he `` looks young for his age '' or `` old for his age '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One even gave my little dog a biscuit . (Filtered Words: 0)
John the Baptist used total immersion in the River Jordan for believers ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She remembered little of her previous journey there with [FILTERED] , and she could but hope that her dedication to her mission would enable her to accomplish it . (Filtered Words: 1)
The last column shows the rate of exchange that would have been observed at a relative intensity of 4 ( 14.7 cm. distance ) calculated on the assumptions that the incident light intensity is inversely proportional to the square of the distance of the lamp from the cell and that the rate is directly proportional to the incident light intensity . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had to fight the bliss of super-condamine to do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were several on the Council who tried to live like Christians . (Filtered Words: 0)
Applying these figures to the formula we get the equation : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every person will choose his own doctor and hospital '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Said you wore yourself out , cleaning all these empty rooms '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The end of Trujillo (Filtered Words: 0)
Place the hands in front of the chest . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second half of the film `` Communism on the Map '' and the movie `` Operation Abolition '' also will be shown . (Filtered Words: 0)
The statement of the system is a different matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
They do our country great harm by such actions . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am prepared to demonstrate at anytime that it represents the spirit of Imperial Russia in its most vulgar , infantile , and reactionary aspect ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Gouge , burn , blast , insult it as they would , could anyone really take Papa-san ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His words were the more ungracious to come from a man who lent his name to the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowships dedicated to the same goal of international understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such pseudo-questions assume that answers of concrete significance can be supplied to statements involving undefined universals . (Filtered Words: 0)
One pass only . (Filtered Words: 0)
Personally , it is the [FILTERED]'s sexual coming of age , when , without any warning , unbreakable taboos are set up between himself and his past . (Filtered Words: 1)
Player immediately proved he was not in the least awed by the dramatic proximity of Palmer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What brings you here again , Colonel [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
She was now enjoying the voyage very much . (Filtered Words: 0)
These droplets appear to be ellipsoids , and it is mathematically convenient to assume that they are . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , take flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Uninhibited lyricism should be distinguished from its exact opposite -- the sterile , extraneous invention of the corn-belt metaphysicals , or present blight of poetic professors . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the doctrine of original sin is compounded of injustice . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wrote a few years ago that one of the cardinal rules of writing is that the reader should be able to get some idea of what the story is about . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another , longer strip of tinsel whipped his mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Very austere yet racy . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this occurs now , at the refrain of [FILTERED]'s song -- at the point , in fact , of the name `` [FILTERED] '' -- ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
He showed puny men attacked by splendidly tyrannical machines . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This afternoon '' , the secretary said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The nuns there do a wonderful work '' , the President commented . (Filtered Words: 0)
Preparation for Church membership begins immediately after the commitment is received . (Filtered Words: 0)
Assemble the parts in the frame and test the sliding action of the mating pieces . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I refused '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had offered to walk , but [FILTERED] knew she would not feel comfortable about her child until she had personally confided her to the care of the little pink woman who chose to be called `` Auntie '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Although a large number of coatings systems , particularly at low thicknesses fail cohesively by the cutting mechanism , frequently a second type of cohesive failure may also take place . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's hardly a Christian approach '' , she remonstrated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abruptly he reached into his pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to the Minutemen , this is a serious business . (Filtered Words: 0)
on prospects for continued increases in defense spending ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is slow . (Filtered Words: 0)
In of all the suggestions that were made , his was the silliest the possessive his represents his suggestion and is stressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a firm grip on the man's hair Matsuo applied the blade flat on a cheek . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of its wealth of experience , the Organization for European Economic Cooperation could help with the initial studies needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He says he'll be here on the one-o'clock plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turn left a block or so before the street ends , and then turn right down the Via Di Santa Prisca to the Viale Aventino . (Filtered Words: 0)
For United States expenditures under subsections ( A ) , ( B ) , ( D ) , ( E ) , ( F ) , ( H ) through ( R ) of Section 104 of the Act or under any of such subsections , the rupee equivalent of $200 million . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alone , [FILTERED] examined the doors . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then the young man in the brown sports jacket spoke , and it was no different . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the end , [FILTERED] and Braque plumped for the representational , and it would seem they did so deliberately . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the 12 months ended in February , 1961 , this highway earned 93 per cent of its interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reality of the situation , however , is described by Mr. [FILTERED] : `` (Filtered Words: 1)
Equipment : (Filtered Words: 0)
It is an averaging device intended to ease the tax burden of fluctuating income ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Conceived as an organ of economic cooperation , there is no reason why O.E.C.D. cannot evolve into a broader instrument of union if its members so desire . (Filtered Words: 0)
ground meats are usually prepared from scrap meats at the local level , whereas irradiation at economic volumes of production would require central processing and distribution facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy dropped his eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The German barbarians of the fourth century offered an excellent example : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And you fall for a lumber jockey '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Boston Red Sox Outfielder [FILTERED] said Monday night he was through playing baseball . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Will you drop the anchor '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Politics is an accelerating game . (Filtered Words: 0)
Old sores could be healed by the constant application of a wash made of equal parts vinegar and water . (Filtered Words: 0)
A 62-year-old Smithfield man , [FILTERED] of 19 [FILTERED] , was in satisfactory condition last night at Our Lady of Fatima Hospital , North Providence , with injuries suffered when a car he was driving struck a utility pole on Woonasquatucket Avenue in North Providence near Stevens Street . (Filtered Words: 2)
However , it is important to trace the philosophy of the French Revolution to its sources to understand the common democratic origin of individualism and socialism and the influence of the latter on the former . (Filtered Words: 0)
the rub arises from the fact that teachers are usually paid on the basis of time served rather than quality . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we did not mean to say this , why should we be so relieved on finding that the suffering had not occurred ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is commendable that a regularly scheduled hour is set aside for an introduction to the contemporary musical scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
and second , to increase uniformly the allotments to those States whose allotments are below their maximums , with adjustments to prevent the allotment of any State from thereby exceeding its maximum . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do not listen to that Frenchman . (Filtered Words: 0)
But an instinctive reflex may work against the conscious intention of the woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he failed to reach the riverbank in five minutes , say , then the skiffs would pull away and leave him groping in the mud . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each group is paginated separately ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was time to go up myself '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same instant , he grabbed the loose , writhing hose with his other hand and bit down on the hard rubber mouthpiece . (Filtered Words: 0)
Previous presentations have been on French , Spanish , Russian , Italian , German and Japanese . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody can deny the right of former Chief Executives to take part in politics , but the American people expect them always to remember the obligations of national leadership and to treat issues with a sense of responsibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
The white girl with the penetrating green eyes sipped the lemonade handed to her by a handsome man of about 30 , who had coppery skin and beetling eyebrows . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only Walter Lippman envisioned the possibility of our having `` outlived most of what we used to regard as the program of our national purposes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Anything wrong with the plumbing in 1105 '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why not '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Now I do not think their view will do . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second major aspect of the election is the actual procedure of registration , nomination and voting . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy yanked her back hard , tugging her off her feet , and gathered her into the crook of his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it became obvious that he could stay inside no longer , taking a thousand to one chance [FILTERED] rushed outside , square against the muzzle of a Winchester . (Filtered Words: 1)
And still another witness , one who had crawled out from under a heap of corpses , had to tell how the victims had been forced to lay themselves head to foot one on top of the other before being shot . (Filtered Words: 0)
The talk would not be in code , but neither would it ramble . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hustle '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Rodney-Miss [FILTERED] ) 2:35 ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
`` And for that he needs a little bag '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Hazards to life and limb on the golf course , while existent , are actuarially insignificant . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would appear that it should be possible to determine unique mechanisms for the thermal and photochemical reactions in both the liquid and gas phases and to determine values for activation energies of some of the intermediate reactions of atoms and free radicals , as well as information on the heat of dissociation of the carbon-halogen bond . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ellis , Grindlay and [FILTERED] ( '52 ) also were unable to find them in rats . (Filtered Words: 1)
numerical aperture ( N.A. ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The drama in the theater and the concert in the hall both have a fixed time , but the time is fixed by the director and the players , the conductor and the instrumentalists , subject , therefore , to much variation , as record collectors well know . (Filtered Words: 0)
If dark came they would lose her . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that point [FILTERED] came into the picture . (Filtered Words: 1)
Next he addressed himself to our souls . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She's invisible tonight . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been at lessons in the schoolhouse since they returned from Harpers Ferry . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first few experiments Af was passed through Dowex-2-chloride twice and absorbed twice with 50 - 100 mg sweet clover tissue powder . (Filtered Words: 0)
the cooking odors were stronger -- all over the city , at this hour , housewives would be fussing over stoves . (Filtered Words: 0)
it's to be a good person '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
They arrived in Washington about the same time during the early postwar years : [FILTERED] as the young Congressman from Massachusetts ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
But she sighed and her face relaxed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside in the dressing room , [FILTERED] sat on the bench dressed in his street clothes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Statues and other monuments that stood there were stolen , mostly by the waves of Crusaders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He snapped to alertness at [FILTERED]'s entrance . (Filtered Words: 1)
Within [FILTERED]'s schema , the adolescent's delinquent behavior -- in this case , her unwed motherhood -- reflects her `` identity diffusion '' , or her inability to resolve these various identity crises positively . (Filtered Words: 1)
Under [FILTERED] , the work of the year 1909-10 went forward without interruption . (Filtered Words: 1)
In front of him is a gold phone . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said to his partner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ahah , he thought , a lush divorcee at last . (Filtered Words: 0)
jam ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For his part , Thompson had explained in a previous letter that there would be nothing but an honorable friendship between [FILTERED] and himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
SEATO was steamed up and prepared contingency plans for coping with the military losses in Laos . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , we sent a third vessel out , a much smaller and faster one than the first two . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hunter and fisherman visits since 1949 have increased 8 times faster than the nationwide sale of hunting and fishing licenses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Problems of shifting styles (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems that Khrushchev himself took a very special pride in having made a world-shaking contribution to Marxist doctrine with his Draft Program ( a large part of his twelve-hour speech at the recent Congress was , in fact , very largely a rehash of that interminable document ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was an eagle . (Filtered Words: 1)
But I've got news for Krim : he's not typical , he's pretty special . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who will say that our country is even now a homogeneous community ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
On January 4 , with the boys back at school and college , Mrs. [FILTERED] wrote Harcourt to say that she was `` through , quite through '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since these electrons are moving like planets , you may wonder whether there is an atomic sun at the center of the atom . (Filtered Words: 0)
On other matters , the jury recommended that : ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Confrontation (Filtered Words: 0)
There was still a little , not much , left in the first bottle and we passed it around once and killed it , and [FILTERED] opened his . (Filtered Words: 1)
She sat quietly , staring at me from the wide eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Marketing meat (Filtered Words: 0)
On May 11,330 , A.D. , , its name was changed again , this time to Constantinople after its emperor , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Corporations should pay added taxes , to be used for educational purposes ( not necessarily of the formal type ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was again reclassified 1-a by the local board . (Filtered Words: 0)
If necessary to replace both halves on grill , sear cuts and allot extra time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Justice's elaborate examination of the legislative history of the provision in question suggests that Congress' purpose was merely to make unions suable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Roll was being called . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] might well have been included , he felt . (Filtered Words: 1)
This reasoning was also as inevitable as anything could be . (Filtered Words: 0)
But you've got to know both . (Filtered Words: 0)
I went to an afternoon service at the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
The young people were self-energizing , and I was energized . (Filtered Words: 0)
I told him no , that I had had a very happy childhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
We went there a couple of times to swim and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He paced forward unsteadily , leaning too far back , his head tilted oddly . (Filtered Words: 0)
I won't '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that such a list cannot be constructed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Further , change is a form of motion , it occurs as the act of a being in potency insofar as it is in potency and has not yet reached the terminus of the change . (Filtered Words: 0)
He clutched that knowledge to him as he returned to his dressing room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among these questions : what would a Cuba blockade take ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have killed you in the cabin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another editor pointed despairingly at a bundle of letters that had accumulated for him , saying , `` But Mr. [FILTERED] , what shall I do with this correspondence '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Or the exception may be due to a particular durability peculiar to the Athabascan verb . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Somewhere ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Trevelyan accepts Italian nationalism with little analysis , he is unduly critical of papal and French policy , and he is more than generous in assessing British policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tilted his homely face toward the dry bed of the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within the pseudophloem cells the distribution of WTV antigen was irregular in the cytoplasm . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for myself , I had on an enormous black `` muff '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Listen '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most realistic way of facing up to this problem would be to have the State take over full responsibility for assessing all taxable property . (Filtered Words: 0)
Members of The Algol staff are nominated by the editor and business manager and appointed by the Publications Board . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyone for musical Ping-pong ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I noticed that he was in Unit 12 and that he had registered under the name of [FILTERED] and wife , giving a San Francisco address . (Filtered Words: 1)
Suddenly I understood why she had the umbrella . (Filtered Words: 0)
They're buying fun and adventure and family experiences . (Filtered Words: 0)
At meter wave lengths an increase of the order of 10-degrees in the average disk temperatures of the nearer planets would be expected . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I should say it is the turning of courts of law into veritable theatres for sex dramas , involving clergymen and parishioners , psychiatrists and patients . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pressure transducer for pvt measurements . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
If you file a Form 1040 , you should indicate in the place provided that there is an overpayment of tax and the amount you want refunded and the amount you want credited against your estimated tax . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is questionable , to say the least . (Filtered Words: 0)
We can see others more clearly than we can see ourselves , and others can see us better than we see ourselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
for he kept on threatening that he would `` pull the ears '' of those responsible for agricultural production . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some liar's logic , a wisp of optimism as fragile as the scent of tropical blossoms that came through the window ( a euphoria perhaps engendered by the pill [FILTERED] had given her ) , consoled her for a moment . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thomas the elder married twice , had seventeen children , and died in 1615 . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In a way , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The research team prepared and then revised the questionnaire over a period of six months . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be carefully planned to maintain optimum service to these important resources and watersheds . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] excellent chapter on Great Expectations has lately illustrated how fruitfully that novel can be read from such a perspective . (Filtered Words: 1)
In addition to the tickets to the movies , sporting events and concerts , Mrs. [FILTERED] lines up candy and cookies because alcoholics require a lot of sweets to replace the sugar in their system . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` He looks as feminine as you can imagine '' , she decided . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was one of the high spots of the play . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were both discouraged , disgusted and miserable . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Few crank calls '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Christiana and Delaware would , in turn , be required to pass on the voting rights to the General Motors shares allocable to them to their own stockholders . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I should think so '' , Eugenia said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , in another way modern historians still labor in the vineyard of the Oxford school . (Filtered Words: 0)
In another approach to the same procedure , the content of the readings is analyzed so as to see how the particular medium is likely to slant her statements . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
At the fifteenth magnitude , Af , and at the twenty-fifth magnitude , Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] had said , `` You look about fifteen years old '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Once he learned a lesson , he never forgot it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] downed his orange juice and one of the long , skinny green pills , his spirits as damp as the day . (Filtered Words: 1)
Said he , `` It teaches me to wonder '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He attacked one of the officers and was restrained . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is an amazing fact that in some species this will happen while the summer is still in full swing , for instance , in August . (Filtered Words: 0)
Satellites , sputniks , rockets , balloons ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There was one vote for location being the place where the property is situated for the greater portion of the twelve months preceding the assessment date . (Filtered Words: 0)
I grimaced in distaste . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of course '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Chicago , some time ago , Mr. [FILTERED] , age 27 , a diabetic since he was six , stopped using insulin because he had bought a `` magic spike '' -- a glass tube about the size of a pencil filled with barium chloride worth a small fraction of a cent -- sold by the Vrilium Company of Chicago for $306 as a cure-all . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sir [FILTERED] , a hundred years before Communism was a force to be reckoned with , wrote his brilliant legal generalization , that `` the progress of society is from status to contract '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` How do you know , stupid ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Another contrast stressed when discussing [FILTERED] vs. Copernican astronomy , turns on the idea of simplicity . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was striking the right note . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was hit by a shell fired by the bombarding Venetian army and the great central portion of the temple was blown to smithereens . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- In reply to a letter in Today's `` Voice '' urging the sale of meat after 6 p.m. , I wish to state the other side of the story . (Filtered Words: 0)
The master of the house , his nourished face unrevealing , consented to postpone his departure a few minutes to talk to the detective . (Filtered Words: 0)
Up spoke carpenter [FILTERED] , who said he wouldn't give ten pounds to be home . (Filtered Words: 1)
The school is located at 9-1/2 Mile Road , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The total of these three volumes is the `` final combustion chamber volume '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Content excited ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
press scored handle ends firmly in place using dowel to reinforce container while pressing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But you had them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , he had only mentioned him on the spur of the moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
He transformed Dartmouth from a small New Hampshire institution into a national college . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] squirmed a little on the divan . (Filtered Words: 1)
I don't know any secret recipe for certainty . (Filtered Words: 0)
This process made the economical manufacture of gears questionable until some way could be found to permit the repeated re-sharpening of gear tooth cutters without the loss of the precision form . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They do not have to face battle . (Filtered Words: 0)
How much study is required ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The new regime in Turkey is intentionally less Muslim than its predecessor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men in the boats had started yelling happily at first sight of the officer , two of them calling him [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
So somebody else could have come in , too -- then or later while she was out of the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was the daughter and sole heiress of either a cattle baron or an oil millionaire and , having arrived in New York with a big bank roll , became a dabbler in various fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
It implies two misconceptions . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , General Electric's enormous installations at Louisville and Syracuse , the Pentagon , Boeing in Seattle , [FILTERED] and Lockheed in Los Angeles , the new automobile assembly plants everywhere -- none of these is substantially served by any sort of conventional mass rapid transit . (Filtered Words: 2)
He was dead before he hit the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is clearly a deficiency in T . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] also presents a simple equation for deriving an index of persistence , which weights not only the number of stems ( ' roots ' ) per meaning , but their relative frequency . (Filtered Words: 1)
The major gets the assured gallonage for the life of the lease and the distributor apparently can do well because delivery cost is low . (Filtered Words: 0)
An animal , bird or insect creates either a burrow , or nest or hive in unending sameness according to specie . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But it's understandable . (Filtered Words: 0)
an NLRDA survey found that at least 492 lumber mills will strap their shipments for mechanized handling . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the light of the facts at hand , however , New York Central intends to pursue the objective of helping to create a healthy two-system eastern railroad structure in the public interest '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout the early years of World War 2 , , reports persisted that the Axis powers had used gas -- Germany in Russia , Japan in China again . (Filtered Words: 0)
A refrigerated item could also be heated and served in less time than is required for frozen foods of the same type . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Central has pointed out . (Filtered Words: 0)
the oracle speaks false and the dream speaks true . (Filtered Words: 0)
The questionnaire was designed to elicit three types of information : ( 1 ) the facts regarding certain characteristics of the respondents , including their experience with , and interest in , securing defense business ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The girls sit quietly with the musicians , wearing prim dresses or plain , secretarial shifts , until it is time to go off to a back room and reappear in the spare uniform of the harem . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood up and touched the girl's arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Individual human strength is needed to pit against an inhuman condition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of quelling the dissension , as many captains of the era would have done ( Sir [FILTERED] lopped a man's head off under similar circumstances ) , [FILTERED] decided to be reasonable . (Filtered Words: 2)
She was frowning . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a brighter nautical vein is Ille De France blue . (Filtered Words: 0)
He will know that general policy papers written months before may not fit his problem because of crucial changes in circumstance . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 , Corinthians 4 : 3 , 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The combined threat of hell-fire and ugliness is too much for her , and she falls terrified at his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
She lived alone in the older part of the city , in one of those renovated houses whose brick facade some early settler had constructed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasionally , for no reason that I could see , they would suddenly alter the angle of their trot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nowhere has this decline been more painfully evident than in the New York City area . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] notes , however , that most of the school boards in the State do not do so . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sure , for the most of us , a frankfurter is the favorite . (Filtered Words: 0)
With another sudden change of mood , he is again calm and protective , exhorting her to trust and obey him as God's spokesman -- and the chromatic scale descends in ominous contradiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
otherwise , the cork dries and air enters to spoil it . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1806 his ambition was realized and he became professor of physics at the Copenhagen University , though not realizing full professorship ( ordinarius ) until 1817 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The death of her mother in 1865 prevented this . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] clasped her hands together and slowed her pace . (Filtered Words: 1)
The codes in the red box -- there are several of them covering various contingencies -- are contained in a sealed X-ray-proof `` unique device '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the prison camp's Black Market civilian clothes were quietly bought and forged papers were devised for him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance , college-educated people consistently show up in study after study as more often than others supporters of the Bill of Rights and other democratic rights and liberties . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll grab horses '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Chapter 10 (Filtered Words: 0)
Number all the tappet bars before removing them so they can be replaced in the same slots . (Filtered Words: 0)
An open field was better than a building , that was for sure , so he dismounted , turned off the horse , and plunged through the grass . (Filtered Words: 0)
Forces will survive a surprise attack , and these forces will give depth , or considerable duration , to the conflict . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poor John's rise continued to be meteoric . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this moment , all he could think of was what he'd been forced to undergo . (Filtered Words: 0)
Allied Arts Corporation first listed the Chicago dates as Dec. 4 thru 10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vecchio was nodding and pointing at the large suitcase he held . (Filtered Words: 0)
The schoolboy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost the whole experience of mankind pointed toward suspicion , not trust , as the safest and sanest attitude toward all outsiders . (Filtered Words: 0)
His rage had built up as he made his way here from the second floor , helped by the quantity of champagne he had consumed . (Filtered Words: 0)
One , by Sen. [FILTERED] of San Saba , would aid more than 17,000 retailers who pay a group of miscellaneous excise taxes by eliminating the requirement that each return be notarized . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was expected that the comparison of different approaches to ethics would produce a better grasp of each other's positions and better comprehension of one's own . (Filtered Words: 0)
After drying the sections under the fan , fixing in acetone , and drying at 37-degrees as in the indirect method , the sections were treated with conjugated Af or Af ( undiluted unless mentioned otherwise ) for 5 - 30 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasionally they return for additional training . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was in the war , he was in [FILTERED] or [FILTERED] or something like that , and an old buddy of his told me he would come down on Sundays to the Pentagon and read the citations for medals -- just like the one we sent in for Trig -- and go away with a real glow . (Filtered Words: 2)
Have you estimated your sales manpower needs for the future ( both quantitatively and qualitatively ) ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Quite a few laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He considered opening a can of beer but vetoed that idea too . (Filtered Words: 0)
A formula to supply players for the new Minneapolis Vikings and the problem of increasing the 1961 schedule to fourteen games will be discussed by National Football League owners at a meeting at the Hotel Warwick today . (Filtered Words: 0)
Add ham ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A real gentleman , I feel , would do neither . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some even say that this is the reason for the ultimate acceptance of the former . (Filtered Words: 0)
He liked children , in a loathsome kind of way ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Reports are that it is more than probable that the four congressmen from Mississippi who did not support the party ticket will be stripped of the usual patronage which flows to congressmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
An oversize unit will cool off your house quickly , then shut down for a long period . (Filtered Words: 0)
For new galaxies to be created , Professor [FILTERED] declares , it would only be necessary for a single hydrogen atom to be created in an area the size of your living room once every few million years . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nevertheless , all theories and techniques lead but to one of two possible modes of expression , if they lead to a market committment at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lines of communications were established between the two companies and several Du Pont products were actively promoted . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' He wrote . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of majestic build , rubicund and slash-mouthed , he resembled the late General [FILTERED] , who was said to be the most imposing general of his century , if not of all centuries . (Filtered Words: 1)
Atomic physics (Filtered Words: 0)
Along each side of the room were six tiered bunks , each one screened off with a curtain . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could conceivably have wished to make sure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] pointed out that Georgia voters last November rejected a constitutional amendment to allow legislators to vote on pay raises for future Legislature sessions . (Filtered Words: 1)
This problem can force a change in marketing approach in many kinds of businesses . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beginning July 4 , there will be an orchestra playing nightly except Sunday and Monday for the summer season . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since Mr. [FILTERED] had to give a lecture , Rachel and Scotty drove home alone in the Plymouth . (Filtered Words: 1)
If you are a life tenant , you deduct allowable depreciation and depletion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Public libraries in Nassau County have been lending books to each other by mail for a quarter-century , but the system enables this process to operate on an organized and far more comprehensive basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had to act fast , for letters were clogging the terminals . (Filtered Words: 0)
By 1937 he had clarified his intentions to serve his people : `` I have striven for clarity and melodious idiom , but at the same time I have by no means attempted to restrict myself to the accepted methods of harmony and melody . (Filtered Words: 0)
Says [FILTERED]'s [FILTERED] : `` Since 1958 carriers that move material from the yard to the job site have undergone more radical changes than any of the dealer's other equipment '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
He tried to veer the rifle around to fire into [FILTERED]'s body . (Filtered Words: 1)
They say all personnel have spiritual needs which Guideposts helps to meet . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is no criticism of them , as they obviously cannot get a half-hour program into a fifteen-minute news summary . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` ' A good morrow to you , my boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heart-measuring techniques (Filtered Words: 0)
He can encourage quality in faculty committee work in various ways : by seeing to it that the membership of each committee represents the thoughtful as well as the action-oriented faculty ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic design of a fiber-coupled , double-stage image intensifier (Filtered Words: 0)
Approved September 22 , 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four additional deputies be employed at the Fulton County Jail and `` a doctor , medical intern or extern be employed for night and weekend duty at the jail '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In case of a deadlock between prison boards and inmates , a federal arbitration board to include a `` lifer '' and two escapees should decide the issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had supported him all the way , both as a chief executive and as a man . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] did not know what an `` Earth-week '' was , since he had not been a well-read man before his conviction , but he got nothing more from the half-man at that time . (Filtered Words: 1)
In emergencies the SAC commander , Gen. [FILTERED] , or his deputies and their staff would occupy a balcony that stretches across the length of the room above [FILTERED] and his staff . (Filtered Words: 2)
He said in a studied voice , `` I didn't do it for you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two horses broke from the yard , from the circle of light cast by the lamp still burning in the house , into the darkness . (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance , there have been two Presidential Commissions on higher education since World War 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
this in the name of equitable discretion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hiring the wife for one's company may win her tax-aided retirement income . (Filtered Words: 0)
A pronounced ideological diffusion -- i.e. , inability to identify independently with given ideas and value systems -- is reflected in many ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now come , [FILTERED] , we must go quickly . (Filtered Words: 1)
You stay with the ladies . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` While [FILTERED] was escorting Miss [FILTERED] from the church social last Saturday night , a savage dog attacked them and bit Mr. [FILTERED] on the public square '' . (Filtered Words: 3)
Leaving the theatre after the performance , I had a flash of intuition that life , after all ( as Rilke said ) , is just a search for the nonexistent cup of hot coffee , and that this unpretentious , moving , clever , bitter slice of life was the greatest thing to happen to the American theatre since Brooks Atkinson retired . (Filtered Words: 0)
Music for dancing will be furnished by [FILTERED] and his orchestra , who will play each Saturday during June . (Filtered Words: 1)
Piepsam tries to stop him by force , receives a push in the chest from `` Life '' , and is left standing in impotent and growing rage , while a crowd begins to gather . (Filtered Words: 0)
How far I knew will shortly become apparent . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was concluded that it would be appropriate to process the two groups of responses as a single sample of all small businesses engaged in , or wishing to sell to , defense programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spread the flight out and led them across a point of land and then down the coast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your application must include the following information : ( 1 ) your reasons for requesting an extension , ( 2 ) whether you filed timely income tax returns for the 3 preceding years , and ( 3 ) whether you were required to file an estimated return for the year , and if so whether you did file and have paid the estimated tax payments on or before the due dates . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wanted to paint again . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One can make them say the same thing only by not listening to them very carefully and hearing only what one wants to hear . (Filtered Words: 0)
He played the leading role in negotiating the treaty with Great Britain that ended the Revolution , and directed America's foreign affairs throughout the Confederation period . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wall panels and structural timbers are standard as are windows and doors , making for a minimum of cutting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet [FILTERED] plowed ahead , mouthing the inconsequential words as if they possessed real meaning , and gradually his listeners warmed to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Bastards '' , he said aloud , spitting on them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note where the sun rises and sets , and ask which direction the prevailing winds and storms come from . (Filtered Words: 0)
Living with his watercolors is a vicarious experience of seeing nature distilled through the eyes of a sensitive interpretor , a breath and breadth of the outdoor world to help man honor the Creator of it all . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked Bobbie . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , because reduction in tasks results in reduction of forces required , the plan should provide for expanding area coverage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One soft evening -- that marvelous sea-blessed time when the sun's departing warmth lingers and a smell of spume and wrack haunts everything -- Amy had picked herself off the floor and begun to walk . (Filtered Words: 0)
The minister was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Which probably would turn out to be true ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Heaven knew it happened and hell knew it too . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Air Force Office of Scientific Research has provided financial assistance in the early stages of the Institute's program . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are already committed to establishing man's supremacy over nature and everywhere on earth , not merely in the limited social-political-economical context we are fond of today . (Filtered Words: 0)
The breakup of the Holy Roman Empire and the downfall of feudalism led , not more than two centuries ago , to the surge of nationalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Join me in another '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Eating while angry had given her a slight indigestion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Agnese had been sitting quietly , listening with the serenity of the unaware . (Filtered Words: 0)
Slate said he and Crawford received cuts and scratches and their uniforms were badly torn . (Filtered Words: 0)
She pursed her lips , then clamped them together so tightly that I thought she was angry with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
But that was a long time ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
This phase consists of four items : urban land use , rural land use , physical features and public utility service areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is still a college only and not a university ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asserted in the Continental Congress' Declaration of Rights that the demands of the colonies were in accordance with their charters , the British Constitution and the common law , and [FILTERED] appealed in the Declaration of Independence `` to the tribunal of the world '' for support of a revolution justified by `` the laws of nature and of nature's God '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Ranking . (Filtered Words: 0)
He bases his present contention on the general right to explore , indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume . (Filtered Words: 0)
They reincarnated the figures of human beings banished from his canvases since the 1920's . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since Fogg's was a one-man , one-plane flying service , this meant that he would have to do both trips , flying alone 600 miles a day , under sub-freezing temperature conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Russia , whose technology is not quite primitive , is still in the dark ages when it comes to improving the outboard motor , for instance . (Filtered Words: 0)
They accuse their enemies of precisely the crimes of which they themselves are most guilty . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his second letter the old mercer advised his son `` to bye some such warys as yow may selle presentlye with profet . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one such gathering Charlotte announced , `` I was at Ryusenji today . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was born in Savannah , Georgia , in 1909 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s nineteenth-century view of law and sovereignty still dominates much of today's legal and political thinking . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Charter does stipulate that `` due regard '' shall be paid to the importance of recruiting the staff on `` as wide a geographical basis as possible '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , the enemy will capitalize on our fears , if he can . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 , (Filtered Words: 0)
It usually goes up . (Filtered Words: 0)
He should put the police back to patrolling and walking the streets at night . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] found many modes of expression . (Filtered Words: 1)
The department has just finished treating 20,000 acres in urban areas of Macon . (Filtered Words: 0)
The various stress-temperature coefficients for constancy of volume and strain , constancy of pressure and strain , and constancy of pressure and length have been interrelated . (Filtered Words: 0)
the pattern of the Oriental rug , the delicate cut-glass chandelier . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part 3 , discusses the empirical relevance and policy implications of the conclusions . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the Greek word most often translated as `` baptism '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I bet . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no apparent reason why we should feel bound by Swadesh's rules and procedure since his predilections and aims have grown so vast . (Filtered Words: 0)
but on the other hand , he didn't want her swiping his salami . (Filtered Words: 0)
but here he was just [FILTERED] or the Old Man . (Filtered Words: 1)
There were also a couple in Canada , and several in England . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this was to be a `` proxy sitting '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What have we to show by way of counter-successes ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This conformational entropy is , in this case , equal to the usual entropy , for there are no other changes or other energies involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was a second-rate actress living in New York . (Filtered Words: 1)
I said I would do it for her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both fell heavily to the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
It ran until past one o'clock . (Filtered Words: 0)
The infamous Wansee Conference called by Heydrich in January 1942 , to organize the material and technical means to put to death the eleven million Jews spread throughout the nations of Europe , was attended by representatives of major organs of the German state , including the Reich Minister of the Interior , the State Secretary in charge of the Four Year Plan , the Reich Minister of Justice , the Under Secretary of Foreign Affairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
This has been more evident since our products have incorporated astronomically increased technology . (Filtered Words: 0)
What are the relevant data ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The precise mechanism for organification of iodine in the thyroid is not as yet completely understood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an animal has frequently been the downfall of the rustler . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get the hell out '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A primary function is the operation of a Government Bid Center , which receives bids daily from the Federal Government's principal purchasing agencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There is no story '' , he piped tremulously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Expressed differently : if the price for becoming a faithful follower of Jesus Christ is some form of self-destruction , whether of the body or of the mind -- sacrificium corporis , sacrificium intellectus -- then there is no alternative but that the price remain unpaid . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ahm goin nawth t'jawn mah husbun in Sante Fe , an y'all maht prefuh the suhthuhn rewt . (Filtered Words: 0)
That which follows will be a discussion of principles and possible content for an over-all concept of antisubmarine warfare . (Filtered Words: 0)
Origin of state automobile practices (Filtered Words: 0)
You should have gone to work today , 'stead of sneaking around spying on the Dronk house '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inmates were white and from out of town , avoiding local friction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miraculously , she found exactly the right statement . (Filtered Words: 0)
his end is ridiculous and trivial . (Filtered Words: 0)
The effects of earthquakes on civilization have been widely publicized , even overemphasized . (Filtered Words: 0)
The instruments don't show them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same can be said about the half-hearted Cuban invasion mounted by the administration last April , which , we trust , is not symptomatic of the methods to be invoked in holding off the felonious Khrushchev . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're boiling milk , ain't you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Along with [FILTERED] other major developments , the universal grinding machine was profoundly influential in setting the course of Brown & Sharpe for many years to come . (Filtered Words: 1)
Production may fall far below expectations . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stared at the dipper , turning it over and over in his wide , calloused hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Skorich received a three-year contract at a salary believed to be between $20,000 and $25,000 a year . (Filtered Words: 0)
One is that they were established , or gained eminence , under pressure provided by these same immigrants , from whom the old families wished to segregate their children . (Filtered Words: 0)
but basically that pace depends on changes in the supply of resources and in the human attitudes , political institutions , and social structure which each society must generate . (Filtered Words: 0)
No soap or other cleaning agent was used that might bring in unwanted chemical reactions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , stated Day , `` He always omits facts which tend to disprove his hypothesis '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As [FILTERED] had hoped , the house door banged open . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is [FILTERED] , son of the Guglielmo Rostagnos of Florence whom the [FILTERED] met last year in Europe . (Filtered Words: 2)
She asked steadily . (Filtered Words: 0)
He swung around , eyes toward the bedroom , some fifteen feet away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our literature is already replete with a fantastic number of suggestions for preventive agency programming ranging from the immediately practical to the globally utopian . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- [FILTERED] , the line coach for the football champion Philadelphia Eagles , was elevated today to head coach . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` The commercials have just been for money , there hasn't been any real incentive for me to do them , but in Underwater Western Eye I'd have a chance to act . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was nothing specifically wrong with Edythe , but there was absolutely nothing right about her either . (Filtered Words: 0)
As such , it was beyond politics and had no need of justification by a `` message '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Those '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
All of this would be wasted , of course , if the performance lacked authority and musical distinction . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she was . (Filtered Words: 0)
Systems which detect submarines over wide areas are attractive , although they can be only `` burglar alarms '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That achievement was his creation of the universal grinding machine , which made its appearance in 1876 at the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet the attitude that the fate of the Presidency demands in such a situation is quite distinct from the simple courage that can proceed with battles to be fought , regardless of the consequences . (Filtered Words: 0)
It won't be a `` tea '' , however , but more of an international folk song festival , with singers from Chicago's foreign groups to sing Christmas songs from around the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See Chapter 12 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This did not mean that married students could not enroll in other `` mixed '' sections , and some of them , largely because of scheduling difficulties , did . (Filtered Words: 0)
The various mathematical processes can be simplified by carrying the results to only two or three decimal places . (Filtered Words: 0)
We trust that you , as a gun and ammunition dealer , have benefited through additional sales of equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
But no : Prokofieff grew . (Filtered Words: 0)
One characteristic of the spirit in community is its givenness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] had a list which she said contained about nine or ten discrepancies between her memory of Dr. [FILTERED]'s conversation and how they were written up for the board's approval . (Filtered Words: 2)
My `` touchstones , had , been strictly '' literature and , humanly enough , American literature ( because that was what I wanted to write ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was icy cold and tasted delicious . (Filtered Words: 0)
The facsiport rolled open on the landscape . (Filtered Words: 0)
What was omitted from `` A Neglected Education '' were those essentials known as `` the facts of life '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
he might be Mrs. [FILTERED]'s murderer or have played some part in her death . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You'll get a job there . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked , turning slowly . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not much better if he meets with old classmates . (Filtered Words: 0)
( The penalties handed out in the electrical case , which included jail sentences , were unprecedented in anti-trust prosecutions , perhaps because the conspirators had displayed unusual ineptness in their pricing activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spoke , in a voice as immaculate as his appearance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The innocence that they tried to conceal at the beginning is clearly destroyed forever when one of them , asking for a piece of lemon-meringue pie , gets a plate of English muffins instead . (Filtered Words: 0)
With her son evidencing so strong a musical bent his mother could do little else but get him started on the study of music -- though she waited until he was ten -- beginning with the piano and following that with the trumpet . (Filtered Words: 0)
When in place , a well-cemented band actually protects the part of the tooth that is covered . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sit down '' , he said , `` and enjoy your drink and look for your checkbook later . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of long experience I have found that incidental figures and other objects like trees , logs , and bushes can be traced from the original sketch and moved about in the major areas on the final sheet until they occupy the right position , which I call clicking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Palfrey was determined that his portion of the slaves be converted to wage laborers during the transition period before emancipation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The value-system of a community or society is always correlated with , and to a degree dependent upon , a more or less shared system of religious beliefs and convictions . (Filtered Words: 0)
or under ' Four Stems ' , I set off by asterisks cases where the combined N of stems Af was Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told me to wake you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wore grey every day , and white every evening . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then he thought Todman might be right . (Filtered Words: 0)
The primary consideration in the compilation of this list was convenience in discussing the questionnaire with company officers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I will , kitten '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
indeed , the contrary has happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
We walked miles and saw various shrines and gardens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , Allied Arts has booked [FILTERED] there for a week starting Dec. 4 . (Filtered Words: 1)
I gave you a drink and then you went to sleep '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A woman met a famous author at a literary tea . (Filtered Words: 0)
His portrayal of an edgy head-in-the-clouds artist is virtually flawless . (Filtered Words: 0)
They will also supply literature on application . (Filtered Words: 0)
( This goes for getting a drink tray ready , and for having a big cooler full of ice on hand long before the party begins . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was nothing quite like being alone on a boat on the ocean . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this latest addition to the Great Letters Series , under the general editorship of [FILTERED] , Miss [FILTERED] has made a selection which admirably displays the variety of [FILTERED]'s genius , not to mention the felicities of his style . (Filtered Words: 3)
In the f-plane the coordinates of the corresponding point are Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
he and his prospective producer just read the bestseller lists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither was his wife . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it is still very far from certain how valid the party's claim is that in `` a growing number of kolkhozes '' the peasants are finding it more profitable , to surrender their private plots to the kolkhoz and to let the latter be turned into something increasingly like a state farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
In private life , [FILTERED] is Mrs. [FILTERED] and on the go most of the time commuting from Dallas , where they maintain an apartment , to their California home in Los Angeles' suburban Bel-Air to their ranch in Pecos , New Mexico . (Filtered Words: 2)
Mrs. [FILTERED] asked sadly , when he came in . (Filtered Words: 1)
This initiates the second step of glossary lookup -- connecting the information cell of forms in the text-form list to dictionary forms . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other words , these curves have only fixed intersections common to them all . (Filtered Words: 0)
His toes pointed out toward the walls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ever since he had first begun to study music and to teach it , [FILTERED] had dreamed of piercing through to fame as the result of a successful opera . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Now that Bruno Walter is virtually in retirement and my dear friend [FILTERED] is no longer with us , I am probably the only one -- with the possible exception of [FILTERED] -- who has this special affinity for and champions the works of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 4)
Article 6 , entry into force (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes she took the path that winds up around my cottage to the walk at the edge of the cliff . (Filtered Words: 0)
Careful , don't disturb her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There will be no women aboard the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I wish you wouldn't tell [FILTERED] I'm lukewarm ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Fellowship by likeness '' and `` mission by friendly contact '' form the iron cage of denominational religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Will that pay for a pint I can take with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
A wreath will be placed at the tomb of [FILTERED] , one of this Nation's first Masons -- a past master of Washington-Alexandria Lodge 22 in Alexandria . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fleet asked the same question about Bridget , and [FILTERED] pointed out that as far as she knew Bridget had gone up to her room before her father's murder and came down when she called her . (Filtered Words: 1)
Experiments were done at 180 , 200 , 210 , and 220-degrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
She quickly exploited the exalted position she now occupied , by harassing the disorganized males and even putting many of them to death . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the 1960-1961 season , The Carleton Players have announced Blood Wedding by [FILTERED] , The Knight Of The Burning Pestle by Beaumont and Fletcher and A Moon For The [FILTERED] by [FILTERED] , with a pre-season production of The [FILTERED] Menagerie by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 5)
He then offered his own estimate of the weather , which was unenthusiastic . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the healthy inventory position of the textile industry lends support to the broadly expressed belief that improvement in that industry can be expected by the second half of 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional entries must be made from time to time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not through fear of disobeying orders , as Eichmann kept trying to explain , but through a peculiar giddiness that began in a half-acceptance of the vicious absurdities contained in the Nazi interpretation of history and grew with each of [FILTERED]'s victories into a permanent light-mindedness and sense of magical rightness that was able to respond to any proposal , and the more outrageous the better , `` Well , let's try it '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In her letter to [FILTERED] , `` E. B. '' , the Quakeress from Newport , had suggested that the American people owed more honor to [FILTERED] for seeking to free the slaves than they did to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
However , in this case as elsewhere it was necessary to arrive at a single standard to be applied to all situations , representing an averaging of conditions , and thus to fix particular points in time which would be considered the dividing points between daytime and nighttime conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only that curious , animal grunting [FILTERED] had heard during their fight . (Filtered Words: 1)
He shouted . (Filtered Words: 0)
They gave the room a strange note of incongruity , like a mole on a beautiful face . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was taller than Aggie . (Filtered Words: 0)
You would call these the motives of crime . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the care-free indolence of the East he sees the last reflection of the old happy existence , and for that reason he loves it . (Filtered Words: 0)
and ( 6 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The precise mechanism for organification of iodine in the thyroid is not as yet completely understood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quite a few laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eventually the bubbles became lost in the sparkle of the ocean surface , and he rolled over on his back . (Filtered Words: 0)
no . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose [FILTERED] knew it . (Filtered Words: 1)
but the mood is not quite nostalgic -- Hardy would not allow sentiment to soften his sense of the irredeemable pastness of the past , and the eternal deadness of the dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
The essential difference between the new trans-illuminated boards and existing billboards is that the former , constructed of translucent plastic panels , are lighted from within . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somehow she was attractive . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it was small consolation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reaching across the side of the stall , he slapped the buckskin on the rump . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the films seen as they came in ( coordinated for the regular sections ) , were often out of context . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact he seemed delighted to get rid of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
This leads to the conclusion that `` the fact is inescapable that America does have a say in whether or not apartheid shall continue '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next day he was gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pets in apartments (Filtered Words: 0)
Andrei peeled off five one-thousand-zloty notes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fences stretched on endlessly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had style : he held his reins in a loose bunch at the third button of his checked Epsom surtout , and when the horses leaned at a curve , as if bent by the force of a gale , he leaned with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taking a personal interest , she had the doctor assigned to the White House , Dr. [FILTERED] , look [FILTERED] over . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` All of us -- every goddam roach and worm and killer in that jungle . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fourth name was ( John ) Milton of Christ's College , followed by ( [FILTERED] ) [FILTERED] of Peterhouse , who matriculated 16 October 1624 . (Filtered Words: 2)
The lines connecting the wedge-shaped dogs represent the locking bars at right angles to the tappet bars . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
the halls were empty and they passed down the stairs to number nine and listened at the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , the Defense Atomic Support Agency sponsored a long-range study at this Institute on the response of massive suspension cultures of mammalian cells to acute radiation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten thousand twisty miles of shoreline frame the 30-odd lakes in the vast Tennessee River system that loops in and out of seven states . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men fortified a blockhouse and got ready to fight , but meanwhile appealed to the King and again tried to arbitrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
B . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly , one day , up it pops ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The honor of the Belgians in this matter is not to be questioned -- only their judgment . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. John 3 : 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now an abiding difficulty of paragraphs like the foregoing is that they appear to preach ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Where his predecessors had glowered , [FILTERED] smiled . (Filtered Words: 1)
No one would question such an errand . (Filtered Words: 0)
It cannot , however , be referred to by electronic switch commands , e.g. , ESN , BSN , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heidenstam's conception , on the contrary , was to revive the present by the memories of the past . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he relaxed that day , Martin realized how tense he had been these past weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a nice day , granted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here's a household hint : if you can't find your children , and get tired of calling them , pick up the phone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last summer [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] were in Alaska . (Filtered Words: 2)
It is significant , too , that the older teen-agers I interviewed believed , unlike the younger ones , that Jewish students tend to do better academically than their gentile counterparts . (Filtered Words: 0)
That purpose has never changed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A drawing of the structure is to be found in reference 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The voice issued from the cavern of the hall below . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt unutterably weary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most manufacturers were now disposed to heed a proposal for the formal interchange of patents . (Filtered Words: 0)
You haven't got the heart for baseball '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Never mind '' , she said sternly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mileage allowances for state employees are of two types : ( A ) actual mileage and ( B ) fixed monthly allowances . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be such a relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the matter , [FILTERED] , you scared of me ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
To the Zen monk the universe is still populated with `` spiritual beings '' who have to be appeased . (Filtered Words: 0)
But his only hat was something else again . (Filtered Words: 0)
They supplemented their income by small government assistance , by tutoring and economizing wherever they could . (Filtered Words: 0)
We do not arrive at spatial images by means of the sense of touch by itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cafe Society opens formally this afternoon under its new ownership . (Filtered Words: 0)
After planking , the bottom gets a layer of Fiberglas . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the assignment pass , each instruction is examined for reference to the symbolic name of an index word or electronic switch . (Filtered Words: 0)
( In the graveyard at Nairobi he had been shown the graves of thirty-four big game hunters killed hunting the animals he was attempting to lasso . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw holes in planes at the airport and in cars in the streets . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any event Rector sent him to the local hospital to have it checked , telling him to keep his ears open while he was in the village to see if he could find out what Kayabashi was planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
She might peel him , once the worst of the agony was over . (Filtered Words: 0)
A variety of data are assembled to bear upon such alleged changes as diminished puritan morality , work-success ethic , individualism , achievement , lessened emphasis on future-time orientation in favor of sociability , moral relativism , consideration and tolerance , conformity , hedonistic present-time orientation . (Filtered Words: 0)
An electric toothbrush ( Broxodent ) may soon take its place next to the electric razor in the American bathroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was like he was . (Filtered Words: 1)
She said sharks have no bones and shrimp swam backward . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stared into a cadaverous face . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
These units make it easy to load as much as 48,000 bd/ft ( say 120,000 lb in a 50' box car ) much more than the average for loose-loaded cars . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he looked up from picking at a leg ulcer , he saw a marine in the jungle across the clearing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The prediction was correct . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pulling strings (Filtered Words: 0)
As the background discussion indicated there were frequently expressed doubts that a government dominated by either party could fairly administer elections . (Filtered Words: 0)
I looked at the chart for reassurance . (Filtered Words: 0)
To almost two generations of Americans it must have seemed as though the existence of Mr. [FILTERED] coincided with that of the House . (Filtered Words: 1)
Due to the fact that building codes and regulations vary so much throughout the country , the first thing to do is to find out what , if any , they are . (Filtered Words: 0)
Acting only as interpreter [FILTERED] , her hands folded on her lap , was utterly impersonal . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Gilborn's secretary ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But fenced or unfenced , no pool-side is the place for running or horseplay . (Filtered Words: 0)
He rose from his chair . (Filtered Words: 0)
These programs are volumes of waste paper and lost hours if the citizens of a community must stand aside while land developers tell them when , where , and in what manner the community shall grow . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he waited for her to say , `` Oh , no , I can do it , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Does any sane Democrat believe that Mr. [FILTERED] , a person unknown even to his constituency and his colleagues , without a word or act in the public life of his country , past or present , that can be shown to be his to commend him , could by any possibility be elected President of the United States ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The unhealthy use of denial in the initial reaction to a stress must be handled through the medium of a positive controlled transference . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the cocktail party would appear to be the ideal system , but there is one weakness . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was delivered in a forthright way , without coyness and over-pretended interest -- an admirable way with children . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could become an acute problem in the coming fiscal year . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tide turns (Filtered Words: 0)
He treats it with a mythological , universal application . (Filtered Words: 0)
So you're not tryin , [FILTERED] , you bastard you . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'm angry '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before losing itself in the sands of the 19th Century , the grand stream of Italian Renaissance architectural decoration made a last appearance in the Brumidi frescos of the Capitol Rotunda in Washington . (Filtered Words: 0)
He doubted if a man could wade as far as the desolate , dry hills that rimmed the valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even as she was telling me about it I became aware of a give-away flush that suffused her neck and moved upwards to her cheeks , and subconsciously I realized that when she entered the store she did not switch on the lights . (Filtered Words: 0)
The colored people are getting employment at Kent House and other places , and they are near their places of employment . (Filtered Words: 0)
My people await you on the shore . (Filtered Words: 0)
The top of the sample was nearly flat and the bottom hemispherical . (Filtered Words: 0)
During summer vacation periods these records are stored in the office of the principal . (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't stop killing . (Filtered Words: 0)
any such reference will make the index word or electronic switch unavailable at the end of this pass . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the complex of singular lines is of order K and since there is no complex of invariant lines , it follows from the formula Af that the order of the involution is Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's no doubt this [FILTERED] sneaked back and killed Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
During moments of intense crisis the responsibility of political leaders is overwhelming . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nuclear magnetic resonance ( NMR ) measurements (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Things may smooth over yet '' , [FILTERED] said , his nice lean face grave with honest concern . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Hello , Ed '' , said Tilghman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an instrument is expected to be especially useful if it could be used to measure the elasticity of heavy pastes such as printing inks , paints , adhesives , molten plastics , and bread dough , for the elasticity is related to those various properties termed `` length '' , `` shortness '' , `` spinnability '' , etc. , which are usually judged by subjective methods at present . (Filtered Words: 0)
Willis glanced at the bound pages given him and shrugged . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , much as she detested [FILTERED] , she also did not accuse him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since there is a continual loss of micrometeoritic material in space because of the radiation effects , there must be a continual replenishment : otherwise , micrometeorites would have disappeared from interplanetary space . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , for both sexes , the 21 transverse lines in the Onset Profile vary more in individual spread than those in the Completion Profile . (Filtered Words: 0)
This means much to the American tradition . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That House & Home Round Table was the real starting point for today's revolution in materials handling '' , says [FILTERED] , long chairman of the Lumber Dealers' Research Council . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thirty-five (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the great edge the two Yankees have going for them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like everything else in Rome , ruins and monuments alike , that house is lived in . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it should be far better known than it is . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us put to ourselves the hypothesis that we had not come on the scene and that the rabbit never was discovered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take it easy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are obvious reasons of convenience for this practice of excluding `` cost of capital '' from the direct apportionment of annual costs among the different classes of service -- notably , the avoidance of the controversial question what rate of return should be held to constitute `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , `` I guess the Lord looks out for fools , drunkards , and innocents '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I looked closely at his eyes , and he was already innocent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Every time you transplant a pansy you cause its flowers to become smaller . (Filtered Words: 0)
In such a case , any attitude would be as fitting or unfitting as any other , which means that the notion of fitness has lost all point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other tax-exempt bonds of State and local governments hit a price peak on February 21 , according to Standard & Poor's average . (Filtered Words: 0)
They care no more for politics , says Mr. [FILTERED] , than they do for a symphony . (Filtered Words: 1)
An Anglican clergyman in Oxford sadly but frankly acknowledged to me that this is true . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hand in hand with hope went things like terror and apprehension . (Filtered Words: 0)
elasticity of macromolecular networks (Filtered Words: 0)
Vermont's sugar maples are scarlet from Sept. 25 to Oct. 15 , and often hit a height in early October . (Filtered Words: 0)
all which cost me at the least 20 pounds '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Photographing in the Northeast (Filtered Words: 0)
Beverages are made from seeds the world over . (Filtered Words: 0)
with a few telling strokes he characterized Alvise magnificently . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brooklyn College is [FILTERED] territory , as much as the Bronx or Central Park West . (Filtered Words: 1)
Also given are several laboratory wash procedures in general use . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some significant new items see the pictures . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked suddenly . (Filtered Words: 0)
chemical studies are being pursued with the cooperation of K.G. Untch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exhibited in shows in London in 1935 , and in New York the following year , the new , more elaborated abstracts were much favored in the circles of the modernists as three-dimentional dramas of great intellectual coherence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or in more Freudian terms , the experience may serve to sublimate our destructive urges and strengthen the ego and superego . (Filtered Words: 0)
On being criticized for his arbitrary behavior -- he answered : `` I have to make decisions . (Filtered Words: 0)
We visited the Okamoto home -- where for the first time I saw the famous tea ceremony . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feeds and speeds (Filtered Words: 0)
To get started , he does not scan the world about him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
claims are properly disposed of according to norms common to all parties . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chairman [FILTERED] Mears pointed out that perhaps this was not strictly a school board problem , in case of atomic attack , but that the board would cooperate so far as possible to get the children to where the parents wanted them to go . (Filtered Words: 1)
Is it for me to be forbidden the flesh you made grow on me ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A dour , gangling man with a choppy gait , Colmer looks younger than his 70 years , has gradually swung from a moderate , internationalist position to that of a diehard conservative . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the Supreme Court's decision of that year this is more doubtful ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A proposal to raise dog license fees drew an objection from Councilwoman Virginia Knauer , who formerly raised pedigreed dogs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He jumped . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Peanuts are the world's second most important legume . (Filtered Words: 0)
The distinction between domiciled ( de jure ) and present ( de facto ) population was not clearly defined . (Filtered Words: 0)
I never dreamed of the logistical difficulties involved until , at long last , both of my boys got squeezed into high school . (Filtered Words: 0)
of the stereotyped Negro servants chanting hymns as they plow the fields ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The batting average of one success out of seven increased to one out of three . (Filtered Words: 0)
Goodby , Mr. [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
Nurses' training here doesn't cost anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four (Filtered Words: 0)
Drill a No. 43 hole through the pieces and secure with a 2-56 nut and screw . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was torn between the excitement in the sun-inflamed waters and a little engine chugging northward on the Monticello Branch . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is precisely what happened when the Puerto Ricans arrived in their thousands -- and the bitterness thus caused is , as I write , being fought out all up and down those streets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why should I ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The third type , however , wrenches attention from the life of action and interests in the community and focuses it on the ground of being on which the community depends for its existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Chancellor had as much business there as Ulbricht had in East Berlin -- and was certainly less provocative than the juvenile sound-truck taunts of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
but all the same he thought now , uneasily , of the way in which [FILTERED] earned his living -- and paid for his own stuff -- and eyed the soft smile , and the spaniel-like dark eyes , and he felt a little ill . (Filtered Words: 1)
and among works of dystopian science fiction , not all provide intelligent criticism and very few have much merit as literature -- but then real quality has always been scarce in science fiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when waves with a period of between 10 and 40 minutes begin to roll over the ocean , they set in motion a corresponding oscillation in a column of mercury which closes an electric circuit . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] took to heart the advice given him by his legal mentor , [FILTERED] , to `` pursue the study of the law , rather than the gain of it '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` I forgot . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was framed in maroon drapes , and no faces were visible . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is far too much at stake for all of the parties concerned to leave the matter hanging in midair . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , who knew , that might be coming one of these days . (Filtered Words: 0)
He began the dialogue by having his wife announce that one does not invade people's homes without warning them that one is coming , and went on from that with the entire catalogue of his social gaucheries . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems reasonable that if general nuclear war is not to be one cataclysmic act of burning each other's citizens to cinders , we must have a manned strategic force of long-endurance aircraft capable of going into China or Russia to find and destroy their strategic forces which continued to threaten us . (Filtered Words: 0)
Increases rate of gain and improves feed efficiency , aids in the prevention or treatment ( depending on level fed ) of the early stages of shipping fever , prevents or treats bacterial diarrhea , and aids in reducing incidence of bloat and liver abscesses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Necessity for an over-all concept (Filtered Words: 0)
Looking around slowly , he saw a marble fireplace , a desk , a low bookcase of mahogany with criss-crossed brass wire instead of glass panes in the doors . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was even more startled when he heard what [FILTERED] wanted . (Filtered Words: 1)
Science has simply left us helpless and powerless in this important sector of our lives . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blood in the bathtub where the murderer appears to have washed his hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Preparation for membership (Filtered Words: 0)
I squeezed the trigger . (Filtered Words: 0)
The glorious news had been held up pending Heavenly confirmation of the elevation of a new Supreme Bishop , [FILTERED] -- a candidate accepted by the Boone faction after lots had been cast repeatedly . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] A Case Of Conscience ( 1958 ) describes a world hiding from its own weapons of destruction in underground shelters ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The comic indefinite comprises an extensive class of comedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] grew up in the bustle and enterprise of New England between 1810 and 1830 . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Just hold it that way '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tactics studied in Geneva (Filtered Words: 0)
These are but a sampling of the insults I endured . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again Dill hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The chines go in the same way except that they are made of two pieces of two-inch wood for strength and easier bending . (Filtered Words: 0)
McBride staggered into the street , flopped sprawling in the stinging dust . (Filtered Words: 0)
Great thought has been given to making life easier for the growing boating population of the country ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
it gives something of dignity even to a bad one '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their presence is not as frightening as the discontent which creates their opportunity . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mi diapiace , [FILTERED] , ma insomma . (Filtered Words: 1)
His head undulated gradually , covering space , to come straining beneath the taut belly within the warmth of those teats . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , casework involving a limited number of interviews is still to be regarded in terms of the quality of service rendered rather than of the quantity of time expended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of the means of publication -- science-fiction magazines and cheap paperbacks -- and because dystopian science fiction is still appearing in quantity the full range and extent of this phenomenon can hardly be known , though one fact is evident : the science-fiction imagination has been immensely fertile in its extrapolations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Opaque cantaloupe and transparent wood brown were used . (Filtered Words: 0)
His soil was `` nothing special '' , just prairie land , but he had harrowed in compost until it was loose , spongy and brown-black . (Filtered Words: 0)
You think : `` Did he feel that way about me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Ringing the ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were fences in the old days when we were children . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the family is the simplest example of just such a unit , composed of people , which gives us both some immunity from , and a way of dealing with , other people . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is the cost ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Back circle (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who's telling Guardino '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , we can administer an aid program in such a manner as to promote the development of responsible programing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The images themselves , like their counterparts in experience , are not neutral qualities to be surveyed dispassionately ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the small group will be the junior and senior Mrs. [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He just didn't want to talk about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
But these accounts do not show that [FILTERED] have been subjected to embarrassment or provocation by Yankee-hatred displayed in social gatherings . (Filtered Words: 1)
Damp also . (Filtered Words: 0)
As to our action , let us align ourselves with the purpose expressed by Jesus in the Lord's Prayer : `` Thy kingdom come , Thy will be done , on earth as it is in heaven '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Looking young for your age '' means `` for your age '' and it means no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
I worked for a day on this plainly ridiculous assignment and consulted several of my own well-informed sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone in the ball park seemed to be standing and shouting . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did you ever know a man with greater zest for information ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Penny lowered her eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The system tended to break down during the war , but was reactivated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Radio observations of Venus and Jupiter have already supplied unexpected experimental data on the physical conditions of these planets . (Filtered Words: 0)
The corporation proposed Chief Justice [FILTERED] for an arbiter , sending him a gift of sack and claret . (Filtered Words: 1)
He looked down over the banister at the hotel desk , with the telephone and pen set . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no ring of animal corpses . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mean temperature of the surface was then computed according to the following relation : Af where x is the fraction of the plug area covered by the hot spot . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am only a simple soldier . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a somewhat unusual thing for a reporter to have a contract in those days before the epidemic of syndicated columnists . (Filtered Words: 0)
What was it to Prokofieff ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When a dancer does well , she provokes a quiet bombardment of dollar bills -- although the Manhattan clubs prohibit the more cosmopolitan practice of slipping the tips into the dancers' costumes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Curtis [FILTERED] , 41 , of 1630 Lake Av. , [FILTERED] , was arrested yesterday on a suppressed federal warrant charging him with embezzling an undetermined amount of money from the First Federal Savings and Loan association , 1 [FILTERED] , where he formerly was employed as an attorney . (Filtered Words: 3)
A `` mental image '' subconsciously impressing us from beneath its language symbols in wakeful thought , or consciously in light sleep , is actually not an image at all but is comprised of realities , viewed not in the concurrent sensory stream , but within the depths of the fourth dimension . (Filtered Words: 0)
The woman in the house where the niece was staying backed up his story and said she left when he did to shop for her dinner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lumumba and Kasavubu blamed it all on the military intervention by the Belgians , and appealed to the United Nations to send troops to oust them . (Filtered Words: 0)
A number of foods are quite acceptable as regards taste and palatability , however , at dosages substantially less than sterilization levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
How did one attach anything to a stone wall , for that matter ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You could take me to St. Peter's '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its sphere is that of royal courts , dynastic quarrels , and vaulting ambitions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sources of data : (Filtered Words: 0)
The Onset Profile and Completion Profile are constructed to serve as norms for children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost everything about the movies that is peculiarly of the movies derives from a tension created and maintained between narrative time and film time . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is precisely what happened when the Puerto Ricans arrived in their thousands -- and the bitterness thus caused is , as I write , being fought out all up and down those streets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Public libraries in Nassau County have been lending books to each other by mail for a quarter-century , but the system enables this process to operate on an organized and far more comprehensive basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wooden butter molds and cookie presses . (Filtered Words: 0)
That finished me with Thelma . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stories Everyone really knows what is happening there '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their flight was delayed , [FILTERED] said , when a boarding ramp inflicted some minor damage to the wing of the plane . (Filtered Words: 1)
Neither was Henrietta hoydenish like [FILTERED] , who frankly wished she were a boy and had deliberately shortened her name , which , like Henrietta's , was the feminine form of a boy's name . (Filtered Words: 1)
All too often its conception of parish ministry and pastoral care includes no responsibility for them in their relation to issues of the most desperate urgency for the life of mankind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boun My -- the name means one who has a boun , a celebration , and is therefore lucky -- was born in Savannakhet , the Border of Paradise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is there any way out of the predicament ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Standard years -- eighty-four years , seven months , three days , two hours , eleven and one half minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead , the audience can sit back at ease and , from the perspective of an enlightened time which no longer believes in such things , enjoy the dead seriousness with which the characters in the play take the witches and devils which are under discussion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wound-tumor virus is a leafhopper transmitted virus not easily transmissible by mechanical inoculation ( Black , 1944 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A team feels something . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said that she must be assured that `` that other woman , [FILTERED] , will not be in luxury while I am scraping along '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
This is followed by a boom in conferences . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If it gave me pleasure to say hard things '' , he wrote , `` I would shut up forever '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Local police have hesitated to prosecute them because of the heavy court costs involved even for the simplest offense . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there's a subjective side to that utopian outlook . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , if the target can significantly change its location in something less than 30 minutes , the probability of having destroyed it is drastically lowered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even in its most conventional appearance , the guests' song of praise to Marina , there are a few female dissenters criticizing the princess for her coldness . (Filtered Words: 0)
In order to simplify the exposition of a typical fully apportioned cost analysis , let us assume the application of the analysis to an electric utility company supplying a single city with power generated by its own steam-generation plant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elaborate studies have been made in labor surplus areas in order to identify sufficient numbers of local job vacancies and future replacement needs for certain skills to justify training programs for those skills . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two men resemble each other closely in their cunning , their egotism , their relentlessness . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` I'm not going to leave my wife and my car out here in sight of those '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , she consulted medical authorities and learned that the devices her quack `` doctor '' was using were phony . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nostalgia week at Lewisohn Stadium , which had begun with the appearance of the 70-year-old [FILTERED] on Tuesday night , continued last night as [FILTERED] led the list of celebrities in an evening of French operatic excerpts . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was coarse , almost insulting , this harsh appraisal , and she has never come to see me since . (Filtered Words: 0)
I treated them fair '' (Filtered Words: 0)
In this respect , his approach to poetry-and-jazz is in marked contrast to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the physical sciences , these achievements concern electricity , chemistry , and atomic physics . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am usually filled with an uneasiness that through some unwitting slip all hell may break loose . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
therefore we need guardians to demonstrate against the ghastly stupidity of nuclear weapons and jolt the people out of their complacency '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , at seventeen , learns his story and goes forth as a knight to uncover his origins . (Filtered Words: 1)
there is room for you , too , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
This kind of irresponsibility toward their students can scarcely build a strong professional attitude in the future designer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unanimously they believe that the world would become a safer place if more of us -- and more Russians and Communist Chinese , too -- thought about accidental war . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Throw a little nuclear hardware at them ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Mines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly one of them shouted , ran a few feet , bent forward and put his mouth to the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
This doctrine was repugnant to my moral sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Answer (Filtered Words: 0)
The single shot would come ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Other conceivable goals , such as character-education and social adjustment , are of secondary importance to them . (Filtered Words: 0)
A trap for throwing these miniature clays fastens to the barrel so that the shooter can throw his own targets . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've been after her for years '' , [FILTERED] said , `` but I've never been able to get anywhere until the last few days '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
there was no hurry . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a straight , solid , once-in-a-lifetime shot ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For Athabascan , with a greater range of stems , the first two of five corresponding columns were identical , 1 and 2 stems ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Like most Democratic spokesmen , Carvey predicts 1962 will be a tremendously `` partisan year '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must deal with the question of how to manage a part when it cannot be handled without relation to the whole -- when the whole is too large to grasp . (Filtered Words: 0)
By virtue of the legal responsibilities of the Department of Employment in the farm placement program , we necessarily found ourselves in the middle between these two forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
In an attempt to reverse the downhill trend by stimulating the bone marrow and controlling any hemolytic component , triamcinolone , 16 mg. daily , was begun on Sept. 26 , 1958 , and continued until Feb. 18 , 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The South (Filtered Words: 0)
The earth was a little heavy and I had to stop once and clean the plowshares because they were not scouring properly , and I did not look back towards the place until I had turned the corner and was plowing across the upper line of the large field , a long way from where I had stopped because of the snake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another Reb writing under similar circumstances before Atlanta reported : `` the Yankees keep shooting so I am afraid they will knock over my ink , so I will close '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't think so '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Super again elected (Filtered Words: 0)
It was stopping . (Filtered Words: 0)
Paper electrophoresis . (Filtered Words: 0)
A top American official , after a look at Europe's factories , thinks the U.S. is in a `` very serious situation '' competitively . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Does he ever bore you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But if the administration should find it does not need the $28 million for a grant-in-aid program , a not unlikely conclusion , it could very well seek a way to use the money for other purposes . (Filtered Words: 0)
It accounts for so many things . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similar findings have been noted in a patient with congenital absence of the organification enzymes , whose thyroid tissue could only concentrate iodide . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Howard '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` J'ai faim '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
if it smells of cork , one has grounds for suspicion . (Filtered Words: 0)
B . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Your wife just called '' , she said , separating one word from another , exactly like a child . (Filtered Words: 0)
for she knew and we knew that it was cowardice that had made one more radish that night just too impossible a strain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The crowd consequently breaks up into temporary groups ranging in size from two to six , with a half-life for the cluster ranging from three to twenty minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
That which I found most profound and most disturbing appeared to evoke a curiously muted reaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The United States and its allies have had no objection to this . (Filtered Words: 0)
results vary with types of food , storage conditions , and objectives of treatment -- commonly of the order of 0.2 Mrads but up to about 0.8 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
The three men stepped out to the side to wait for Captain Clemens' signal . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm sure you won't mind doing me a small favor '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know , Mr. [FILTERED] '' , he said haltingly , beginning to get an inkling of [FILTERED]'s plans . (Filtered Words: 1)
The volume was completed in 1950 and published in 1951 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is crucial that here , unlike Burford , the trial court was ordered to retain the case until the state courts had had a reasonable opportunity to settle the state-law question . (Filtered Words: 0)
The expectation is that first-level supervisors will be selected in approximately equal numbers from the second and third engineering level , with very few coming from the first level . (Filtered Words: 0)
I resented them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He put her down on the couch , and going into the kitchen , saw that the boy had dropped into a chair beside the table . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a short man with a rotunda of stomach , rose . (Filtered Words: 1)
Man had enough to worry about managing to get up there and stay without being burdened with rules once aloft . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] devoted its centenary issue last December 8 to mapping out various aspects of Catholic progress during the last one hundred years . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was my nephew , my brother's son , handsome and warm and newly-scrubbed , with happiness upon his face and his face resembled my brother's and mine as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the more casually constructed musicals of the Nineteen Twenties and Nineteen Thirties there would seem to have been less reason for eliminating a song of merit . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter now furnishes the area with electricity distributed from a modern sub-station at Manchester Depot which was put into operation February 19 , 1930 and was improved in January 1942 by the installation of larger transformers . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't know how and I don't know why but the two stores , the one in Margaretville and the one in Fleischmanns that had been set up as a partnership , were dissolved , separated from each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of them , moreover , are beginning to complain about the scarcity of Western amusements and to ridicule the old life of the bazaar merchant , the mullah , and the peasant . (Filtered Words: 0)
For many immigrants , for many children , the first thing they knew of Israel and freedom was your mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no reply so he shoved it open with his foot and stepped inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seen by the public , the musician is the underdog par excellence . (Filtered Words: 0)
by means of an origin statement which refers to an actual address , the corresponding index word will be reserved . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said nothing until Pietro had slackened their pace . (Filtered Words: 0)
he adheres to its dictates as faithfully as he can . (Filtered Words: 0)
But didn't they get off too easy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His contention was denied by several bankers , including [FILTERED] of Sherman , [FILTERED] of Houston , [FILTERED] of Harlingen and [FILTERED] of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 5)
Thus , on the highroad , a troop of soldiers `` marched in their own dust and sang '' , while on the footpath one man walks alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The windshield glass is shatterproof and Plexiglas is used in the cabin . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was symbolized ( at least for those of us who recognized ourselves in the image ) by that self-consuming , elegiac candle of Edna St. Vincent Millay's , that candle which from the quatrain where she ensconced it became a beacon to us , but which in point of fact would have had to be as tall as a funeral taper to last even the evening , let alone the night . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great absorbency of this tissue and the fact that it is easier to control than a sponge makes it an ideal tool for the watercolorist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mouse deer played around the feet of the elephants , or fled when the mighty legs thrashed too close . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s dark eyes came up and seemed for the tiniest moment to reflect sharp light . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Nobody else can live in your hearth while I am in it '' , Hesperus said promptly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The conductor said to [FILTERED] : `` I don't think you want to talk to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Escape (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll shove along home '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could think of nothing else to tell them : no assurances , no hopeful hints at great discoveries that day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout the period and during the movement operation , the Museum continued its functional support of the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology . (Filtered Words: 0)
As if drawn by a wire the enemy flew into them . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked the same questions inside the launch-control rooms of an [FILTERED] missile base in Wyoming , where officers who wear sidearms are manning the `` commit buttons '' that could start a war -- accidentally or by design -- and in the command centers where other pistol-packing men could give orders to push such buttons . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We won't live long enough if I wait for you , besides which you don't need to worry -- there'll be plenty more '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's getting plenty of rest '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Intervenes in case (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
His nose up . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's leavin . (Filtered Words: 0)
I guess fooling [FILTERED] and me took doing . (Filtered Words: 1)
The last thing I remember is a bar in San Diego '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
In his famous meeting with [FILTERED] a couple of years ago he seemed to believe that he was as funny as [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] was for using it , [FILTERED] against , and Sen. [FILTERED] R-Warren did not mention it when the three Republican gubernatorial candidates spoke at staggered intervals before 100 persons at the Park Hotel . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` All because I didn't feel like dancing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
**yf can readily be determined by measuring the thickness of the coating before and after cutting from the substrate ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He had thought her exactly what he wanted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even in that he never solos like [FILTERED] on guitar or Rich on sax . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
To do this we must first show that every line which meets **zg in a point P meets its image at P . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Out . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't care . (Filtered Words: 0)
I guess fooling [FILTERED] and me took doing . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I might '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reduces losses from stomach , hookworm , and nodular worms by interfering with reproduction of the female worm by reducing the number of eggs laid and essentially rendering all laid eggs sterile . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have checked her in different parts of Europe and Egypt and finally back into this country . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unsuccessful efforts have been made to replace high mileage allowances with state automobiles . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the panjandrum of Wisconsin Socialism and member of Congress , had asked [FILTERED] to translate some of his German editorials into English . (Filtered Words: 2)
They are putting strong pressure on their police departments to keep order . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then I spoke at the ninetieth birthday party of [FILTERED] , who embarked on a fictional trilogy at eighty-nine and who , with The Crisis , had created a Negro intelligentsia that had never existed in America before him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The last three volumes are again more dependent on the past , as Hardy's creative powers declined in his old age . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s study showed that female common garter and ribbon snakes of Michigan mature at about the age of two . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` This is our tultul , a jumping platform , aku . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Much Ado '' ends happily . (Filtered Words: 0)
In these damp circumstances , he was an odds-on bet to develop pneumonia . (Filtered Words: 0)
This system provides long- and short-term credit to farmers and their cooperative marketing , purchasing , and business service organizations . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] and Capone had graver cause to hate and distrust the Irishman . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mercer saw the sun rise on occasion , closed his eyes briefly , and opened them to see stars shining . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cyclist , a sufficiently commonplace young fellow , is not named but identified simply as `` Life '' -- that and a license number , which Piepsam uses in addressing him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brain examined for thrombosis , clot or hemorrhage . (Filtered Words: 0)
She brought the quirt down , slashing it across his cheek , and he tried to step back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still the guards did not move , but stood inert , aloof from the slow-scrambling man . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm not saying you're yellow . (Filtered Words: 0)
If there was such a person , I'm afraid she got away with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
How does Tri-State get its revenue from this plan ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If the would-be joiner asks these questions he is not likely to be duped by extremists who are seeking to capitalize on the confusions and the patriotic apprehensions of Americans in a troubled time . (Filtered Words: 0)
At once the whole band set off at a lope . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only by resorting to molding techniques can the cushion manufacturer hope to compete satisfactorily in the established cushion market . (Filtered Words: 0)
These polar concerns ( imitation vs. formalism ) reflect a philosophical and religious situation which has been developing over a long period of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a 16 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] recognized the man . (Filtered Words: 1)
Save for brief periods in garrison or winter quarters , soldiers rarely enjoyed the luxury of a writing desk or table . (Filtered Words: 0)
They took nearly a month to investigate , marshal statistics , and put their arguments down in black and white . (Filtered Words: 0)
I sat by her on the divan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pohl could receive from 1 to 15 years in prison or probation . (Filtered Words: 0)
No records are available as to the date or extent of installation , but it may have been in 1896 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hovered over her to shield her , for spent bullets were thudding against the rear walls . (Filtered Words: 0)
They export also . (Filtered Words: 0)
The United States Government shall have the right to terminate the financing of further sales under this Agreement of any commodity if it determines at any time after June 30 , 1961 , that such action is necessitated by the existence of an international emergency . (Filtered Words: 0)
I became disgusted at being so preoccupied with the state of my own miserable soul . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such conversation quickly reveals an ethically significant ambivalence in the self-images held by most realtors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many English Catholics are proud of their Catholicism and know that they are in a new ascendancy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The vegetables were not readily metabolized by the bacteria in the aeration unit and tended to float on the surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had gone without a hitch . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd win hands down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Skorich received a three-year contract at a salary believed to be between $20,000 and $25,000 a year . (Filtered Words: 0)
U.S. Dist. Judge [FILTERED] denied all motions made by defense attorneys Monday in Portland's insurance fraud trial . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- ed. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Company rule in Louisiana left the colony without fortifications , arms , munitions , or supplies . (Filtered Words: 0)
their example caused Krim and his friends to put on `` Englishy airs , affect all sorts of impressive scholarship and social-register unnaturalness in order to slip through their narrow transoms and get into their pages '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now for the good points . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stumbled and fell , but it did not hurt . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the Republicans and Southern Democrats join to defeat medical care for the old under the Social Security program , they will thereby erect still another barrier to GOP hopes in the cities . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not that such questions are not asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was true , but only half the truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
bushes swished and scratched at her slacks ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mobile was to be the anchor of a chain of posts extending northward to the sources of the Tennessee River . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a member of Harmony lodge , No. 12 , AF & AM , [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Sintered porous metals should be usable in principle . (Filtered Words: 0)
When combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least embodied in a material substratum , it becomes clear that while earth will be dross on a scale of material-formal ratios , celestial bodies will be of a subtle , quickened , ethereal existence , in whose embodiment pure form will be the dominant component and matter will be absent or remain subsidiary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too much pressure will force the tool beyond its cutting capacity and result in rough cuts and jammed or broken tools . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , to greet them with delight would convert what before was neutral into something good ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The stiff figure in the corner no longer blocked his thoughts . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 The desire to give [FILTERED] as many starts as possible ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
It may appear that we were cruel and callous , but no one had time to spend sympathizing with poor Isaac -- except the Reverend . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , short of fleeing to Warrenton , Virginia , or Rockville , Maryland , white people may have to live with Negroes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stratford's petition to the queen declared that two great fires had burnt two hundred houses in the town , with household goods , to the value of twelve thousand pounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We tried to settle this dispute '' , he said , `` but could never come to an agreement . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were , in effect his last testament to non-objective art . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Because I'm asking . (Filtered Words: 0)
He liked to savor his meat before he tasted it . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is necessary to perceive the extent of foreign aid demanded by the Christian imperative . (Filtered Words: 0)
Edythe settled down to become a social myth and a horrible example . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Peace Corps volunteers are assured a tax benefit under the law creating the agency . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , alas , the authenticity seems to stop at the set's edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
The form of the industry demand function is one which makes quantity demanded vary inversely with the product price , and vary directly with the level of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once it was , [FILTERED] thought . (Filtered Words: 1)
He looked over at him , lying there , asleep , and he felt a wave of revulsion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Rheumatics worse , Pa '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Forgive me , Sandalphon '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I asked him if he took seeds from his own plants . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a witness at court was asked if he had been kicked in the ensuing rumpus , he replied , `` No , it was in the stomach '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But it's just that -- well , you know . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two had been hunting in the [FILTERED] area of town and Mr. [FILTERED] dropped the gun which fired as it struck the ground . (Filtered Words: 2)
At a third stage in the modernization process are such countries as India , Brazil , the Philippines , and Taiwan , which are ready and committed to move into the stage of self-sustaining growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was all of these rolled into one sturdy figure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Police account (Filtered Words: 0)
In its place is a passionate consciousness grasped and molded to feelings of positive or negative values even as the actions of one's life are determined by constellations of process in which one is caught . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't forget to turn it off and close the door good so it'll latch '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since attack serves to stimulate interest in broadcasts , I added to my opening statement a sentence in which I claimed that German youth seemed to lack the enthusiasm which is a necessary ingredient of anger , and might be classified as uninterested and bored rather than angry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thinking on submarine defense has not always been clear-cut . (Filtered Words: 0)
A low-power , `` carrier-current '' broadcasting station , KARL , heard only in the campus dormitories , is owned and operated by the students to provide an outlet for student dramatic , musical , literary , technical , and other talents , and to furnish information , music , and entertainment for campus listeners . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fixed wooden scaffold was removed , and , so as to reach all the frieze , one of pipe , on wheels , built up from the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
What in some ways was the most important aspect was the impact individually on the millions who constituted the nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
U.S. Attorney [FILTERED] said the federal complaint , charged that the juror gave false information when asked about [FILTERED] membership during selection of jury . (Filtered Words: 2)
And anyway [FILTERED] was not the kind of guy who would be likely to get in trouble even when he was drunk . (Filtered Words: 1)
God has already set the day when you will be in His hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their duties include evaluation of the information collected and preparation of recommendations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stanley wasn't like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let N be a linear operator on the vector space V . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's not much of a meal , but it's what I eat '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They spun and flung their rifles up . (Filtered Words: 0)
I want you to be grandfather to these orphaned poems , dear father-brother , now I am gone ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Minneapolis , Minn. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This town should not be confused with Pawtucket , just north of Providence , or Pawcatuck , Connecticut , on the Pawcatuck River , opposite Westerly , Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
Biological agents are , of course , highly host-specific . (Filtered Words: 0)
More he could take at leisure . (Filtered Words: 0)
For men who had left cattle alone after getting their first notices had received no second . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man shoved him into the water , then ran past the cabana . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made a circle with his thumb and fingers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Frenchman's answer was a terse `` Vous dites vrai '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She pushed wartorn and poverty-stricken nations into prosperity , but she failed to lead them into unity and world peace . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] use is multiplying daily , and the bulk of the newcomers are those maligned Americans , the teen-agers . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Oh , I'm so delighted to meet you '' , she gushed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who did not write to Gorham , told Giffen that unless he could operate the plantation as usual for a year , he would sue `` amicably '' to protect his interests . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps perhaps there is a shred of conscience left in the human race . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] enjoyed seeing him start out ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
And the public minus the `` public '' leaves the so-called `` sophisticated '' element -- the element on the other end of the `` public's '' transactions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The long-range aspects of this program are divided into four distinct phases : basic mapping , inventory , analysis and plan and policy formation . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it was something to have seen it floating down through the early morning sunshine , linking the blue of the sky with the blue of the asters by the lake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the problem is essentially one of defining the word `` filling '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Issue no. 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I shall see about getting you a tent '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
when the insoluble fraction was suspended in a volume of saline equal to that of the original serum sample , no complete antibody activity could be detected . (Filtered Words: 0)
another said it should be rubbed with a cut potato three times daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
In flexible urethane foams , we are referring to the range between the highest and lowest temperatures under which the materials' primary performance remains functionally useful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never , he'd once told [FILTERED] , had he encountered any man or situation that called for a gun . (Filtered Words: 1)
and now the East was creating government agencies for which the West doubtless would have to pay . (Filtered Words: 0)
What data there are on growth indicate considerable variation in rate ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither growth nor a development program can be imposed on a country ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Voegelin has analyzed this experience in the case of the stable , healthy community . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fleeting glimpse (Filtered Words: 0)
And the life they lead is undisciplined and for the most part unproductive , even though they make a fetish of devoting themselves to some creative pursuit -- writing , painting , music . (Filtered Words: 0)
The crude wooden boxes of the enemy , our nicely turned gray metal disks . (Filtered Words: 0)
pitchers of water merely appear on the tables . (Filtered Words: 0)
Woe betide the interviewee if he answered vaguely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , the private colleges have increased their tuition rates so much that they have raised an economic barrier which dwarfs their scholarship funds . (Filtered Words: 0)
more private label competition . (Filtered Words: 0)
For he had understood that Betty had been engaged to a boy named [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Could your future , your immediate future , be made to include taking us upstairs , giving us a bit of space in which our friend can work , and making available to him your finger tips '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She indicated a spot a little distance away . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a matter of principle with [FILTERED] , since Britain had declared war in behalf of Poland . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each area has its own historical interests with which much can be done . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I was just sayin' to him that I'm all ready now for anything else you want done '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the eyes of the smallest children seemed malicious . (Filtered Words: 0)
A single 24-hr. composite sample had a BOD of 260 mg/l , indicating a typical domestic sewage . (Filtered Words: 0)
In types 1 , 2 and 3 the bronchial artery terminates in a capillary bed shared in common with the pulmonary artery at the level of the distal bronchiole . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If we left one we'd have to wipe it for fingerprints . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eddie caught up with the ball near the fence and threw it to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had been dreaming . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even at a car's length I could sense that something was wrong , and so I followed her up to the turnaround in front of the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
The data is now interpreted in conjunction with a price chart , usually of a popular stock average . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked over his shoulder at the thin dotting of pursuers . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was an exceptional student . (Filtered Words: 1)
For it is primarily in community that we know and experience spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Formerly he had noticed them -- now he felt them . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s son was rejected . (Filtered Words: 1)
Chlortetracycline ( Aureomycin ) what it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
my nerves are as strong . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is equipped with electronic controls that can be set to hold precise tension and speed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It labels the slums , especially the Negro slums , as dead-end streets for hundreds of thousands of youngsters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Party leaders came out of the final meeting apparently satisfied and stated that complete agreement had been reached on a solution to the crisis created by the elections which left no party with enough strength to form a government on its own . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eight field guns were captured in position . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Germanic poet had such aids in the kennings , which provided for the difficulties of alliteration ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Our last joint venture , Sainted Lady , a deeply religious film based on the life of [FILTERED] , and timed so that its release date would coincide with the beatification of America's first saint in November , 1938 , was a fiasco from start to finish . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
He expected Democrats to do their duty when it had been patiently pointed out to them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here's where luck would normally step in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adjusted sales that month were up a relatively steep 2.5% from those of the month before , which in turn were slightly higher than the January low of $17.8 billion . (Filtered Words: 0)
We think differently . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout the Dark ages , it is clear , the Greek world had been developing slowly but consistently . (Filtered Words: 0)
he is simply thrown out of the shop by the porter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The main set of bars are the `` tappets '' and one tappet is connected to each lever . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] May [FILTERED] , ( Miss [FILTERED] 1960 ) says that within a short time -- on June 17th -- her reign will come to an end . (Filtered Words: 3)
[FILTERED] was already in the wagon . (Filtered Words: 1)
But again , there was danger that his lungs would suffer in the muggy Washington weather , and he had to return to the dry climate of the West to live and work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sandburg is in constant demand as an entertainer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The current monthly payroll comes to about $15,000,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Compared to the big , established magazines , my first efforts seemed feeble indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] criticized (Filtered Words: 1)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most delightful spots in a southern tour is the city of New Orleans . (Filtered Words: 0)
What the hell do you think baseball is ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Silence came into the forest -- a solid being that clapped its hand over the murmuring mouths of the birds and the whispered comfort of the trees . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tumbled with [FILTERED] , helpless and in agony , over and over , down the steps . (Filtered Words: 1)
A better life . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went swiftly up the sidewalk toward the parked car with the two Beach detectives in the front seat . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not always easy to develop theory and doctrine which would square the two conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The system well understands that one of its primary responsibilities is to bring children and books together ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They all have this in common : the earth is situated near the center of the deferent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Precise (Filtered Words: 0)
We are preventing or averting pathogenic phenomena such as undue regression , unhealthy suppression and repression , excessive use of denial , and crippling guilt turned against the self . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pilot had been good . (Filtered Words: 0)
Purified inactive chlorine was then added from one of the tubes described above and the mixture frozen out and sealed off in a flask equipped with a break seal . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is , first and foremost , a defender of public morals , a servant of society . (Filtered Words: 0)
It might have been easier for her if [FILTERED] hadn't been everything that Blanche was not . (Filtered Words: 1)
In contrast to the lower turnout of TV , total radio production increased from 15.4 million sets to 16.7 million ( excluding export ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although a look of alarm passed over his face , he did not arrest his movements but disappeared into the shower room just as the chambermaid emerged from number nine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does it attack other traditional American institutions with unsupportable and wild charges ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Prolonged vibration is also undesirable ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He is talking about an action which just as efficaciously does an evil thing ( and is known certainly and unavoidably to lead to this evil result ) as it efficaciously does some good . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spirit and community (Filtered Words: 0)
The National Association of Broadcasters code specifically bars hard-liquor commercials . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , where else can the public see a wagon these days ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The fight over the Warwick School Committee's appointment of a coordinator of audio-visual education may go to the state Supreme Court , it appeared last night . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , `` Well , those are the really interesting things , but if you don't like any of those I can turn over some of my extra typing jobs to you , if you think you can type well enough '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , if you were going to set up a workshop you had to have the proper equipment and that was that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lewis remembered another newspaperman asking , `` [FILTERED] , have your ideas changed any since you got all these comforts '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
He stopped stirring and looked over his shoulder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fluorescence microscopy (Filtered Words: 0)
Prevents and treats acetonemia ( ketosis ) in dairy cows . (Filtered Words: 0)
The questionnaire provided a place for the name of the respondent but stated that identification of the respondent was optional . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President said he will ask Congress to increase grants to states for vocational rehabilitation . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the rate of projection ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything was orderly and it seemed to be arranged for the workman's comfort , convenience and efficiency . (Filtered Words: 0)
Internal national responsibility is a societal response to the impact of the Industrial Revolution . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ptolemy recurrently denies that he could ever explain planetary motion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most seams are sewn with backstitch , especially on curved , slanted or loose edges . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like Lincoln , he can distinguish his relation to God from the constitutional responsibilities a questionable decision exacts of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] traveled with the baseball clubs as staff correspondent for the American . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'll call your mother as soon as I get home . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- I just want to let you know how much I enjoyed your June 25 article on Liberace , and to thank you for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then it was gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have supported the Democratic party in the last five campaigns . (Filtered Words: 0)
A court may strike down a law on the basis of an intuitive feeling that the law is inimical to the numerical majority . (Filtered Words: 0)
it has sought new sympathy for the human aspirations of racial minority groups in this country . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next day he seemed to be in fairly good shape and still in excellent spirits . (Filtered Words: 0)
When irregularity and variation prevent summarizing , information is written in complete detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Subdued . (Filtered Words: 0)
From actions aboard , it is easy to guess that [FILTERED]'s boast of twenty staunch followers was a modest estimate '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It places certain values at least beyond questioning and tampering . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the growing contradiction between individualism and public service in the mystery story which creates this fatal dilemma . (Filtered Words: 0)
The replacement of the slide-lock side safety catch will make this lever-action favorite more appealing than ever since the new safety is easier and faster to operate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh you're joking . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- A Houston teacher , now serving in the Legislature , proposed Thursday a law reducing the time spent learning `` educational methods '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sits there remembering the tense moment before the ball was snapped ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was ten minutes before eleven . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- You talk deep . (Filtered Words: 0)
He put his head out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two bequests were recorded : one of $200 under the will of Mrs. [FILTERED] of Los Angeles ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , Inquisitor-General of the Spanish Inquisition , put many persons to death . (Filtered Words: 1)
While with the [FILTERED] band [FILTERED] met [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
I became disgusted at being so preoccupied with the state of my own miserable soul . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sighed and pulled the wet sweatshirt over his head . (Filtered Words: 1)
Shortcuts unnoticed (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] nodded dully . (Filtered Words: 1)
I supported Cleveland three times and [FILTERED] twice . (Filtered Words: 1)
Evansville , Ind. , Aug. 5 (Filtered Words: 0)
He scarcely saw them . (Filtered Words: 0)
A friend of mine in New Mexico said the Court order had caused no particular trouble out there , that all had gone as merry as a marriage bell . (Filtered Words: 0)
the instrumentalities follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is what necessitates the nonsystematic character of his astronomy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Places , too , have their haunting qualities . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What did you think about [FILTERED] contention of errors and omissions in the Hungarian report '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The former secretary of labor said he was proud to be an Eisenhower Republican `` and proud to have absorbed his philosophy '' while working in his adminstration . (Filtered Words: 0)
and in warfare with any means , men commonly disagree over the justice of the cause . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone on his staff -- he suspected it was [FILTERED] -- intercepted them and for this [FILTERED] was grateful . (Filtered Words: 2)
Where exactly would we go after the movie ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If the administration does not succeed in passing the sales tax bill , or any other tax bill , it could very well be faced this spring at the fiscal session of the Legislature with an interesting dilemma . (Filtered Words: 0)
As she drove , she thought about her plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of school at 14 (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , thank you . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's just barely possible with this crowd that the kidnapper wasn't able to get a table . (Filtered Words: 0)
All bottles must be kept a safe distance away from the pool and drinking glasses are banned in favor of plastic or metal cups . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a historian might put his finger on a specific man and date , and hold out the hope that the troubles will sometime pass away . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the death of their father , they returned to their home in Batavia , New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many studies indicate that elementary-school children's interests cover the whole field of science ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Where such a value system prevails , it always unifies all who possess it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mary was free to marry again , not knowing that the Sturch had secretly given her a divorce , thinking that death had dissolved her marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this is true in the case of some turnpikes on which revenues have risen close to , or beyond , the point at which the roads start to pay all operating costs plus annual interest on the bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Plus-one '' shelters (Filtered Words: 0)
A Protestant woman marveled to me over the large crowds going in and out of the Birmingham Oratory ( Catholic ) Church on Sunday mornings . (Filtered Words: 0)
A substantial rise in new orders and sales of durable goods was reported for last month . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Listen please '' , I called to the students in French . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miami , Fla. , March 17 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon came back to his senses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Human labor was exactly that -- a commodity -- in eighteenth- and nineteenth-century America . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the last two years , this frontier of the arts has produced a number of so-called `` non-dramas '' which have left indelible , bittersweet impressions on the psyche of this veteran theatregoer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , food so processed might reach more remote markets and permit the consumer to enjoy more produce at peak freshness and palatability . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Animals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where his predecessors had glowered , [FILTERED] smiled . (Filtered Words: 1)
The marine came to the edge of the green jungle mist and stayed , as though debating whether to brave the sunlight . (Filtered Words: 0)
These balls are moving in great circles and ellipses , and are of course , the electrons , the particles of negative electricity which by their action create the forces that tie this atom of calcium to the neighboring atoms of oxygen and make up the solid structure of my finger bone . (Filtered Words: 0)
We saw Giuseppe Berto at a party once in a while , tall , lean , nervous and handsome , and , in our opinion , the best novelist of them all except [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] is dead . (Filtered Words: 1)
They thundered at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's to say , he was trigger happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The route was choked with rugged lava-rocks , creepers and bushes , so thickly overgrown that when [FILTERED] lost sight of Ulyate and called , Ulyate answered from ten feet away . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` If you can firmly make the good knight sure to pleasure our Corporation '' , Sturley wrote , `` besides that ordinary allowance for your diet you shall have 20 for recompence '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grinned his father . (Filtered Words: 0)
Principle (Filtered Words: 0)
He is still concerned , however , with a personal event . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the differences in procedure are fundamental . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , for all his sprawling and his easy familiarity , was completely alert to his son , eyes always on the still face , jumping to anticipate Scotty's desires . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` See , Argiento , if you control the way these folds are bunched , like this , or made to flow , you can enrich the body attitudes . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the heat of the summer , the garden solitudes were ours alone ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Alix and [FILTERED] on their wedding day . (Filtered Words: 1)
Had Hoijer substituted for his 15 adjectival slots 15 good animal and plant items , his rate of stem replacement would have been lower and the age of Athabascan language separation smaller . (Filtered Words: 0)
His company then carried out a confused retreating movement until it was surrounded by the Germans , a few days before France capitulated . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mmm '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who was with us last month ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Orlick slouches about the forge `` like Cain '' with `` his hands in his pockets '' , and when he shouts abuse at Mrs. [FILTERED] for objecting to his holiday , she claps her hands in a tantrum , beats them `` upon her bosom and upon her knees '' , and clenches them in her husband's hair . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Fermate '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , the thin film dynodes appear to have a natural diameter limitation wherever a mesh support cannot be tolerated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stand here for a few moments and look at this gem of a fountain with its four youths , each holding a tortoise and each with a foot resting on the head of a dolphin . (Filtered Words: 0)
This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is obvious that such an influence can only be expected in the final stage of an image intensifier at rather high output levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
For his workmanship we are , created in Christ Jesus . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He knocked down the interference and made key stops lots of times . (Filtered Words: 0)
As long as this point of view prevails , the ecumenical movement will be lame and halt . (Filtered Words: 0)
These became `` strays '' , the term bein' restricted to cattle , however , as hosses , under like circumstances , were spoken of as `` stray hosses '' , not merely `` strays '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of Scotch-Irish-Scandinavian descent , [FILTERED] was born in County Down , Ireland . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Deegan '' , the manager said , his voice pitched low , quivering . (Filtered Words: 0)
This observation is of interest not only to students of Homeric poetry but to students of Anglo-Saxon poetry as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this is a theme which does not take so much time to state as Mr. [FILTERED] dedicates to it . (Filtered Words: 1)
He crossed himself again and rose . (Filtered Words: 0)
He suspected something underhanded and furtive about him . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a police car outside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , having this desire , I am very interested in education . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a relief to get rid of the weight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bullets began to snap past him . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of my favorites is A. armata , a species very common in England , where it is sometimes referred to as the lawn bee . (Filtered Words: 0)
We're going '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reaching across the side of the stall , he slapped the buckskin on the rump . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is more than just lack of dance training that is our problem , for just as gymnastics can learn from dance , dance has some very important things to learn from gymnastics . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] for . (Filtered Words: 1)
In most cases service in the Corps will probably be considered a ground for temporary deferment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Score beveled edges and remove pieces from mold ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was now impaled on the horns of a dilemma . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] is a most untraditional traditionalist . (Filtered Words: 1)
For example , suppose a man wearing a $200 watch , driving a 1959 Rolls Royce , stops to ask a man on the sidewalk , `` What time is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She seemed irritated . (Filtered Words: 0)
For southeastern Louisiana , Mobile was the principal post , and it was to furnish supplies for trade to the north and east , in the region threatened by British traders . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Take them '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
That fact is very clearly illustrated in the case of the many present-day intellectuals who were Communists or near-Communists in their youth and are now so extremely conservative ( or reactionary , as many would say ) that they can define no important political conviction that does not seem so far from even a centrist position as to make the distinction between Mr. [FILTERED] and Mr. [FILTERED] for them hardly worth noting . (Filtered Words: 2)
We have considered several of your professionals because they were lamechians and above suspicion . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be good for her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Research and development expenditures connected with the reconnaissance satellite SAMOS and the future development of ballistic missile defense systems such as Nike-Zeus are expected to increase substantially . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or was that after the torso and legs , waist to toe-tips , of the little girl which had grown from his side ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One month ago , on the 20th of October , was the opening of the gunning season in Massachusetts . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , it is in just such a situation that the profundity of Bultmann's argument is disclosed . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought royal status might come her way when , while she was still in Rome , she met [FILTERED] , a personal procurer to King Farouk of Egypt . (Filtered Words: 1)
Under [FILTERED] , 78th Congress , the Federal Government assumed responsibility for 100% of necessary State expenditures in connection with administration and the counseling and placement of the disabled , and for 50% of the necessary costs of providing clients with rehabilitation case services . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some pastors write a letter the same night the decision is reported by the visitors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arrack is distilled from fermented rice in India . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe a further gain is in prospect for 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` About an hour , eh ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There wouldn't be much demand for it , I'm afraid '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he attended the Christian Anti-Communist Crusade school here about six months ago , [FILTERED] became convinced that an individual can do something constructive in the ideological battle and set out to do it . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was only ten months older than he . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed out of the sums covered into any of the funds pursuant to subsection ( B ) of this section , and after making the deduction provided for in Section 7 ( B ) of this Title -- ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
If he took an earlier streetcar than the 11:20 on his return , he could have arrived at the [FILTERED] house shortly after Mr. [FILTERED] came home . (Filtered Words: 1)
she , too , prayed only to God . (Filtered Words: 0)
( One big question : If [FILTERED] was to be purged , what should the House do about the other three senior Mississippians who supported the maverick electors ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Both knew that when trains stopped at Texan crossroads bored soldiers would sometimes enter to ask the passengers if they had any reading material to spare , even a newspaper . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I was hoping you'd say that , Willy . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) In other experiments the indirect conjugate was treated with 3 volumes of ethyl acetate as recommended by Dineen and [FILTERED] ( 1957 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was no sign of Mrs. [FILTERED] at her house on [FILTERED] , Ridgefield , Connecticut . (Filtered Words: 2)
Nor , when we recollect how sensitive were the emotions of the old Puritan stock in regard to the recent tides of immigration , should we be astonished that their thin lips were compressed into a white line of rage as Parker snarled at them thus : `` Talk about the Catholics voting as the bishop tells ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But the result of it all was , E.G.T. partner [FILTERED] believes , an effective distribution of the stock to owners all over the nation . (Filtered Words: 1)
1 time ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Still later , he finally convinced himself that it was an accident -- just a coincidence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two men sat for some time , savoring the pleasure of escape from peril and the relief such escape brings , before they got up and left the hotel , the doctor to go to the conference house and Alex to go to the main post office . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second need is better field techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
As we have already seen in the first chapter , bumblebees are bigger , hairier , and much more colorful than honeybees , exhibiting various combinations of black , yellow , white and orange . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later they would be hoisted into place . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know something about Eromonga . (Filtered Words: 0)
A runt with narrow shoulders and that brush haircut hell , you'd pass for a juvenile delinquent of the hotrod set . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or was it another revolt inside [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The basement or belowground shelters also will serve for tornado or hurricane protection . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] timed it so that they rode in an hour after nightfall . (Filtered Words: 1)
This changes the formula to an `` equation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Man , we are told , is endowed with reason and is capable of distinguishing good from bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
The biggest single act would doubtless be staged by [FILTERED] himself : his Inaugural wardrobe had been designed by Hollywood Couturier [FILTERED] , who regularly makes up ladies' ensembles . (Filtered Words: 2)
She had jumped away from his shy touch like a cat confronted by a sidewinder . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] lifted him gently into the saddle , like a child . (Filtered Words: 1)
But don't tell that to a veteran of the Fighting Seventh , especially in a saloon on Saturday night . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she went on down the list . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But knowing you , I know that you're glad to be alive , and grateful -- and sorry because I killed the snake , even though I had to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fur goodness sake ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , thanks '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What they should recognize is that children who have been placed in one of these groups on a narrow academic basis still differ widely in attributes that influence success , and that they still must be treated as individuals . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw [FILTERED]'s bottle snatched from his hand , saw it go in a swirl of foam just behind the second car . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is the year home runs ranged from the sublime to the ridiculous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nowadays , we talk as though the blitz were just a short skirmish . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' Kenyon , [FILTERED] , and Hudson operated in an `` Anglo-Protestant New Critical chill '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew of but one test and I threw it out to her for what it was worth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The charges caught Pike off balance , coming as they did from an unexpected quarter . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may , however , be noted that his gift for color and imagery must have been greatly stimulated by his stay in Paris . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could have continued testing to the full on the grounds that the radiation danger was far less than the danger of Communist world domination . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] , like [FILTERED] , the bugler boy who carried [FILTERED]'s last message , or [FILTERED] , the one-man Army on [FILTERED] , was a [FILTERED] , through and through . (Filtered Words: 6)
These booze customers had until then been buying their supplies from the Sheldon , Saltis-McErlane , and Druggan-Lake gangs , and now they were competing for trade with the [FILTERED]-Capone saloons ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Of course he would . (Filtered Words: 0)
The demand for the industry's product (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of the performance , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] came out into the brilliantly lit foyer among a surge of gowned and tuxedoed first nighters . (Filtered Words: 2)
He had already quite forgotten about him . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , the bright vision of the future has been directly stated in science fiction concerned with projecting ideal societies -- science fiction , of course , is related , if sometimes distantly , to that utopian literature optimistic about science , literature whose period of greatest vigor in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries produced [FILTERED] [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] A Modern Utopia . (Filtered Words: 3)
I had driven him into the arms of that scheming woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Little by little , during the week , [FILTERED] and I discovered the crazy unbelievable way Nadine and Wally had lived . (Filtered Words: 1)
A marked impulse came to the anti-slavery movement through the [FILTERED] revivals . (Filtered Words: 1)
And , as we know , [FILTERED] are not producing as much as Khrushchev had hoped . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even in areas where political connotations are ( deliberately ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
but this -- yes , terrible step I am about to take is lightened with an inundating joy by the new-found hope that here , in these poems , is treasure -- or at least some measure of beauty , which I did not know of '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ball went off in a majestic arc , an out-of-bounds slice . (Filtered Words: 0)
If clay is slightly out of shape , square straight sides with guide sticks or rulers pressed against opposite sides , or smooth round pieces with damp fingers . (Filtered Words: 0)
In so far as this goal is achieved , the society becomes more fluid , artificial barriers to social mobility are reduced , and people at the lower end of the social hierarchy share more fully in the material and cultural goods of society . (Filtered Words: 0)
One kind of proprietorship (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get the hell out '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gymnast must develop strength , flexibility , coordination , timing , rhythm , courage , discipline , persistence and the desire for perfection . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet we no longer feel uneasy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , I shouldn't complain , I told myself in the shaving mirror . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unsinkable slowed and stopped , hundreds of brilliant white flares swayed eerily down from the black , the air raid sirens ashore rose in a keening shriek , the anti-aircraft guns coughed and chattered -- and above it all motors roared and the bombs came whispering and wailing and crashing down among the ships at anchor at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
House Speaker [FILTERED] ( D. , Tex. ) called the [FILTERED] program `` a mighty fine thing '' , but made no prediction on its fate in the House . (Filtered Words: 2)
What obsessions had she picked up during these long nights of talk ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That test , as President [FILTERED] forthrightly depicted it in his State of the Union message , will determine `` whether a nation organized and governed such as ours can endure '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' The other important difference between the two Constitutions was that the President of the Confederacy held office for six ( instead of four ) years , and was limited to one term . (Filtered Words: 0)
Robinson asked Herford to escort him to the club's lavatory before they sat down for a highball and a game of cards . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , when you have prepared your foundation and laid the floor , these can be trucked to the site and erected with a small crew of friends in a weekend . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arkansas combined 280 yards rushing with 64 yards passing ( on 5 completions in 7 tosses ) and a tough defense to whip TCU , and A & M , with a 38-point bulge against Texas Tech ran up its biggest total loop play since 1950 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] -- the name is a pseudynom -- was a teacher in Bucharest and a member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation ( ARF ) -- two reasons the Communists put him away when they arrived in 1945 . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` For these and other reasons '' , says Dr. [FILTERED] , `` orthodontics can prolong the life of teeth '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The maximum loan which SBA may make to any one borrower is $350,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does this help the non-Jew to understand this group ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The evening was not always spent in the same way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence its image , C' , meets any line of Af in Af points . (Filtered Words: 0)
He echoed again in soft wonder . (Filtered Words: 0)
At such critical moments predispositions favorable to human dignity most obviously `` pay off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Prince's perceptions were quick and his energy monstrous , but these qualities were sapped by an Oriental lethargy and a policy of letting nothing interfere with personal passions . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the conditions of the pool was a prohibition upon the withholding of patent rights among A.L.A.M. members . (Filtered Words: 0)
Faint at first , the tapping grew until it sounded loud against the wind . (Filtered Words: 0)
But then , neither was peaked . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fred was mighty crude about the way he took in cattle '' his own hired man , [FILTERED] , mentioned later . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` All men went away from here . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not completely virtuous , but completely incompetent '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her mother was a [FILTERED] and her father's family came from the Orkney Isles . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I don't believe I'll play any more neither '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five of the tests were conducted with a polyethylene cover to simulate an ice cover . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the reproductive area it could be readily observed that all felt freer to discuss things than students had previously in `` mixed '' marital status sections . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Diets can be terrible '' , the girl said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Great Train Robbery is a one-reel film . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same month that Alastor was published , Murray sold twenty thousand copies of The Siege Of Corinth , a slovenly bit of Byronism that even [FILTERED]'s generosity rebelled at . (Filtered Words: 1)
Efficiency of fiber couplers (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's play hero '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Newest to this high-powered battery are the experts in linguistics who have carried that minimum to a new level . (Filtered Words: 0)
Definition of the thighs at the uppermost part is quite commonly seen in most championship Olympic lifters which is easily understandable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other people were doing it , too , sitting all along the wide banisters and leaning over the parapets above , watching the azaleas mass , or just enjoying the sun . (Filtered Words: 0)
You don't know me but I know you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The patient himself denied that he had any visual imagery at all ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is spirit which gives life to a community and causes it to cohere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ex-Oriole [FILTERED] , now catching for the A's is all for the American League's 1961 expansion to the West Coast . (Filtered Words: 1)
In general , P is a function of V and the current density , but it shall here be assumed as a constant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Robinson asked Herford to escort him to the club's lavatory before they sat down for a highball and a game of cards . (Filtered Words: 0)
Start with the right-hand piece `` B '' , Af , soldering it to the lower piece `` A '' of the same material but 12'' '' long . (Filtered Words: 0)
In deadly earnest , the besiegers methodically stripped away portions of the roof and tossed lighted rags inside , only to have most stamped out by the women as soon as they hit the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
and ( E ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider couples visiting an art museum . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Italians felt it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The manager of a movie theater received a telephone call from a woman who was equally indefinite . (Filtered Words: 0)
She gave herself fancy airs ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
they become skilled in cooking and cleaning and in receiving guests . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where you been today '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Algol , the college annual , is published in the fall of each year . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
The annual butchery of 40,000 American men , women and children to satiate its blood-lust is excessive ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The difference between confederacy and federal union in 1861 (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it worth-while ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In my short period here I believe that at no time has he been otherwise than the most popular man on both sides of the aisle . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had left themselves too much to discover . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is reasonable to affirm two propositions : Jews have been perceived by non-Jews as all things to all men ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s name being fourth is neither too high nor too low to be assigned to the arbitrary action of vice-chancellor , proctor , master , or other mighty hand . (Filtered Words: 1)
Moreover , it allows the present management to reassign vehicles so that mileage will be more uniformly distributed throughout the fleet ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The charges by the late junior Senator from Wisconsin not only destroyed innocent people but misled the nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miraculously , she found exactly the right statement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do not use wood as it will not shrink with the clay and would cause breakage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , he owns 300 slaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s been on everybody's neck , an order he expected didn't come through and he's '' -- (Filtered Words: 1)
I've nothing for you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah . (Filtered Words: 0)
His heart suddenly opened to joy . (Filtered Words: 0)
I sat where I could watch the exit and realized I was hungry . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Birmingham newspaper printed in a column for children an article entitled `` The True Story of Guy Fawkes '' , which began : (Filtered Words: 0)
it was something to do with her back , the thinness of it , and the quick , jerky way she bent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
Pa laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not this . (Filtered Words: 0)
But what few containers they found were inadequate . (Filtered Words: 0)
They reside at 4911 [FILTERED] Dr. . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I volunteer '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
As Kennan shows , the judgment of the Allied governments about what was happening in Russia was warped by the obsession of defeating Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
Program note reads as follows : (Filtered Words: 0)
Although because of the important achievements of nineteenth century scholars in the field of textual criticism the advance is not so striking as it was in the case of archaeology and place-names , the editorial principles laid down by [FILTERED] in his great edition of Asser and in his Crawford Charters were a distinct improvement upon those of his predecessors and remain unimproved upon today . (Filtered Words: 1)
That way they have an infirmary for $400 . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they do as well as they did in 1960 there can be no complaint . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the state she was in , she could actually kill him ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The tenor lead , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] cast under [FILTERED] are all first rate . (Filtered Words: 3)
One measurement at 40 Mc/sec was obtained with the Varian model Af unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Microscopically , both kidneys showed many small cortical scars in which there was glomerular and interstitial fibrosis , tubular atrophy , and an infiltration of lymphocytes and plasma cells . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Some guys bothered me '' , [FILTERED] has said . (Filtered Words: 1)
If T is the total `` length '' of the process , its feed state may be denoted by a vector p(T) and the product state by p(Q) . (Filtered Words: 0)
he avidly reads the Wall Street Journal , and took delight in driving a $250 model A Ford for 22 years , then selling it for $300 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the new process impurities present in the solvent ( benzene ) , the monomer , and in the reaction system which would cause deactivation of propagation centers , are rendered inactive prior to polymerization by gradual addition of initiator , a mixture of butyl-lithium and telomeric styryl-lithium , at a temperature low enough to suppress chain growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it helps the builder because it can handle a more efficiently packaged load , can deliver it to the best spot ( in some cases , right on the roof or inside the house ) , and never takes any of the builder's high-priced labor to help unload it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty was neutral . (Filtered Words: 0)
walks laid ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hammarskjold didn't like the way it was carried out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jars are assembled in bowl of butter mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
A small library may cherish its independence and established ways , and resist joining in a cooperative movement that sometimes seems radical to older members of the board . (Filtered Words: 0)
one with blood all over it , Arbuckle's blood '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He scuttled in shadow along the east wall of the stockade and then followed the south wall until he was at the rear of the two frame buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am a sophomore at Mount Pleasant High School . (Filtered Words: 0)
Them's brains '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Makes 6 barbecues . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gun would fire or not , just as chance willed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I knew all this , but I paid no attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plunking themselves down on the front bench , they turned to smirk at those around them . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of our foremost jurists , [FILTERED] , has gone so far as to call this provision `` the greatest achievement ever made in the course of human history '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
There has been a tendency on the part of many American linguists to assume that a phonemic transcription will automatically be the best possible orthography and that the only real problem will then be the social one of securing acceptance . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is in your hands -- now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Food : stew a la Mulligatawny (Filtered Words: 0)
This stain often disrupts the normal cell activity or else colors only the outside . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no idea where [FILTERED]'s room would be . (Filtered Words: 1)
The robe , however , was missing , for by that time Barco had disposed of it at a pawnshop in Glendale . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one and the same time , she was within it but still searching for the drawbridge that would give her entry . (Filtered Words: 0)
One tempest was stirred up last March when Udall announced that an eight-and-a-half-foot bronze statue of [FILTERED] , sculpted by the late [FILTERED] , would be sent `` on indefinite loan '' to Salem , Illinois , Bryan's birthplace . (Filtered Words: 2)
The esplanade eliminates [FILTERED]. , which on original plans ran through the center of the development . (Filtered Words: 1)
The 1954 Amendments completely changed the financing of the vocational rehabilitation program , providing for a three-part grant structure -- for ( 1 ) basic support ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
At this point it should be painfully obvious that cities , being `` soft '' , and the people within them are ideally suited to destruction by nuclear weapons . (Filtered Words: 0)
The government offices were being opened but they weren't being opened fast enough and meanwhile the cold penetrated everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first result of Heidenstam's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , [FILTERED] And Wander-Years ( Vallfart och Vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . (Filtered Words: 1)
If love reflects the nature of man , as [FILTERED] Y [FILTERED] believes , if the person in love betrays decisively what he is by his behavior in love , then the writers of the beat generation are creating a new literary genre . (Filtered Words: 2)
As one of them expressed it , `` It has done me a world of good to listen to the naive questions and comments of these not-yet-married people . (Filtered Words: 0)
See , he's already snapping it up , the dumb jerk . (Filtered Words: 0)
That test , as President [FILTERED] forthrightly depicted it in his State of the Union message , will determine `` whether a nation organized and governed such as ours can endure '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , the ancestor of all private eyes , was born during the 1890s . (Filtered Words: 1)
Your acceptance will come through '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The settlement was called Shawomet . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was slow getting into the box this time . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then it is replaced and fastened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mailings and publications (Filtered Words: 0)
And was he afraid to do anything as definite as releasing her ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Not long ago a newspaper advised those taking part in a contest that `` snapshots must be of a person not larger than Af inches '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had it been bestowed while the Secretary General of the United Nations was living , unquestionably he would have been greatly encouraged in pursuing a difficult and , in many ways , thankless task . (Filtered Words: 0)
He handed the guard's rifle to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hurry '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The contract with [FILTERED] , who has been converting the agencies electronic data processing program to magnetic tape , would renew his present salary of $8 an hour up to a maximum of 200 hours a month . (Filtered Words: 1)
Horse races took place here in the Middle Ages . (Filtered Words: 0)
We stressed the reciprocal relation of these systems with respect to the autonomic-somatic downward discharge as well as regarding the hypothalamic-cortical discharge . (Filtered Words: 0)
An octillion atoms (Filtered Words: 0)
Remove about half the branches from each plant , leaving only the strongest with the largest buds . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had invited him in for coffee . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sigmen love you , too , my guardian '' , said [FILTERED] , choking . (Filtered Words: 1)
I remember one day when Mr. [FILTERED] ( and I never knew why he liked me , either ) sent the [FILTERED] a telegram : `` Please find some more reporters like that young man from Denver '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Mission Street at this hour was populated by a whole community that Gun could not have seen on his tour of duty -- the neighborhood that had known Urbano Quintana by day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Years ago this was true , but with the replacement of wires or runners by radio and radar ( and perhaps television ) , these restrictions have disappeared and now again too much is heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
The telephone was in the study but the ringing came from the hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the best known exploiters of the new medium are [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
I wonder if the Carters would take one . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he won't break , we add to the stress he bears . (Filtered Words: 0)
He claimed that the release of the preliminary findings was ' prejudicial to his position ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We write this Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Put a few such songs together '' , they urged him . (Filtered Words: 0)
At 3:57 a.m. , with the plane about twenty minutes out of El Paso , passenger [FILTERED] , a San Antonio advertising man , glanced up and saw the man and boy , accompanied by a stewardess , walking up the aisle toward the cockpit . (Filtered Words: 1)
Lifting her skirts , she climbed in , never relinquishing her grip on his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
And she would wink and throw kisses . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some time , despondency in some Northern quarters had been displayed in two ways -- an eagerness for peace and a dissatisfaction with Lincoln . (Filtered Words: 0)
Set-up and maintenance (Filtered Words: 0)
It is reasonably economical for the state to have drivers garage state cars at their homes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He lived in the dawn ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When his arm came up I ducked away but it caught me on the side of the neck , watering my eyes , and I backed off to cough . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How can you be so damn stupid ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The barbed sallies of Beatrice and [FILTERED] , so contemporary to a public inured to the humor of insult , raised chuckles . (Filtered Words: 1)
He never had polio '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , for the sake of Julia and [FILTERED] , it had to be tried . (Filtered Words: 1)
He shouldered the blanket again , backed off , and tossed the lantern with its open wick beneath the wagon . (Filtered Words: 0)
This seems to have been the conclusion to which Origen was forced . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] poured some in a tumbler . (Filtered Words: 1)
To accomplish this would necessitate some changes in methods , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
After I paid [FILTERED] for [FILTERED] , I brought him home , but he was ill at ease and ran away the same night . (Filtered Words: 2)
Many of you are familiar , I'm sure , with the story of my early struggles : the fire in January , 1947 , that destroyed everything -- even our precious list of subscribers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , a bus will carry members to the Chicago Stadium to see [FILTERED] professional tennis matches at 8 p.m. . (Filtered Words: 1)
It then follows that Af is large enough , but this is not obvious from the above expression . (Filtered Words: 0)
Problems in marketing methods (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet , paradoxically , according to Dr. [FILTERED] , many wives despise their husbands for not standing up to them . (Filtered Words: 1)
With the above results we can make the following remarks about the graph of F . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told me to wake you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It didn't come from me . (Filtered Words: 0)
He paused on the landing to steady his breathing and then bent to examine the single door by the light of the weak bulb overhead . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a picked assault company . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elected to the board of directors were : (Filtered Words: 0)
What we will be sacrificing in any such arrangement will be our power to be selective which is contained in the reciprocal trade principle under which we now operate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Needless to say , strong hands are not eager to be joined by weak hands , for this increases the risk that they will have to absorb what these weak hands unload on the way up , at higher prices , during the run-up phase of the campaign . (Filtered Words: 0)
Example 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A number were in the nature of movements to relieve or remove social ills . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` To have become so corrupt '' , he says , `` surely you must have studied many arts and sciences '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , this inaugural feast did its sponsors no good whatever . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would no longer have to see that fat face , hear that whining voice (Filtered Words: 0)
Fat bottles , such as [FILTERED] , have a way of rolling around in the bin and often need little props , such as a bit of cardboard or a chip of wood , to hold them in the proper reclining posture . (Filtered Words: 1)
This will permit you to get a rough estimate of how much the materials for the shell will cost . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will accommodate firing rates as low as a half gallon an hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oranges and grapefruit are shipped from Florida weekly from an organic farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
If she runs around with other men , and if you hate her as you say , why not just divorce her '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( 6 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe it's nothing , maybe it's intraepithelial or in situ -- can't take any chances '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A description of this process will serve to illustrate how any type of information can be retrieved from the dictionary and attached to each text occurrence . (Filtered Words: 0)
revulsion in the desert (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , I chuckled , `` I'm just beginning to collect dividends on my investment in education '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This saved for state adjudication , in the first instance , the two major areas where federal injunctions had been most obnoxious , but other areas remained vulnerable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , he felt better . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
One week before the convention , Depew was seated on the porch of a country home on the Hudson , gazing at the opposite shore . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of the available information comes not from the Federal government but from an exchange of experiences among states . (Filtered Words: 0)
No good can come of contemplating the sad , inevitable fact that once youth has passed `` a worse and worse time still succeeds the former '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of the loans , in amounts up to $5,000 each , have been repaid by [FILTERED] , according to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
When he was back on his feet again and about to reinstall the fuses , however , he hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this section '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For large letters , e.g. thermoformed of acrylic or butyrate , there are other techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
Powers was covering the remaining guard . (Filtered Words: 0)
And that is the way I first saw her when my [FILTERED] brought her into his antique store . (Filtered Words: 1)
The third crawling man forced himself erect . (Filtered Words: 0)
As usual , Gladdy's bright smile greeted me at the breakfast table . (Filtered Words: 0)
It shows what a beautiful city Newark will become and certainly make every [FILTERED] proud of this city . (Filtered Words: 1)
Such understanding helps to explain why one matron celebrating thirty-five years of married life could declare with some pride that her husband had `` never seen her entirely naked '' , while another woman , boasting an equal number of years of married life , is proud of having `` shared the nudist way of life -- the really free , natural nude life -- for most of that period '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] spotted the wanted car , with three boys , at a Route 2 service station , just outside Annapolis . (Filtered Words: 1)
it must play a game in which there never is a winner . (Filtered Words: 0)
In earlier years , the preservation of food was essentially related to survival . (Filtered Words: 0)
This has been the aim of the director of the shooting development program , the New York staff of the Sportsmen's Service Bureau , and the SAAMI shooting preserve field consultants since the start of the program in 1954 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
He regarded her with rising hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
That bastard Chambers ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The Colt line now includes a new scattergun , the Standard or Custom Pump Model ( about $90 and $150 , respectively ) in 12 , 16 and 20 . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the Zen monk the universe is still populated with `` spiritual beings '' who have to be appeased . (Filtered Words: 0)
they just sat back on their haunches and cried for more , as though they could never get enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who formerly played the deluded benefactor opposite Ledoux , is the Tartuffe of the present production , which he himself directed . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Look , Lord '' , he said hoarsely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Count what you've got there , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even to herself [FILTERED] sounded a little self-pitying but the truth was she was lonely , sitting on the darkened field . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is our hypothesis that Kohnstamm-positive subjects are less hesitant about relinquishing control than are Kohnstamm-negative subjects ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Office workers frequently go out there to lunch and swim during the siesta period , which , during the summer , lasts from two until five in the afternoon , when shops and offices are again open for business . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are personality factors ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the earliest recordings , made in the 1940's demonstrated that psychiatrists reacted immediately to anger and anxiety in the sound track , whereas written records of the same interview offered far fewer cues to therapy which -- if they were at all discernible in print -- were picked up only by the most skilled and sensitive experts . (Filtered Words: 0)
A lock on the toilet would encourage malingering and primping . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gen. [FILTERED] , the President's special military adviser , is a level-headed officer who is not likely to succumb to propaganda or pressure . (Filtered Words: 1)
The latter required juggling several elements simultaneously . (Filtered Words: 0)
We both had hangovers . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he makes many interesting comments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Historically re is the formative that is employed also in republic , and al is the common suffix . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was an expert florist , tenderly dextrous in the arrangement of bouquets and wreaths . (Filtered Words: 0)
His face was fuller ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There was too little occasion beforehand for resistance , the brave strong delights of emotional clash and meeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
A high-legged buffet provides easy-to-reach serving , a cocktail table has small snack tables tucked under each end , recessed arched panels decorate a 60-inch long chest . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wiped the blood from his cheek . (Filtered Words: 0)
The litigation was costly and seemingly endless . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the saddlebags , hung on a [FILTERED] chair , [FILTERED] took out a good English razor , a present from [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
The girders of a shattered Dog River bridge lay strewn for half a mile downstream . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
there is none who seeks after God . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wanted to just throw myself into the good works of this fine group . (Filtered Words: 0)
the trees' shadows circled from street to sidewalk , from sidewalk to lawn . (Filtered Words: 0)
He remembered a story he had read as a youth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The revolution in jazz that took place around 1949 , the evolution from the `` bebop '' school of [FILTERED] to the `` cool '' sound of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and the whole legend of [FILTERED] , had made an impression on many academic and literary men . (Filtered Words: 5)
When the fate of the individual is visited on the group , then ( the warm sweet butter dripped from her raised trembling fork and she pushed her head forward belligerently ) , ah , then the true bitterness of existence could be tasted . (Filtered Words: 0)
They say all personnel have spiritual needs which Guideposts helps to meet . (Filtered Words: 0)
These specialists perform valuable services by helping teachers learn to identify children who need special attention , by suggesting ways of meeting the needs of individual children in the regular classroom , and by providing clinical services for severely maladjusted children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , they had to get up and be General Burnside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only , as we know , did [FILTERED] publicly treat Khrushchev's attack on Albania as `` something that we cannot consider as a serious Marxist-Leninist approach '' to the problem ( i.e. , as something thoroughly dictatorial and `` undemocratic '' ) , but the Albanian leaders went out of their way to be openly abusive to Khrushchev , calling him a liar , a bully , and so on . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We'll talk later . (Filtered Words: 0)
The K factor , a term used to denote the rate of heat transmission through a material ( B.t.u./sq. ft. of material/hr./*0F./in. of thickness ) ranges from 0.24 to 0.28 for flexible urethane foams and from 0.12 to 0.16 for rigid urethane foams , depending upon the formulation , density , cell size , and nature of blowing agents used . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's to say , he was trigger happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , third-grade children were chosen as subjects for this study . (Filtered Words: 0)
My friends and I come from a ship which was destroyed by fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , also fifteen , was tall and skinny , scraggly , with straight black hair like an Indian's and sharp brown eyes . (Filtered Words: 1)
That is , he did not claim in any of the four courts through which his case progressed that the jury charge had denied him any federal right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet , in spite of this , intensive study of the taped interviews by teams of psychotherapists and linguists laid bare the surprising fact that , in the first five minutes of an initial interview , the patient often reveals as many as a dozen times just what's wrong with him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We were struck by the notable absence of banana skins and beer cans , but just so that we wouldn't go overboard on Greek refinement , perfection was side-stepped by a couple of braying portable radios . (Filtered Words: 0)
If ( remember this is an assumption ) the minimal polynomial for T decomposes Af where Af are distinct elements of F , then we shall show that the space V is the direct sum of the null spaces of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You bring only wickedness '' , she said and it was not to a child any longer but to another woman who had come to skirt her lodge with the cunning hunger of a wild animal . (Filtered Words: 0)
he could be subjected to law only because he agreed to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American is very lucky if he has three . (Filtered Words: 0)
If this happens , there may be some class conflict in the South , with school boards and school teachers taking the middle-class position . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was sent in for House and , after failing in a bunt attempt , popped to [FILTERED] on the grass back of short . (Filtered Words: 2)
Having the deepest of maternal instincts , my heart fairly bled when I thought of the darling pink and white `` bundles from heaven '' I would have proudly given my husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
I will not let your evil in . (Filtered Words: 0)
The French were now occupying [FILTERED] and Flanders on the technical grounds that their rulers had forfeited them by a breach of the feudal contract . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Dealing faro ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She begged . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was most eager to make the dive ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He refused to change his approach , and instead he attacked high and low -- the officials for their not backing him , and subordinates for their laxness , stupidity , and stubbornness . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's really all he's got , all he is . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing was said , nothing accomplished . (Filtered Words: 0)
A realty corporation in Louisiana owed no tax , under Federal law , on its gain from the sale of property disposed of in line with a plan of liquidation . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it soon became clear that the search for eighteenth-century furniture ( which Mrs. [FILTERED] feels is the proper period for the White House ) must be pursued in places other than government storage rooms . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was watching a tree ride wildly down that roiling current . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man was leaning against the rock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you carefully examined the selling techniques which best suit your products ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They have pulled out all my teeth and now she will carve out my tongue with her hacksaw ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It is necessary that Poland should be free , independent in power . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were camping a few weeks ago on Cape Hatteras Campground in that land of pirates , seagulls and bluefish on North Carolina's famed Outer Banks . (Filtered Words: 0)
I once heard a comedian say that if you are killed by a taxicab in New York , it is listed as `` death due to natural causes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or is it relevant because it teaches us something useful to know about ourselves ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had heard because he was setting up the liquor tray in the next room . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since the concept of high fidelity became important some dozen years ago , the claims of technical improvements have multiplied tenfold . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We know [FILTERED] spent some -- and Carmer must have dropped a few dollars getting that load on '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
There are a number of ways this could happen , the churchmen pointed out , and here is an example : (Filtered Words: 0)
Said the digger . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he came back to the schoolhouse , his mind was made up . (Filtered Words: 0)
You don't need worry , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
To break the uncomfortable silence , Haney began to talk . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nonetheless , they found common interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stevie envied him . (Filtered Words: 0)
What would happen next ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Pels complained : `` Litigants and witnesses were put to the expense and inconvenience of going long distances to transact business ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He went through a gate to stand at the edge of the water and gazed at the two thin falls which dropped from large spigots high at the back of the pool . (Filtered Words: 0)
The president or dean reads some of his publications to form the truest possible evaluation of the quality of his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have heard that after seeing Mr. [FILTERED]'s work it will be virtually impossible to deny the artistic validity and importance of the whole abstract movement . (Filtered Words: 1)
When the Congo received its independence in 1960 there were , among its 13.5 million people , exactly 14 university graduates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is `` a broody , moody man , given to long stretches of introspection ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He and [FILTERED] tied and gagged the man , using his belt and shirt for the purpose . (Filtered Words: 1)
He stays inactive for half the summer in front of [FILTERED] , a quite second-rate spot , begins to besiege it formally only during the autumn rains , and finally carries it by assault in the heart of winter . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] asked sadly , when he came in . (Filtered Words: 1)
The most primitive feelings are rudimentary value feelings , both positive and negative : a desire to appropriate this or that part of the environment into oneself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel talked to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew that a conversation with the author would not settle such questions , because a man is not the same as his writing : in the last analysis , the questions had to be settled by the work itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could now but the weakness is very definite ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I've had enough of you . (Filtered Words: 0)
the halls were empty and they passed down the stairs to number nine and listened at the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Numbers of registered persons in four age-and-sex classes were counted each year . (Filtered Words: 0)
After years of digging , nights and weekends , he put together the big , profusely illustrated book , Of Garryowen And Glory , which is probably the most complete history of any military unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was said that the [FILTERED] plotted to take over the entire [FILTERED] newspaper empire one day by means of various coups : the destruction of editors who tried to halt his course , the unfrocking of publishers whose mistakes of judgment might be magnified in secret reports to Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
That day they loafed around , just getting the feel of the city . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wanted to slap his face , to wipe forever the insolence and brutal glee from his mouth , and I decided then , very suddenly , what I would do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dismounting , [FILTERED] looked about hastily . (Filtered Words: 1)
The soft snow was deceitful underfoot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wavy lines , feather-like patterns , rosettes of indefinitely floral nature , birds either singly or in stylized rows , animals in solemn frieze bands ( see Plates 11 - 12 ) -- all these turned up in the more developed fabrics as preliminary signs that the potters were broadening their gaze . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he didn't figure Ma for much . (Filtered Words: 0)
We came on as soon as we could '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arthur Hays Sulzberger has been a distinguished publisher of this distinguished newspaper and it is fitting that we take due notice of his major contribution to American journalism on the occasion of his retirement . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is hard not to lay most of the blame for their failures on the pope . (Filtered Words: 0)
These 1750 cases were carted off in a one-night operation by the O'Banion men , who left in their stead the same number of barrels filled with water . (Filtered Words: 0)
While Communists were undermining United Nations efforts to rescue the Congo from chaos , two other Communist offensives stirred the Eisenhower Administration into emergency conferences and serious decisions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Italians felt it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] will be recognized for his meritorious service to baseball and will get the William J. Slocum Memorial Award . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is to surrender in advance to whatever attack may yet be mounted , to the very last ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be accomplished in two ways : 1 (Filtered Words: 0)
( No additional five thousand for each year after [FILTERED]'s twenty-first birthday ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
His friends were numerous and their ties to him were strong . (Filtered Words: 0)
The firms to receive the questionnaires were selected with this objective in mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] inherited DiMaggio , Rizzuto , but he brought up [FILTERED] from Class C to the majors , from Joplin to New York . (Filtered Words: 2)
Then remove it and give the whole bottom a coat of resin . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
While all citizens share in blame for lax municipal ethics the Wagner regime has seen serious problems in the schools , law enforcement and fiscal policies . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may dress it up with any number of accessories or keep it as simple as you choose . (Filtered Words: 0)
A major aim of the Council will be to remove as far as possible whatever in the Church today stands in the way of unity . (Filtered Words: 0)
No figures were submitted with the report and no action was taken on it by the town . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last 10 cases in the investigation of the Nov. 8 election were dismissed yesterday by Acting Judge [FILTERED] , who charged that the prosecution obtained evidence `` by unfair and fundamentally illegal means '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Austin , Texas (Filtered Words: 0)
In such diseases as cancer , tuberculosis , and heart disease , early diagnosis and treatment are so vital that the waste of time by the patient with Doctor [FILTERED]'s cure-all gadget can prove fatal . (Filtered Words: 1)
Washington never had a chance to work for an extended stretch at the occupation he loved best , plantation management . (Filtered Words: 0)
For he remembered too well how he had brought back the loaded drinks to [FILTERED] and then returned to the kitchen to get weaker drinks for himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
And , slowly , feeling himself icy yet burning , [FILTERED] turned . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the ditch sand was white and soft-looking , only an occasional pebble discernible , faintly gleaming . (Filtered Words: 0)
It finally reached Broadway in the second and successful version of `` Strike Up The Band '' in 1929 . (Filtered Words: 0)
And let me add , utopianism , also . (Filtered Words: 0)
True , a Mason watercolor is unmistakably a synthesis of nature rather than a detailed inventory . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am highly privileged today to commemorate the brilliant career of this parliamentary giant . (Filtered Words: 0)
All too often our language is unduly harsh . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stallion had smelled the mare coming into heat and began to paw the turf , shaking his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
The week after Manassas the sound of horses in the yard brought [FILTERED] up in shock from an afternoon's rest when she saw the Federal soldiers from her upstairs window . (Filtered Words: 1)
The dentist last night , for instance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Harassed state park officials often have more campers than they know what to do with . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll get him soon , see what he says '' , Chief Moore cut in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another common cure was to soak the feet five or ten minutes in warm water , then to apply a solution of equal parts of soda and common brown soap on a kid bandage overnight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , all theories and techniques lead but to one of two possible modes of expression , if they lead to a market committment at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Becoming aware that it was nearly lunchtime , I brought myself back to the tasks at hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirty-five (Filtered Words: 0)
The bullet had penetrated in the area of the right collarbone ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mobile was to be the anchor of a chain of posts extending northward to the sources of the Tennessee River . (Filtered Words: 0)
Economy in the use of power needs not only to be asserted , but clearly specified ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The concept of good nutrition really began with the garden . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the seventeenth to the nineteenth century it was a popular practice to flood the piazza in the summer , and the aristocrats would then ride around the inundated square in their carriages . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and the National Symphony perform in the first two releases , designed for grades one and two . (Filtered Words: 1)
Therefore , it is plain that the clear distinctions of the nineteenth century are no longer with us . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was able to find meaning in his art as long as it was the answer to air raids and gas ovens . (Filtered Words: 0)
They dragged him inside the building . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You know I don't like my men to have other women . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , a force too strong for unfrozen bodies to endure would be applied . (Filtered Words: 0)
If it fails to pass , he can throw up his hands and say the Legislature would not support him in his efforts to prevent integration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most students of literature , whether they call themselves scholars or critics , are ready to argue that it is possible to understand literary works as well as to enjoy them . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is more difficult with [FILTERED] than with most authors to say what is the extent and what is the source of his knowledge . (Filtered Words: 1)
One day last week , [FILTERED] faced a painful constitutional chore that required him to officiate at a joint session of Congress to hear the official tally of the Electoral College vote , and then to make `` sufficient declaration '' of the election of the man who defeated him in the tight 1960 presidential election . (Filtered Words: 1)
and the 6 , the ( upper ) Yellow River in the Northwest . (Filtered Words: 0)
League regularly stands on the side of right (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus a number of operations of the order of Af are required . (Filtered Words: 0)
Red Bridge Subdivision (Filtered Words: 0)
Adjusted gross income (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel was polite , Scotty indifferent . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is one small episode that a few New York fans who happened to sit in the cheap seats for one World's Series game in 1926 like best to recall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Class 2 , stations operating on clear channels are required to cease operation or operate under nighttime restrictions beginning either at local sunset ( for daytime class 2 , stations ) or sunset at the location of the dominant class 1 , station where located west of the class 2 , station ( for limited-time class 2 , stations ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
His legs suddenly feel heavy and unaccountably weary , as if he had walked for miles , instead of strolling a few hundred yards along the old campus paths . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a graduate of Portland University and the Northwestern College of Law . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was taken to a nearby Johnston physician , Dr. [FILTERED] , who treated him . (Filtered Words: 2)
And one finds it again in [FILTERED] ) to the effect that the Mayflower on its second voyage brought a cargo of Negro slaves . (Filtered Words: 1)
As summer cooled into fall and winter , even so the relationship between the two men continued to grow colder by the day , and by December of 1834 it was icy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The objective of the study was to determine the opinions and practices of small firms selling to defense programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made the decision with his eyes open , or so he thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
This last `` rampage '' is only the prelude to the vicious blow upon her head , `` dealt by some unknown hand '' whose identity is later revealed not verbally but through a manual action -- the tracing of Orlick's hammer upon a slate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Caution : (Filtered Words: 0)
They were carpeted , but made for pumps and congress gaiters , not the great clodhoppers he wore . (Filtered Words: 0)
strongly colorful , plastic , racy , vivid . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they reached the school , a gang of boys and girls were already there playing `` crack the whip '' in front of the schoolhouse . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish you would return them to her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dismounting , [FILTERED] looked about hastily . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is a dreamer of the good society with a plan to put into effect , and he is an individual craftsman with something to make for himself and the people of his time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Still , they may not want to rent it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The source of this paradox is not difficult to identify . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only a few other people -- very important people -- knew of the nitrogen-mustard eggs nestled below decks . (Filtered Words: 0)
By springtime , he was supported by a rich merchant syndicate under the patronage of Henry , Prince of Wales . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] have a great deal more in common than the same disastrous end . (Filtered Words: 2)
But , obviously , at least some things have changed for the better in Russia so far as the ballet is concerned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Specific dates would be important , as would double names . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is through them that we have become aware of the divine humanity in man , and therefore , that most people are noble , helpful and good . (Filtered Words: 0)
but very few seemed aware that such acceptance and identification need to be supplemented with more enduring and stable identification of and with one's self . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negroes are , therefore , ignored in the North and are under surveillance in the South , and suffer hideously in both places . (Filtered Words: 0)
But even so [FILTERED] could not give up her intellectual pursuits . (Filtered Words: 1)
Consequently , on October 31 , 1896 , Mrs. [FILTERED] wrote to Thompson , quite against her daughter's wishes , asking him not to `` recommence a correspondence which I believe has been dropped for some weeks '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Model 99 ( under $45 ) is a light-weight , streamlined (Filtered Words: 0)
Johnnie loved me and wanted me . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' Performed in New York by the original cast and I think this company is every bit as good , and perhaps better . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead , he constantly became lost in parts and components of them , confused some of their details with those of neighboring objects , and so on , unless he allowed time to `` trace '' the object in question through minute movements of the head and hands and in this way to discover its contours . (Filtered Words: 0)
The significance of these differences has not been studied nor has the existence of corresponding physiologic differences been determined . (Filtered Words: 0)
The House was his habitat and there he flourished , first as a young representative , then as a forceful committee chairman , and finally in the post for which he seemed intended from birth , Speaker of the House , and second most powerful man in Washington . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spontaneity training theory is unique and relatively new . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he got on his knees and rolled [FILTERED]' body toward the edge . (Filtered Words: 1)
Already [FILTERED] had begun to parallel his nineteenth-century Italian studies with several works on English figures of the same period . (Filtered Words: 1)
Two other Japanese girls were sitting at the tables , both quite pretty and well groomed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Comfortably fixed . (Filtered Words: 0)
His nose up . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been , he wrote [FILTERED] at once , `` in the country '' , a euphemism for an experience that had not greatly changed him . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was rested and could mount a charge . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
I came up maybe fifty feet before I knew what was happening '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
Beyond were industries and factories . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Which is a frightful prospect , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The rapid advance in science today suggests many other avenues of investigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 1960 advertising campaign brought a total of 239 inquiries ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They are relentlessly rebuffed on all sides by a waitress , the police , and an intruding government tutor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first of 16 beliefs of the denomination , now reads : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` U.S. pressure on Britain to foster war hysteria over the status of West Berlin has reached its apogee . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You didn't go clear around '' , Benson said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The volume of the opening is added to the combustion chamber volume . (Filtered Words: 0)
Successful teaching involves getting enough information about each pupil to understand why he behaves as he does in certain situations and how his achievement in school is being influenced by various factors in his environment . (Filtered Words: 0)
I picked him up , and the length of him arched very carefully and gracefully and only a little wildly , and I could feel the coolness of that radiant , fire-colored body , like splendid ice , and I knew that he had eaten only recently because there were two whole and solid little lumps in the forepart of him , like fieldmice swallowed whole might make . (Filtered Words: 0)
The book is by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , music by [FILTERED] , lyrics by [FILTERED] , choreography by [FILTERED] , scenery , costumes and lighting by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , musical direction by [FILTERED] , and the production was directed by Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 9)
For a particularly fabulous room which houses a collection of fine English Chippendale furniture , fabric wall panels were embroidered with a typically Chinese-inspired design of this revered Eighteenth Century period . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two wrongs (Filtered Words: 0)
Welch summoned jail officials to Barco's cell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Doaty would never have left her house to a godless woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , these works are not comparable , even though the same brain conceived them . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's not too much to assume that you will have a more lasting interest in paper hats than will Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
the kingdom of Heaven is theirs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence , thought of as a line in a particular plane **yp , any tangent to Q has a unique image and moreover this image is the same for all planes through L . (Filtered Words: 0)
The savages divided into two factions ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Goodis said that single rooms account for 95 percent of the accomodations in some hotels . (Filtered Words: 0)
And how very often a water plane is featured in his landscapes , and how appropriate that he should appear in American Artist again , in his natal month of March ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She was still hugging the stained coat around her , so I said , `` Relax , let me take your things . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he describes it as a balanced polarity between the notions of the free individual and what he called the fundamental law . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are now working together toward solving their difficulties . (Filtered Words: 0)
He need only pick up one of the two red telephone receivers at his extreme left , right next to the big red button marked alert . (Filtered Words: 0)
and now ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This was just [FILTERED]'s way of saying that last year the Birds opened spring training with a lot of jobs wide open . (Filtered Words: 1)
By and large their programs are satisfactorily connected both to the employment situation and to the realities of the apprentice system . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leaving the theatre after the performance , I had a flash of intuition that life , after all ( as Rilke said ) , is just a search for the nonexistent cup of hot coffee , and that this unpretentious , moving , clever , bitter slice of life was the greatest thing to happen to the American theatre since Brooks Atkinson retired . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- flapped as it ran . (Filtered Words: 0)
The court held that the tax applied to non-profit sales because the corporations realized economic benefits by doing business as two separate entities . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second baking was for photographing when told she was a finalist . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great black leopards . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other herpetologists have ascertained that in the northern United States the prairie rattlesnake may not give first birth until it is four or even five years old , and that the young may be born every other year , rather than annually . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hopes to melt off an additional eight pounds before the Flock breaks camp three weeks hence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others , which are reached by walking up a single flight of stairs , have balconies . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he left the bus with his money bag , [FILTERED] added , the largest youth accosted him , a quarrel ensued , and the youth knocked him down . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] caught the ball just as the catcher slid into the bag . (Filtered Words: 1)
In any given period piece the costumes , bric-a-brac , vehicles , and decor , bear the stamp of unimpeachable authenticity . (Filtered Words: 0)
A quarter to seven . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's a kindness to her . (Filtered Words: 0)
And they sat down and began their little coffee party . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many food and beverage companies are already on a highly planned basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
He introduced regular briefing sessions for district fire wardens and first aid training for section wardens . (Filtered Words: 0)
faces in places (Filtered Words: 0)
He's -- he's just there , that's all '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did not know what an `` Earth-week '' was , since he had not been a well-read man before his conviction , but he got nothing more from the half-man at that time . (Filtered Words: 1)
The issue was settled on shore , [FILTERED] winning and [FILTERED] remaining ashore , determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` He was not much older than myself , '' writes the narrator , `` when he began to feel the impact of that human mystery which now obsesses me , and which makes me begin , perhaps , to understand him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boating (Filtered Words: 0)
The two have never been separable . (Filtered Words: 0)
have the short action ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Among other things it means perception , discrimination , sensitivity to subtle differences . (Filtered Words: 0)
Forced behind him momentarily , [FILTERED] followed at once and halted two steps inside . (Filtered Words: 1)
Means edged closer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was in the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fifteen years ago , troubled by the rising tide of materialism in the post-war world , a businessman and a minister asked themselves if there might not be a place for a small magazine in which men and women , regardless of creed or color , could set forth boldly their religious convictions and bear witness to the power of faith to solve the endless problems of living . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the hope was gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The word also made him feel hate , sincere hate , for those so labeled . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is a dignity and even a hint of the inspired prophet in his words to one correspondent : `` You ask what I am going to ' reply ' to Bradley . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Corn Palace at [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]. , `` the world's corniest building '' , has a carnival through Sept. 23 headlining the Three Stooges and Pee Wee Hunt . (Filtered Words: 2)
Delinquency , juvenile and adult , is at an all-time high ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Control would be limited to those rodents for which economical means of control are known . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet though it may seem difficult to envision any definitive resolution of the problem of ownership and control , there are nevertheless certain suggestions which seem to be in order . (Filtered Words: 0)
The truck was hurtling forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's the same with [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` What a beautiful room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those little children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bandaging And Splinting ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
After he had finished the first two volumes of his Lincoln , Sandburg went to work assembling a book of songs out of hobo and childhood days and from the memory of songs others had taught him . (Filtered Words: 0)
No need to kill an entire city and all its people because we lacked the precision and reconnaissance to selectively disarm the enemy's military force . (Filtered Words: 0)
Artillery and air strikes were called in to kill them by the hundreds . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the citizens would , of course , never be sure that the decisions that resulted were as correct as they were expeditious . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , the recruits will have to undergo arduous schooling . (Filtered Words: 0)
To them bums ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , [FILTERED] said , grappling with her outsized armload of dolls with a [FILTERED]-like effect . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Hello , boss '' , he said , and grinned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps he sensed some connection between the incident on the freighter and the ascetic at Ryusenji , he was unable to put it together . (Filtered Words: 0)
( American League expansion created , inevitably , weaker teams . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consitutional government , popular vote , trial by jury , public education , labor unions , cooperatives , communes , socialized ownership , world courts , and the veto power in world councils are but a few examples . (Filtered Words: 0)
She soared over the new pastor like an avenging angel lest he stray from the path and not know all the truth and gossip of which she was chief repository . (Filtered Words: 0)
They've found some sort of new evidence , a bundle of clothes or something , and it must link the kid even stronger to the crime . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only drawback now to the plan he'd decided on was that someone else might fail to do his work , too , and the teacher would have that person stay late along with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You don't hafta get nasty . (Filtered Words: 0)
The parents compromised , however , on a convent school and [FILTERED] went to Ursuline Academy in London , Ontario . (Filtered Words: 1)
And there , on the way , had been the box turtle , that slow , self-contained , world-ignoring relic of pre-history , bent , for reasons best known to itself , on crossing the road . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are many such components of acceleration present due to the effect of wind gusts , engine noise , turbulence around the vehicle , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it was interesting to observe that B.B.C.'s television film on Christmas Eve was The Bells Of St. Mary's . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is determined to make this dive . (Filtered Words: 1)
When that was broken up after the First World War , its name was changed once more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last month in Ghana an American missionary discovered when he came to pay his hotel bill that the usual rate had been doubled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rest of the surface had a temperature which decreased towards the outer diameter of the plug . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion thus becomes integrated with life . (Filtered Words: 0)
My train arrived in Hiroshima at the awful hour of 4:45 a.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cooking conserves a maximum of the vitamin C content of vegetables by methods which use very little water and cook in the shortest time possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you considered gradual withdrawal of subsidies to your in-plant feeding operation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They might , for example , plot it exactly as is , or they might make ten day moving averages of it , or longer moving averages , or they might simply plot the ratio of odd-lot purchases to odd-lot sales . (Filtered Words: 0)
Long-range state planning (Filtered Words: 0)
Madden inquired next about the audit of the scholarship fund . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without dissent , senators passed a bill by Sen. [FILTERED] of [FILTERED] authorizing establishment in the future of a school for the mentally retarded in the Gulf Coast district . (Filtered Words: 2)
Preserving the pool (Filtered Words: 0)
It might have been several days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part of the time saved was spent on a preliminary estimate for a long-distance plan to free bound oxygen in the sands of Mars to make the planet more friendly to future human generations . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the Greek word most often translated as `` baptism '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some will go around a corner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Side fences were hidden beneath lilacs and hundred-leaf roses ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I am referring to this country conducting atmosphere tests of nuclear bombs just because Russia is . (Filtered Words: 0)
An international conference of the big textile-importing and textile-exporting countries will be called shortly by President [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since an objective viewer might well conclude that this is not a situation that would often arise , the film's extensive discussion of the problem seems , at best , superfluous . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the afternoon , defense attorneys began the presentation of their cases with opening statements , some of which had been deferred until after the government had called witnesses and presented its case . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suggested evaluation and classification (Filtered Words: 0)
His face took on a sudden pallor , became beaded with sweat , and he seemed to have trouble with his breathing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The escheat law cannot be enforced now because it is almost impossible to locate such property , [FILTERED] declared . (Filtered Words: 1)
veal cutlets : `` Oh , I couldn't possibly eat all this '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
While the method of interviewing a small number of companies was appealing because of the opportunity it might have furnished to probe fully the reasons and circumstances of a company's practices and opinions , it also involved the risk of paying undue attention to the unique and peculiar problems of just a few individual companies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The child is kept on call , and the orthodontist watches the growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can look at furniture in one spot year in and year out and really feel for sure that's where it belongs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyone knows how a real , red-blooded woman would react to such a catastrophe ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She had hated the whole idea before they started . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grosse muttered , his head down , one hand playing with the zipper on his jacket . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their territory lay to the north , near the sources of the Alabama , the Tombigbee , the Tennessee , and Cumberland rivers , and was easily accessible to traders among the near-by Cherokees . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the luck that had been running their way left him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before you look for a farm you'll need to know ( 1 ) the kind and scale of farming you want to undertake ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
it is more likely the sons and daughters of that company . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once these conditions of international law are met , countries that try to run the blockade do so at their own risk . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he recalled that Rameau had once had a private performance of his opera Armide , behind closed doors , just for himself alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Harmony , melody , counterpoint symphonic structure are there ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Home-made sauerkraut is served once a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally he learned through the grapevine that the culprit might be one [FILTERED] in Pope County . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was very widely read , too ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For prevention or treatment of bacterial scours , feed 0.1 to 5 milligrams per pound of body weight daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
improvise cha-chas on the harp ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The shot reverberated in diminishing whiplashes of sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be thought unfortunate that he was called on entirely by accident to perform , if again we may trust the opening of the oratio , for it marks the beginning for us of his use of his peculiar form of witty word play that even in this Latin banter has in it the unmistakable element of viciousness and an almost sadistic delight in verbally tormenting an adversary . (Filtered Words: 0)
The motor pool is a completely centralized and mechanized operation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unpublished data will be available to the Groth institute from cooperating groups and individuals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ask jail deputies (Filtered Words: 0)
The snow again . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It depends on who does it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm [FILTERED] , the boy answered . (Filtered Words: 1)
Wooded stream valleys in the folds of earth would be saved . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ambiguities suggested above stem from a more basic difficulty in Fromm's style of thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was inducted into the Army at Fort Knox , Ky. , Hansen's weight had dropped to 180 -- `` too light for me to be at my best '' he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two lawmen halted their wagon about twenty yards from the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Examples of such situations are ( aerial ) night reconnaissance , the recording of radioactive tracers in live body tissues , special radiography in medical or industrial applications , track recording of high energy particles , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cattle which died from them winter storms were referred to as the `` winter kill '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She decided to risk it . (Filtered Words: 0)
But with her hand softly on his cheek for a last moment , she closed the door and he went back down the hall and into his bed excited , expectant , and finally faintly grinning with the feel of her hand against his mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gross was behind a clean-top desk , only a manila folder before him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Computers are being used to keep branch inventories at more workable levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , really there is none at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
The National Park Service now proposes to preserve an area in Pottawatomie County , northeast Kansas , as a `` Prairie National Park '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy usually was sent out at about that time with the water , and he always dragged an old snow-fence lath or a stick along , to play with . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why should I ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But the warm joy of her brown eyes was open to the general public . (Filtered Words: 0)
Public men come and go but great issues of policy remain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , as Macklin obeyed : `` Now let's go out back '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He courageously defended the rights of small nations , and he stood his ground against the savage attacks of the Communist bloc . (Filtered Words: 0)
In another attack , [FILTERED] , 41 , proprietor of a food store in the 2100 block Aiken Street , told police two Negroes assaulted him in his store and stole $150 from the cash register after choking and beating him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nobody should be more able to answer the questions on this score than engineering vice-presidents and chief engineers . (Filtered Words: 0)
He always feels lonely . (Filtered Words: 0)
If your sick pay is not included in your Gross Income , you may not deduct it . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Pedersen '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems likely that the Indian python comes out ahead because records of its growth have been made more carefully and frequently ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Also fine are [FILTERED] , as a mother more protective and belligerent than a female spider and just as destructive , [FILTERED] , as her scratchy spouse , and [FILTERED] , as a vegetable in human form . (Filtered Words: 3)
She wanted to hang around while I was eating . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remarks of Hon. [FILTERED] of New York (Filtered Words: 1)
Du Pont's counterproposal was filed on May 14 , 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Very few fried foods are used and the use of salt and pepper is discouraged . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As long as the couple is in agreement in their approach to sex , it makes little difference if one or the other dominates '' , Dr. [FILTERED] declares . (Filtered Words: 1)
When he charged [FILTERED] was ready . (Filtered Words: 1)
None of the Trujillo family remains . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s experiments and therapeutic work lie in this area . (Filtered Words: 1)
The bills were principally for hospitalization and doctors' fees during the last years of his life , and when he died he owed in the main only current doctor's bills . (Filtered Words: 0)
The enemy did not veer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Main purpose of the meeting : To discuss President [FILTERED]'s Alliance for Progress . (Filtered Words: 1)
Kneeling , [FILTERED] planted a sturdy knee in the small of his back , holding him pinned . (Filtered Words: 1)
Can any Christian fail to respond to these words ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Magnificent Mosque (Filtered Words: 0)
the genial smile seemed painted on his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the greatest problems associated with automatic leveling is establishing a true level in the presence of high-level acceleration noise . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the west of this road was another low bluff , forty or fifty feet high , covered with scrub oak and other brush . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why , what a lovely voice you have '' , said one of the female visitors . (Filtered Words: 0)
During this dark chapter in State Department history , men who had offered foreign-policy ideas later proven wrong by events filled the tumbrels sent up to Capitol Hill . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the latter obviously require an audacity you do not possess , you may perhaps suppose that I am taunting you as socially inferior . (Filtered Words: 0)
imperfectly developed in type 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
How did you find out about this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They isolate out easily , naturally , and unambiguously from the continuum of nature and existence ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Anything to do with an ace o' spades , bad luck '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had used his rumpled shorts as the very image of his childishness , his lack of control , his general male looseness , while she remained cool , airy , and untouched , the charming teacher who disciplined an unruly body . (Filtered Words: 0)
We said there that it was necessary `` that a registrant be given an opportunity to rebut ( the Department's ) recommendation when it comes to the Appeal Board , the agency with the ultimate responsibility for classification '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , Christian faith knows that death is more than the natural termination of temporal existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The older teens (Filtered Words: 0)
I remember her because she didn't want her picture in the paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
dictionary information about the form stored at this location can be retrieved directly by occurrences of the form in text . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the armored vest fitted the upper part of his body snugly , he felt no security . (Filtered Words: 0)
One may conclude that most of the detected micrometeoritic material is concentrated in orbital streams which intersect the Earth's orbit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Say three minutes to make it sporting . (Filtered Words: 0)
When did women begin to assert themselves sexually ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The car was now in sight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sort things out , damn it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only lasting difficulty was the food . (Filtered Words: 0)
With this he felt his lips thicken and his mind go slack . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You don't have to watch what you say . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stoneware clay for tiles . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All there ever was '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Pansies have character . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I was an art major in college '' , [FILTERED] explained . (Filtered Words: 1)
They are many and varied . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the turtle ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Referring further to the Foundation's officers , Dr. [FILTERED] , for eleven years our discerning colleague as Associate Secretary , was promoted to be Secretary . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was something about his face that disturbed me and it took several seconds to realize what . (Filtered Words: 0)
In that inert landscape the caravan of his desires passed before his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
The son of a railway stationmaster , [FILTERED] lived most of his childhood in the drowsy Danubian town of Tulln , 14 miles northwest of Vienna . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was curious about the impact of this political assassination on Negroes in Harlem , for [FILTERED] had -- has -- captured the popular imagination there . (Filtered Words: 1)
The story reflects the way too many people feel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Listen to what Mr. [FILTERED] has to say : `` Consider the savage wounds that isolationism would inflict . (Filtered Words: 1)
I urge once again that the Congress not reenact this rider . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some gracefully soared from the backs of their wounded , screaming mounts to make one last defiant charge before the lead split their hearts or tore their guts . (Filtered Words: 0)
This latter assumption will permit us to center attention on the most controversial aspect of modern public utility cost analysis -- the distinction among costs that are functions of outputs of the same service measured along different dimensions . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] article in SR's April 1 issue seemed to be a very fair and objective analysis of the New English Bible . (Filtered Words: 1)
Certainly not in Orchestra Hall where he has played countless recitals , and where Thursday night he celebrated his 20th season with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , playing the Brahms Concerto with his own slashing , demon-ridden cadenza melting into the high , pale , pure and lovely song with which a violinist unlocks the heart of the music , or forever finds it closed . (Filtered Words: 0)
More unitized lumber is being shipped on flat cars , and NLRDA studies show that flat cars loaded with the new Type 6-B floating-load method can be unloaded for as little as $.054/mbf . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They make us conformists look good '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] sat down in the only unoccupied kitchen chair . (Filtered Words: 1)
While a wind wave never travels at more than 60 miles per hour , the velocity of a tsunami in the open sea must be reckoned in hundreds of miles per hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sighing , [FILTERED] dropped the paper and stood up . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now lay 12 pieces of Af cut 5-3/4'' '' long side by side but separated by 12 pieces of the same material 1/2'' '' sq. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rev's face was suddenly a little fixed and questioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the index words or electronic switches are reserved because of actual usage in the statements described above , the position or order of the statements within the program is not important ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The state universities of Maine , New Hampshire , And Vermont are older and more `` respectable '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We are already committed to establishing man's supremacy over nature and everywhere on earth , not merely in the limited social-political-economical context we are fond of today . (Filtered Words: 0)
Old Commodore Forsythe , who had once lost a fifty-dollar bet on whether he could get both motors started and turn on the running lights without accidentally turning on something else first . (Filtered Words: 0)
Investors , however , still see an element of more-than-ordinary risk in the toll-road bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
This procedure was repeated one day a month for four months . (Filtered Words: 0)
So wrote a ten year old student in a letter to his parents from North Country School , Lake Placid , New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The actor had had much to drink and apparently became very violent . (Filtered Words: 0)
She knew what people were thinking ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Another veteran telephone operator was [FILTERED] , who had been in the office forty years at the time of her death in 1960 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pohl could receive from 1 to 15 years in prison or probation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This deal with the ace o' spades . (Filtered Words: 0)
And His glory is flooding my soul '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A well-designed , 1200-square-foot house can be comfortably cooled and heated for as little as $128 a year , or $11 a month . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clerk's eyes flickered . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
The system works as an impersonal mechanism . (Filtered Words: 0)
During much of the year the general level of business activity has moved along on a record-high plateau , but there have been persistent signs of slack in the economy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bern demands that the Lord's Supper be administered here as it used to be , with unleavened bread . (Filtered Words: 0)
As was to be expected [FILTERED]'s latest speech was greeted with enthusiasm by revenge-seeking circles in Bonn , where officials of the West German government praised it '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was a long silence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes , though , they did not seem quite human . (Filtered Words: 0)
The game opened a busy week for Washington . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in a few minutes Papa was dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is a beautiful filly and likes to trot . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was further elimination of all companies that were not accompanied by the name of a responsible company executive . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has been appointed temporary assistant district attorney , it was announced Monday by [FILTERED] , District Attorney . (Filtered Words: 2)
She had picked up the quirt and was twirling it around her wrist and smiling at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s words -- in the days of the Spanish Armada's threats ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Once many years ago I sat at dinner next to Arthur Train , and the subject of The Nation came up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Threat of closing the cannery is a recent one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Places , too , have their haunting qualities . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bristles are soft enough to massage the gums and not scratch the enamel . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
After it had reappeared the next two nights , [FILTERED] went to higher headquarters and said : (Filtered Words: 1)
There was more to this than [FILTERED] had told him . (Filtered Words: 1)
While the `` empirical psychoanalytic '' label which Fromm claims sheds no light on the validity of his underlying philosophy , it does increase the marketability of his product . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't say anything , trying to get my throat clear , but I watched him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The housing bill is now in the House Rules Committee . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is important for an understanding of Zen to realize that the esoteric preoccupations of the select few cannot be the doctrine of the common man . (Filtered Words: 0)
any kind of job was better than brooding . (Filtered Words: 0)
That achievement was his creation of the universal grinding machine , which made its appearance in 1876 at the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You have every right to be '' , I replied gravely in the Manu dialect , but my attention was fixed on [FILTERED] , the biggest and strongest of us . (Filtered Words: 1)
He nodded , clasping and unclasping his hands over his paunch , and flicked glances at me . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , how can we step up the desegregation movement ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In other areas , Congressional action last week included : (Filtered Words: 0)
Following a guide , and gratefully so , is an excellent way to see all the important places when everything is strange and new . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Florican-My Precious ) 2:37 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] and Julia came from the door and dragged him with them . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now in its third year , the program is designed to provide a laboratory for those youngsters seeking careers in marketing and salesmanship . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were 54,320 copies of fascicles sold and 642 copies distributed free during this period . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They require , for existence , a brave spirit and a high heart , and where do you find these ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Rodent control work for the 10-year period will be aimed at control of the most serious infestations of harmful rodents , such as porcupines and mice , on high-value areas of forage and commercial timberlands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But , in departing , [FILTERED] begged [FILTERED] that there be no liquor in the apartment at the Grosvenor on his return , and he took with him the first thirty galleys of Elmer Gantry . (Filtered Words: 2)
Bergson and [FILTERED] announce that `` the secret is the center of a philosophy '' and thereafter a hundred followers declare secrecy a higher verity . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
They all sat around and drank ice water , and the men smoked , and everybody had a good time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , whose daughter was also a maid to the queen , wore an ashes of roses slipper satin gown . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was just quarter of nine . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't know a human could feed so fast and still be beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said , `` Wait '' , and handed the bottle to Pops for his final drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the makeshift airports were ready , the York State Guard flyers proved unable to keep any kind of mail schedule . (Filtered Words: 0)
An area may be too small for the needs of the project . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mercer never noticed the needle touch his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Chicago And All That Jazz '' could not be faulted on the choice of artists . (Filtered Words: 0)
High blood pressure can get the best of any of us . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon reaching the desired speed , the automatic equipment would cut off the drive , and the silent but not empty vessel would hurl towards the star which was its journey's end . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nowhere before in [FILTERED]'s pages have we met such impassioned defenders of a `` quality of man '' which transcends the realm of politics and even the realm of action altogether -- both the action of [FILTERED]'s early anarchist-adventurers like Perken and [FILTERED] , and the self-sacrificing action of dedicated Communists like [FILTERED] and Katow in Man's Fate . (Filtered Words: 4)
The simple treaty principle that [FILTERED] was asking him to ratify , in short , was nothing less than total trust . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But John forbad him , saying , I have need to be baptized of thee , and comest thou to me ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no registration fee but there will be a charge of $2.50 for the luncheon to be held in the library and fine arts building . (Filtered Words: 0)
and ( 3 ) the attitudes and opinions of the respondents concerning bidding procedures and the methods of awarding defense contracts . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` See for yourself , Miss Zion . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the policy officer has the hounds of time snapping at his heels . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wiped the blood from his cheek . (Filtered Words: 0)
A small business is defined as one which is independently owned and operated and which is not dominant in its field . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] says that he has given the role certain qualities he has observed in the city toughs of the real world . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the master of scops who was most responsible for the poem ever used kennings that were traditional , he was at least partly deprived of free will and not inclined towards shrewd and sophisticated misuse of speech elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some have walked through pain and sorrow to bring you their message of hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the original absent sitter must decide whether the statements are meaningful to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter is what concerns us all . (Filtered Words: 0)
It does no harm for wine to stand on end for a matter of days , but in terms of months and years it is fatal . (Filtered Words: 0)
In defiance , a chinless reprobate , [FILTERED] , marched down the aisle in St. Peter's one Sunday morning , followed by one of the women from the Bordel , whose dress and walk plainly showed the lack of any shame . (Filtered Words: 1)
Next morning , he found a note in the refrigerator . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like [FILTERED] , in my fantasies , I had a proud bearing and , with a skill that was vaguely continental , I would lead [FILTERED] through an evening of dancing and handsome descriptions of my newest exploits , would guide her gently to the night's climax which , in my dreams , was always represented by our almost suffocating one another to death with deep , moist kisses burning with love . (Filtered Words: 2)
You had to be stupid or crazy or immortal . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had style : he held his reins in a loose bunch at the third button of his checked Epsom surtout , and when the horses leaned at a curve , as if bent by the force of a gale , he leaned with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
She did not go so far as to say , as was done on other occasions , that Abstraction as well as Impressionism were a Russian invention that had been discarded as unwanted by the people of the U.S.S.R. (Filtered Words: 0)
Each feels intensely national . (Filtered Words: 0)
A $500 reward was offered by the association's local in Kansas City , Kas. . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most frequent excuse for the prevalence of unoriginals and tested imports is increasing production expense -- producers cannot afford to take chances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Corroborating Mr. [FILTERED]' figures was the Federal Reserve Board's report of the large sales increase in the nation's department stores for the week ending March 4 . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` In view of the current expansion , which promises to be substantial '' he said the odds appear to favor rising interest rates in coming months , but `` there is reason to believe the change will not be as abrupt as in 1958 nor as severe as in late 1959 and 1960 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Some can be lonely in a crowd '' , Nogol said elaborately . (Filtered Words: 0)
She opened it an inch and poked out the keys for me to give you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The performance also marked the debut of a most promising young conductor , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I beg your pardon '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Less than three hours ago we'd decided , in [FILTERED] pad on Cosmo , to commit a trial murder . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was coming toward him . (Filtered Words: 0)
They could have been perfectly happy here for ten whole days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Directionality is greatly exaggerated most of the time ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1825 , the Boston house carpenters' strike for a ten-hour day was denounced by the organized employers , who declared : `` It is considered that all combinations by any classes of citizens intended to effect the value of labor tend to convert all its branches into monopolies '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The space between them is filled with pit-run gravel or earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chromium analysis gave 58.8% [FILTERED] as compared with 61.2% theory . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is assumed that the flux values increase by a factor of 2.512 per magnitude , in accordance with the opinion that the total mass flux in each unit range in magnitude is constant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , paradoxically , the beat writers resort to `` religious '' metaphors : they are in search of mana , the spiritual , the numinous , but not anything connected with formal religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Y'all wanna walk -- walk '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The New York University Board of Trustees has elected the youngest president in the 130-year history of NYU , it was announced yesterday . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was fun for me , all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The way you were careful '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was taken to University Hospital in a municipal ambulance . (Filtered Words: 0)
One thing you can say about Mr. [FILTERED] is that he does not suffer from any insecurity as an American . (Filtered Words: 1)
Devout , orthodox and plain like a family she might meet in Brooklyn or Malta or Ireland . (Filtered Words: 0)
The heat transfer to the anode is due to the following effects : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Church expects certain things of those who become members . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were two methods that could have been used for conducting the study within the resources available : ( 1 ) interviews in depth with a few selected companies , and ( 2 ) the more limited interrogation of a large number of companies by means of a mail questionnaire . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men inside informed him that they had some wounded men among them but he would not be allowed to see them even though he offered medical aid . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Secretary General must have , subject to the constitutional direction of the Security Council and the General Assembly , the power to act , to propose action and to organize action without being hobbled by advisers and assistants acting on someone else's instructions . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the fifty-two slaves , [FILTERED] succeeded in getting a lot of twenty , twelve of whom were females . (Filtered Words: 1)
Recognizing that there could have been no effective negotiated peace with [FILTERED] , he points out the shocking failure to give support to the anti-Nazi underground , which very nearly eliminated [FILTERED] in 1944 . (Filtered Words: 2)
The appropriate action for handling these forms can be taken at that time . (Filtered Words: 0)
To most observers , there is little doubt that he placed an artificial strait jacket of unity upon the years of [FILTERED]'s reign which in reality existed only in the pages of his history . (Filtered Words: 1)
The massive gate of the Maltese villa affords one of the most extraordinary views in Rome . (Filtered Words: 0)
she was fatally injured . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a grunt , curiously inarticulate , like that of an animal in pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said . (Filtered Words: 0)
If internal frictions arose , they could be handled by the 25,000-man Congolese army , the Force Publique , which had been trained and was still officered by white Belgians . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you want to get them aired '' (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] acted as moderator of the long debate on this issue . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , the ill-fated gypsy , was a true artist , one who demonstrated conclusively the power of art to renew itself and flow into many channels . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , red wine must , if possible , never be disturbed or shaken ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In this respect , the general palatability and individual acceptance of most radiosterilized foods has , to date , been found to be low in comparison with fresh and commercially processed foods . (Filtered Words: 0)
The plan called for divestiture by Du Pont of its 63,000,000 shares of General Motors stock by equal annual distributions to its stockholders , as a dividend , over a period of ten years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strongheart ( Adios-Direct Gal ) , a fair-looking sorrel colt , knows nothing but pace and has been right there in the best miles . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The first in a series of five productions will be held in War Memorial Auditorium Thursday , Oct. 26 . (Filtered Words: 0)
the frequencies are 1665.32 and 1667.36 Af , with an uncertainty of 0.10 Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suppose it is something right on the planet , native to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
And their roles are paralleled by those of [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and many , many more . (Filtered Words: 5)
Even from where he stood he could see the neatly folded blanket that he had spread over [FILTERED] , the pillow , the sheet of paper on top of it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet if Washington gets too indignant about Soviet fallout , it will have to do a lot of fast footwork if America decides it too must start pushing up the radiation count . (Filtered Words: 0)
And like this English master , Mason realizes his subjects in large , simplified masses which , though they seem effortless , are in reality the result of skilled design born of hard work and a thorough distillation of the natural form that inspired them . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a good use of money . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , let's get going '' , she said impatiently . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pulsating vibration of energy clutches at the pit of your stomach . (Filtered Words: 0)
Surprise addition (Filtered Words: 0)
The President , in a special message to Congress , tied in with his aged care plan requests for large federal grants to finance medical and dental scholarships , build 20 new medical and 20 new dental schools , and expand child health care and general medical research . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The New York University Board of Trustees has elected the youngest president in the 130-year history of NYU , it was announced yesterday . (Filtered Words: 0)
For added strength , I also fastened a small block on each side of every frame and batten joint . (Filtered Words: 0)
The directors of the [FILTERED] do not respond to adverse notices in as docile and subservient a manner as the Broadway producers who , in two instances this season , closed their plays after one performance . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Presiding Elder was sure that that would be impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Revenue Service said the addition of the attachment does not keep the range from coming under the Federal manufacturers' excise tax on household-type appliances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe he felt the same way . (Filtered Words: 0)
A simple process for the preparation of nearly monodisperse polystyrene of predictable molecular weight has been developed . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a long train flowing from the shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Carbondale Industrial Development Corp. has obtained a $500,000 loan to help defray the cost of remodeling a city-owned factory to accommodate production that will provide 500 new jobs . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are in themselves neutral , and , so far as they get a moral quality , they get it only through being invested with it by the attitude of the onlooker . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some brilliant rookies nailed them down , so that this spring just two spots , left and right field , are really up for grabs . (Filtered Words: 0)
All crystalline substances and other solid-state materials . (Filtered Words: 0)
The young couple live in Pasadena . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a lot of shooting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Select class members for reports on various phases of the study . (Filtered Words: 0)
Motorists like myself who can remember the old `` tourists accommodated '' signs on farm houses and village homes before World War 2 , can only marvel at the great size and the luxury of the relatively new and fast-grossing motel business . (Filtered Words: 0)
dashed hope (Filtered Words: 0)
It may well be that , when [FILTERED] and I visited your country last spring , you were living and working close to the places we saw and the streets we walked . (Filtered Words: 1)
That night he reeled out of [FILTERED] dance hall and proceeded to disturb the peace by shooting off his revolver . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then I felt uncomfortable , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a dress shop proprietor , paid $1020 to a masseur , and Mr. [FILTERED] , a laborer , paid $4200 to a chiropractor for treatment with two fake health machines -- the `` radioclast '' and the `` diagnometer '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Tax-free returns . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , he's so darling and '' (Filtered Words: 0)
For when he began to talk and dream all at the same time , making his plans as he went , she had begun dreaming too . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It didn't come from me . (Filtered Words: 0)
This leads Irenaeus to the somewhat startling notion that Adam and Eve died on the same day that they disobeyed , namely , on a Friday , as a parallel to the death of Christ on Good Friday ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sex was both . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were the early departures ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Patients deserve more attention than they are getting . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] comes next , with a mile in 2:30-:33.2 . (Filtered Words: 1)
That is , if we can trust that most specious of prolusions , packed as it is with wit and persiflage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or that the tiny creek spun its silent course toward the [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
One growth center in a short bone -- distal phalanx of the second finger -- was chosen as an example for discussion here , primarily because epiphyseal-diaphyseal fusion , the maturity indicator for Completion in long and short bones , occurs in this center for girls near the menarche and for boys near their comparable pubescent stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps it was his misfortune , or good fortune , whichever way one looked at it , to belong to the former group , and he was struggling unconsciously to build up pressure in a world which demanded none , which was positively antagonistic to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
The aged care plan carries these benefits for persons over 65 who are under the social security and railroad retirement systems : 1 (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , [FILTERED] was not . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I've been fixing up the guest room for [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
I shall tell of it later on . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new City Charter , which should get a Yes vote as Question No. 1 on Nov. 7 , would not make a good Mayor out of a bad one . (Filtered Words: 0)
The subcommittee is not alone in questioning the effectiveness of the department . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] followed Eddie into the office and shut the door . (Filtered Words: 1)
She also was the original GOP national committeewoman from New Jersey in the early 1920s following adoption of the women's suffrage amendment . (Filtered Words: 0)
A true university , like most successful marriages , is a unity of diversities Without forcing all components into a single pattern , the preparation of a master plan is an opportunity to consider interrelation of knowledge at its highest level , which a university -- in contrast to a multiversity -- should stand for . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , as we have seen , in later childhood the child begins to substitute the standards of the peer group for those of parents and teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
These new poems have only a few direct references to jazz and jazz musicians , but they show changes in Patchen's approach to his poetry , for he has tried to enter into and understand the emotional attitude of the jazz musician . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both of them were my friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
More rarely , the hymen is so sturdy that it does not yield to penetration . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , bobbing her head encouragingly , asked [FILTERED] about Canada , having a special interest . (Filtered Words: 2)
For example , the level of improvement noted in a recent experiment with a short course of immediate treatment for parent-child relationship problems compared favorably with the results reported by typical child guidance clinics where the hours spent in purely diagnostic study may equal or exceed the number of hours devoted to actual treatment interviews in the experimental project . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they did not believe in widespread secondary education , much less in college . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stillness persisted as Alec followed a bellboy across the lobby to the elevator . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not keep his eyes off her when at school ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He lurched drunkenly to his feet , lowered his head , and took one step away from the wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Improvement can be measured by the lessening distance between toes and head . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case `` here in their judgment conditions require '' ( italics added ) they would `` form interim governmental authorities broadly representative of all democratic elements in the population and pledged to the earliest possible establishment through free elections of governments responsive to the will of the people '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boys had a tremendous respect for each other's ability . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- No doubt there have been moments during every Presidency when the man in the White House has had feelings of frustration , exasperation , exhaustion , and even panic . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next day I visited International Christian College which has developed since the war under the leadership of people who were interned and who know Japan well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Complicity is an embarrassing word . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe to have supper . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gives you a wide and varied choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
25 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They , on occasion , posed as addicts and peddlers '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
All I ever wanted was to be a free man in my own country . (Filtered Words: 0)
So escalation proceeds , ad infinitum or , more accurately , until the contestants begin dropping them on each other instead of on their respective proving grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thereafter he was classified 1-o . (Filtered Words: 0)
On my way out I told her , `` If you should eh just happen to see your husband , get him to give himself up . (Filtered Words: 0)
If your child works for you , you may deduct reasonable wages you paid to him for services he rendered in your business . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the will and word of God are for them concentrated in Christ-like love , it seems clear to them that non-violent resistance is quite another thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile he has been thinking about the facts surrounding the problem , facts which he knows can never be complete , and the general background , much of which has already been lost to history . (Filtered Words: 0)
Molly already has her cotillion gown , and it's fitted , says her mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Hughes company and the Consolidated Industries , Inc. , both of 3646 N. 2d St. , filed for reorganization under the Federal bankruptcy law . (Filtered Words: 0)
We find , for example , such groupings as the Five Ancient Rulers , the Five Sacred Mountains , the Five Directions ( with Center ) , the Five Metals , Five Colors , Five Tastes , Five Odors , Five Musical Notes , Five Bodily Functions , [FILTERED] , and many others . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` A year , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1838 , a devastating fire gutted their small shop and soon thereafter [FILTERED] moved west to Illinois , settling on a land grant in his declining years . (Filtered Words: 1)
Despite his personal distaste for obesity ( `` disgusting '' ) , Dr. [FILTERED] has only an incidental interest in how much Americans eat . (Filtered Words: 1)
A section of the colon revealed intense hyperemia and extensive focal ulcerations of the mucosa , associated with much fibrin and many neutrophils . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look for home building nationally to advance less than 10 percent this year from 1960's 1,257,700 non-farm housing starts . (Filtered Words: 0)
This would show that somebody , even a foreigner living in Rome , cared . (Filtered Words: 0)
In America , [FILTERED] observed that , unlike the Mondrian school , Helion `` sought a return path to the fullness of nature within the framework of abstract art '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
And then , as they become aware that they have reached the end of their patience , what do they , to their dismay , learn for the first time about themselves ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Consulting Engineer , (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1954 I was drafted and after serving two years honorably on Active Duty I was not required to participate in any further Army Reserve activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I loved this valley '' , he whispered huskily . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the last two years , this frontier of the arts has produced a number of so-called `` non-dramas '' which have left indelible , bittersweet impressions on the psyche of this veteran theatregoer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maggie had shaken himself awake and was licking the sand off his stubby whiskers and his long plume of a tail . (Filtered Words: 0)
To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority -- administrative officials and judges -- be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This kind of place (Filtered Words: 0)
He had lots of friends , then as always . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , Biblical scholars frequently attested to its numerous inaccuracies , as old manuscripts were uncovered and scholarship advanced . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beyond that , Allied disagreement about military intervention in Laos -- despite warnings that they might do so -- allowed Moscow to carry out with impunity a series of military and diplomatic moves that greatly strengthened the pro-Communist forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
The problem involved military necessity as much as morality , for in pre-penicillin days venereal disease was a crippling disability . (Filtered Words: 0)
The suitcases had come while they were out , and had been put in their room , the concierge said . (Filtered Words: 0)
She played chess with him by postcard . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think that all Americans will resent deeply the statements made about President [FILTERED] by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
What the next move will be only time , of course , will tell . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You bought it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In order to attract additional industry that is compatible with this community it is all the more important to present to the industrial prospect an orderly balance in the tax structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] certainly wanted to tell people about the ruin and disorder of the world . (Filtered Words: 1)
In spite of his being well liked there were a few people who were very careful about Alfred . (Filtered Words: 0)
The evening program was opened by the Jazz Three , a Newport group consisting of [FILTERED] on bass , [FILTERED] , drums , and [FILTERED] , piano . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` We're lost and burning up already '' , she bit out tensely . (Filtered Words: 0)
every morning , I lay out his clothes on it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , very slight changes in P do not change the probabilities much , and a slight lack of independence may not make an appreciable difference . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you plan to visit any of these countries , you can obtain your International Driving Permit before you leave at a nominal fee -- around $3.00 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even as he became widely known as a professional killer , nearly every cowboy and rancher in Wyoming seemed proud to call him a friend . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strong hands act ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was oblivious of the form of the object actually being viewed , precisely because he could not assign it to a visual shape , already learned and held in visual memory , as persons of normal vision do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , I do not doubt that , among the people at the U.N. that day , there were Stalinist and professional revolutionists acting out of the most cynical motives . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , I'm telling you , it'll be turned down -- you don't understand the System yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the lower dealer inventories and the stepped-up demand some manufacturers believe there could be shortages of some implements . (Filtered Words: 0)
The music which [FILTERED] has composed for this episode is for the most part `` rather pretty and perfectly banal '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
I felt it would be inopportune to disclose my presence . (Filtered Words: 0)
With naked gas jets below and leaky windows above , enough to ruin wall paintings in any medium , they have survived , in a building long unheated in winter , hot and damp under the iron dome in summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matsuo shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men of Innesfree are got up authentically in cloth caps and sweaters , and their dancing and singing is fine . (Filtered Words: 0)
the mere piling up of testimony does not prove , to the scientific mind , the existence of hoop snakes , joint snakes , or ghosts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jury , which was locked up in a motel overnight , was canvassed at the request of [FILTERED] after the verdict was announced . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was so cruel to Tolley , so unfair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even apart from the fact that now at the age of 31 my personal life is being totally disrupted for the second time for no very compelling reason -- I cannot help looking around at the black leather jacket brigades standing idly on the street corners and in the taverns of every American city and asking myself if our society has gone mad . (Filtered Words: 0)
I do not mean to imply that Christians have adopted the liberal assumption , so prevalent in Hinduism , that all religions are merely different paths to the same summit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meager and shabby by-products linger to haunt our memories of a once mighty protagonist ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
all their men were bearded , and many of their women were beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
We may then dismiss the time difference between these courses and the usual four year course of the interior design student as not having serious bearing on the subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Soccer Club was organized by undergraduate men interested in playing soccer and promoting the sport . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , stated Day , `` He always omits facts which tend to disprove his hypothesis '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked up and saw that , without knowing it , Mrs. [FILTERED] was holding it aloft . (Filtered Words: 1)
investigation of respiratory diseases of laboratory animals ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Over on the bank , the west bank , a man stood , calling to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here I do not mean catharsis , the discharge of emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` May we come with you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] backed off two steps , forcing him to come on again . (Filtered Words: 1)
She puffed on the cigarette slowly , sitting slumped against the back seat ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have to get back to Jarrodsville '' , he went on . (Filtered Words: 0)
The face of one block contained a hole 1/16'' '' in diameter which led to a manometer for the measurement of the normal pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Incidentally , no Mexican nationals were involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unruly hair goes straight up from his forehead , standing so high that the top falls gently over , as if to show that it really is hair and not bristle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Special districts in Rhode island . (Filtered Words: 0)
A naval blockade would be thoroughly in line with the Monroe Doctrine , would be a relatively simple operation to carry out , and would bring an abrupt end to Soviet penetration of our hemisphere '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't get a good look at him at all , his back was to me , and I was so scared It was just somebody in a man's suit . (Filtered Words: 0)
ExPe doesn't like anybody mucking up primary evidence '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It calls the conclusion admitted valid by `` historians and military strategists alike '' a `` perverted conclusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was at least conscious of the distinction in my full Yokuts presentation that awaits publication , in which , in listing ' Two-Stem Meanings ' , I set off by asterisks those forms in which N of stem B was Af of stem A/3 , the unasterisked ones standing for Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In both the direct and indirect methods of staining , the conjugates had nonspecifically staining fractions . (Filtered Words: 0)
So suppose somebody only wished to frighten her , so she would leave Honotassa ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Their ham butts , cured in oak-log smoke , were also esteemed when roasted or boiled , and served with this original sauce : (Filtered Words: 0)
Rivers of cold sweat were suddenly unleashed within him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Specifically , Congress should consider authorizing the Peace Corps to receive contributions from American businesses , unions , civic organizations and the public at large . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gun cleared his throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a fantastic story . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] didn't have today's advantages of Instrument Flight and Ground Control Approach systems . (Filtered Words: 1)
Almost everything about the movies that is peculiarly of the movies derives from a tension created and maintained between narrative time and film time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its upkeep ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The cyclist , by contrast , blond and blue-eyed , is simply unreflective , unproblematic Life , `` blithe and carefree '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the problems associated with the expressway stems from the basic idea . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took a midnight train out of Cleveland Saturday , without an official word to anybody , and has stayed away from newsmen on his train trip across the nation to Reno , Nev. , where his wife , former Olympic Diving Champion Zoe Ann Olsen , awaited . (Filtered Words: 0)
This term refers to the ability of a material to resist bending stress and is determined by measuring the load required to cause failure by bending . (Filtered Words: 0)
The formation remained perfect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elaine nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He bogeyed the 10th . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lumpe worked a walk as the first batter to face [FILTERED] and romped around as Siebern blasted [FILTERED]'s next toss 415 feet over the scoreboard in right center . (Filtered Words: 2)
Sets of weights are provided so that the load can be selected in the range of 1/2 to 4 pounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , however , the arrangements were made and we drove out into the bush in a Land Rover . (Filtered Words: 0)
and in the fact that she bases her decisions about work , college , carreer , and studies on what others are doing , rather than on her own sense of identity with given skills , abilities , likes , and dislikes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took a big swig of his drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
An African knife and battle-ax are at this moment being sharpened by McKinley and Green . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Introduction continues : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
I went off with [FILTERED] , who maintained that if he didn't see to me , he didn't know who would . (Filtered Words: 1)
If communications work , his decision would be instantly known in all command posts that would originate the actual go order . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Molotov altogether rejects the line of peaceful coexistence , reducing this concept merely to the state of peace or rather , the absence of war at a given moment , and to a denial of the possibility of averting a world war . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She didn't mention bringing Myra '' , [FILTERED] said , maneuvering the car into the next lane . (Filtered Words: 1)
We run a respectable house here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] held nothing but their fingers . (Filtered Words: 2)
They stayed in their own world on the bluff , waiting for letters and the peddler , bringing the news . (Filtered Words: 0)
I tried not to act scared . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were all good men . (Filtered Words: 0)
The possibility has to be ruled out that the medium's ESP may tap the memory of the sitter , and to do this , the two central characters in this drama must be separated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , noting neither the absence of his footwear nor the presence of the rosebuds , he made his way to the Byzantine room and , with his usual dignity , mounted the rostrum . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was closer to understanding it in English now , although it could never have the inevitability of the Martian concept it stood for . (Filtered Words: 0)
Engaged as it is in a battle for world trade as a condition of national survival , this country can have little patience with labor's family feuds . (Filtered Words: 0)
True , she was my Aunt , married to an [FILTERED] related to me only by marriage , but why she had married a man twice her age , and more , perhaps , I did not know or much care . (Filtered Words: 1)
One year I simply set the plants in the remains of a compost pile , to which a little sand had been added , and I had the most beautiful pansies in my , or any of my neighbors' experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
division five , by the Air Force followed by 11 states . (Filtered Words: 0)
Important considerations common to each type of shelter are : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' , he said , eagerly , beginning a kind of dance of excitement . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stayed away for ten days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he wrinkled his huge brow and went slowly out of the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other tax-exempt bonds of State and local governments hit a price peak on February 21 , according to Standard & Poor's average . (Filtered Words: 0)
Movable panels of floor-to-ceiling maps and charts are crammed with intelligence information . (Filtered Words: 0)
That long ride the four of you took must've given him a good appetite . (Filtered Words: 0)
How about you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
According to this doctrine , the universe was ruled by Heaven , T'ien -- as a natural force , or in the personification of a Supreme Sky-god -- governing all things by means of a process called the [FILTERED] , which can be roughly interpreted as `` the Order of the Universe '' or `` the Universal Way '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Indeed , we should say , on the contrary , that the accident of our later discovery made no difference whatever to the badness of the animal's pain , that it would have been every whit as bad whether a chance passer-by happened later to discover the body and feel repugnance or not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Haney watched the small but wiry man slip out the door quickly and silently , and felt relieved to see that nobody else seemed to notice his departure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , nursing various Stubblefields -- her aunt , then her mother , then her father -- through their lengthy illnesses ( everybody could tell you the Stubblefields were always sick ) , Theresa had had a chance to read quite a lot . (Filtered Words: 0)
After another long pause he asked , `` How many people know who they are '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The one way to get around them -- short of knowing exactly what one wants and sticking to it -- is to frequent a single establishment until its wine waiter is persuaded that one is at least as interested in wine as in spending money . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] introduced him into several Roman homes . (Filtered Words: 1)
I knew of but one test and I threw it out to her for what it was worth . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found a match in his pocket and lit it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other hitters bloomed with more or less vigor in the news and a few even dared to dream of matching [FILTERED] , who was still called [FILTERED] by all his friends , or [FILTERED] or Two-Head by those who dared to taunt him ( [FILTERED] was the name of the ball player he liked the least ) and who called most of the world `` Kid '' . (Filtered Words: 4)
In the Negro neighborhoods and also to some extent in the mixed neighborhoods the problem may be one of identification and motivation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe I could call [FILTERED] at the magazine [FILTERED] where he worked . (Filtered Words: 2)
Of the 885 specimens newly mounted or refurbished , 254 were prepared for other agencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is obvious that the careful choice of photocathode which maximizes Af for a given input E ( in the case of the second stage , for the first phosphor screen emission ) is very important . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it may be , also , that he is merely more mindful of athletics than of esthetics at the present time . (Filtered Words: 0)
weak hands ask , What is going on ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you audited your program recently to weed out those phases that draw least participation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There appeared to be no difference in the distribution of anti-A and anti-B activity in group O serum , though in two group O donors ( [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] ) only one type of agglutinin was found in the regions of low anionic binding capacity ( Figs. 1 and 2 ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
But I am afraid Mr. [FILTERED]'s meat and potatoes dish isn't well seasoned enough for local audiences . (Filtered Words: 1)
Visually , these approximated what he was feeling within himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] remembers that , before unpacking his bag , he telephoned his bootlegger with a generous order , and almost at once `` the familiar procession of people began milling through our living room at any hour between two P.M. and three A.M. '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Denver , Colo. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Discontinue medication 48 hours before slaughter . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one time , while still under the impression that he was dealing with a Cuban plot , the President talked about invoking a total embargo on trade with Cuba . (Filtered Words: 0)
The strategy worked perfectly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again it was used as the title for the hoss wrangler , and when the order was given to go out and `` rustle the hosses '' , it meant for 'im to go out and herd 'em in . (Filtered Words: 0)
His encylopedia agreed with Sabella . (Filtered Words: 0)
Japanese fishermen have sometimes observed that sardines hauled up in their nets during a tsunami have enormously swollen stomachs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That Mrs. [FILTERED] ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
But even for them it remains a museum , or perhaps it would be more accurate to say a tomb , a tomb in which Persia lies well preserved but indeed dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
We propose a method for selecting only dictionary information required by the text being translated and a means for passing the information directly to the occurrences in text . (Filtered Words: 0)
A brief list of the great detective's little idiosyncrasies would provide Dr. Freud with ample food for thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know , Mr. [FILTERED] '' , he said haltingly , beginning to get an inkling of [FILTERED]'s plans . (Filtered Words: 1)
No , I want out , [FILTERED] '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
The rest is used for human food and industrial products . (Filtered Words: 0)
When all of the rinse water has passed from the reservoir to the tubs the main drains are lowered to permit complete draining of the tubs . (Filtered Words: 0)
They practiced movement behind a smoke screen laid by smoke grenades ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She was exposing herself to temptation which it is best to avoid where it can consistently be done . (Filtered Words: 0)
They knew that their perceptual experience differed from objective reality since they had seen the desk and ball prior to putting on the aniseikonic lenses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Active warfare is raging between the forces pressing for a monument to the first Roosevelt on [FILTERED] in the Potomac , and TR.'s own living children , who wish to preserve the island as a wildlife sanctuary . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the second half of the Sixteenth Century , Sinan , the great architect who is the Michelangelo of the East , designed the massive buttresses that now help support the dome . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would assign one of the rescue trucks to the Riverside section of the city and the other to the Rumford area . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet long before the scheduled time for return , [FILTERED] would be watching for every speck in the sky . (Filtered Words: 1)
Include as expenditures an allowance for depreciation of farm buildings and equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Greek boys and girls also go for rock-and-roll , and the stations most tuned to are those carrying United States overseas programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s center-fire 1961 rifles are all made with Sako actions , regardless of caliber . (Filtered Words: 1)
ground together they made a strong adhesive , which became waterproof in drying . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hell , plenty of guys get let out and come back later . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a youth he became one of [FILTERED]'s band of evangelists and gave himself to winning young men . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Springfield come in tomorrow '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and they agreed to see that the tragic pair would not put poison in anybody else's soup . (Filtered Words: 0)
The U.S. cannot take the initiative against the Left . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Belgians also placed great emphasis on education . (Filtered Words: 0)
On December 21 , the day that the Irish House of Commons petitioned for removal of Sir [FILTERED] , their Tory Lord Chancellor , [FILTERED] reportedly made this remark on the defense of Phipps by Convocation : `` They that have turned the world upside down , are come hither also '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
He would spring bolt upright suddenly after sitting quietly with inaction , because something had boiled over in his fermenting juices . (Filtered Words: 0)
Social process is always anchored in past predisposition ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Another editor pointed despairingly at a bundle of letters that had accumulated for him , saying , `` But Mr. [FILTERED] , what shall I do with this correspondence '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
One who needed no such threats was a French financier . (Filtered Words: 0)
But now she sank lower to the rock . (Filtered Words: 0)
suspicion between member states still existed , but it was of about the same low order of virulence as the twentieth-century rivalry between Arizona and California over water supplies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus science is the savior of mankind , and in this respect Childhood's End only blueprints in greater detail the vision of the future which , though not always so directly stated , has nevertheless been present in the minds of most science-fiction writers . (Filtered Words: 0)
To this day the Atomic Energy Commission shies away from discussing the health aspects of fallout . (Filtered Words: 0)
How much study is required ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When he told her God had called the child to Him , she rejected his words rebelliously . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` La Dolce Vita '' , the dynamite Italian flicker , opens at popular prices at the [FILTERED] theater Nov. 2 . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Science In Action '' , San Francisco's venerable television program , will be seen in Hong Kong this fall in four languages : Mandarin , Cantonese , Chiuchow and English , according to a tip from Dr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
You may order utility models , inboard or outboard , with or without toilets , galleys , and bunks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe with specific orders to see that I don't make contact with her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The way she strutted down the street , the Old Man would have been blind not to have noticed both . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Presiding Elder looked him over rather carefully . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his great and glorious wisdom , he knew that our enemies the Israelites must not be able to read therein what we planned '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He came out alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I did not perceive this essential distinction either , First-Born '' , Hesperus said at once , `` I was only practicing a concept that [FILTERED] taught me , called a deal '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
She smiled , a smile without humor . (Filtered Words: 0)
If coffee is sold at the cafeteria , let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] apologized and quickly set the hat right . (Filtered Words: 1)
The most unbelievable thing about the chance meeting was that he seemed interested in me , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Time was when the house of delegates of the American Bar association leaned to the common sense side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two men pulled him off . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a war to stay out of today , especially in view of the fact that President [FILTERED] apparently does not want United States troops . (Filtered Words: 1)
His manhood had been attacked . (Filtered Words: 0)
How effective have [FILTERED] administration first foreign policy decisions been in dealing with Communist aggression ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Imagine the searching and the prayer that lay behind the letter the rector wrote after almost a decade of service to this majestic church . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] impressive (Filtered Words: 1)
The returns from companies classified as large businesses were set aside and not used because they were not relevant to a study of the opinions and practices of small firms . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I love you . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I beg your pardon '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The sounds from the quarry began to pulse in her ears . (Filtered Words: 0)
The amazing thing is that this too is caused by the dearth of teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fair enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] took no chances . (Filtered Words: 1)
The house passed finally , and sent to the Senate , a bill extending the State Health Department's authority to give planning assistance to cities . (Filtered Words: 0)
acquire secret processes , technical data , inventions , patent applications , patents , licenses , land and interests in land ( including water rights ) , plants and facilities , and other property or rights by purchase , license , lease , or donation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Wednesday morning it happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , I begged off . (Filtered Words: 0)
On balance , prices of those bonds have slipped a bit since then . (Filtered Words: 0)
The number of ordinary values of the function f{t} at T will be called its multiplicity at T . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , in Shaking The Dust From Shakespeare ( 216 ) , writes : `` There is not a word spoken by [FILTERED] which one would expect from a real Jew '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
He moved back to the wheel and stood there blowing , grasping the top of a spoke to still the trembling of his played-out limbs . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when charity interpenetrates man's struggle for justice and freedom it does not simply surround this with a sentimental good will . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Excuse me '' , he said in [FILTERED] , and got up and left them , to bathe and dress . (Filtered Words: 1)
The [FILTERED] retains his essential `` fiscal watchdog '' functions ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Now the English are painfully silent about my missing hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
The doctor , with the air of a man whose professional interests have found scope , drew Alex's attention to those excellences which might otherwise have escaped him : the fine color in comb and wattles , the length and quality of neck and saddle hackles , the firm , wide spread of the toes , and a rare justness in the formation of the ear lappets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other recommendations made by the committee are : (Filtered Words: 0)
Above them , the sky was the black of space , or the almost equal black of the winter sky above Minneapolis , seen against neon-lit snow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeing them waiting there at the foot of Emigrant Rock was so overwhelming that , for a good minute after they rounded the bend and started down the grade leading toward them , Matilda could not speak at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ching , Tien , all of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must take it from `` the red box '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why did these yokels still wear boots , anyway , when most had scarcely sat a horse in years ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Friend is off to a great start with a 4-0 record but isn't likely to see action here this week . (Filtered Words: 0)
To hang 50 Governors might be preferable except that they are not directly related to the highways ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Back at the Kaiser's Fountain , I walked left to the streetcar stop and rode up the hill -- any car will do -- past the Column of Constantine , also known as the Burnt Column , at the top on my right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Greg went up tight against the ceiling and led them back to their pass to home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cut a notch in lid for spoon handle if desired . (Filtered Words: 0)
The intricate system of muscles that manage the contraction and dilatation of the vagina are partly under voluntary control . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sputtered back to his feet and scrambled madly to pull his bags of seed grain forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
They slid through the wicket in the big gate , ghosted across the dark ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recently added is the Brown & Sharpe turret drilling machine which introduces the company to an entirely new field of tool development . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The activities of fractions of sera containing Rh antibodies were tested by the saline , albumin and indirect Coombs techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
The goal is to enlist all available economic resources in the industrialized Free World , especially private investment capital . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ball went off in a majestic arc , an out-of-bounds slice . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` To the graveyard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Help asked (Filtered Words: 0)
All have sinned and have need of the glory of God . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had noticed how formal and irritably exact [FILTERED] had grown . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] is deeply committed to our plans already . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] agreed . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Fermate '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Sitting quietly on an equally big pork barrel was another Judge [FILTERED] ally , Georgia's [FILTERED] , chairman of the Armed Services Committee . (Filtered Words: 2)
Furthermore , in certain respects , there are norms common to colleges and universities across the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No offense intended '' , he said gently . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore of course I will help '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon as the Burnsides moved on , he'd lead [FILTERED] down by the river ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Indirect indications of micrometeorite flux (Filtered Words: 0)
Measurement of anxiety (Filtered Words: 0)
You also , when you were dead by reason of your offenses and sins . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eating while angry had given her a slight indigestion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theoretical studies of the hydrogen bond generally agree that the Af bond will be linear in the absence of peculiarities of packing in the solid . (Filtered Words: 0)
This sum spent for foreign economic aid , the peace corps , food for peace , or any other program to solve the problems of the underdeveloped countries would be an investment that would pay off in world peace , increased world trade , and prosperity for every country on the globe . (Filtered Words: 0)
To reduce incidence of liver abscesses , supply 75 milligrams of oxytetracycline activity per head daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chairman [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had a terrible row at Sochi . (Filtered Words: 2)
This serious condition , popularly known as pyorrhea , is one of the chief causes of tooth loss in adults . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most damaging tsunami on record followed the famous Lisbon earthquake of November 1 , 1755 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Receiving '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The little Unsinkable sank almost immediately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last year a boy he knows and helped in Journalism won the Thoroughbred Racing Ass'n Scholarship which is worth $10,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have not seen this charge made during my stay here , but apparently it is still in the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consequently , both the rake angle of the knife as well as the friction occurring between the back of the removed coating and the front of the knife will determine in large part the detailed mechanism of the cutting removal process . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he had a feeling -- thanks to the girl -- that things would get worse before they got better . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beauty as well as love is redemptive , and Patchen preaches a kind of moral salvation . (Filtered Words: 0)
A glissade of giggles slid over their voices . (Filtered Words: 0)
The music becomes ethereal as he calls up a vision of her own sainthood : it is she , he tells her , who can bring the truth to Russia and convert the heretics . (Filtered Words: 0)
The line is a pretty good one . (Filtered Words: 0)
The use of this concept does not specify the origin of the radiation , and only if the planet really radiates as a black body , will the apparent black-body temperature correspond to the physical temperature of the emitting material . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the problem is enlarged to require a complete coverage of feed states , Af operations are needed by the dynamic program and Af by the direct search . (Filtered Words: 0)
The German courteously indicated that [FILTERED] should mount first . (Filtered Words: 1)
His long nose wiggled at the smells of frizzling bacon and heating java , but the fire was low , and he wanted to waste no time . (Filtered Words: 0)
One such man once confided to Dr. [FILTERED] , New York psychiatrist , that he preferred to have his wife the sexual aggressor . (Filtered Words: 1)
Their jams and jellies had not suffered . (Filtered Words: 0)
At a ceremony in the reception room of Mayor [FILTERED] , the Eagles were honored for winning the championship . (Filtered Words: 1)
These can also move a short distance but at right angles to the tappets . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked steadily . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , too much does not happen too suddenly , nor does very little take long . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today a battle cry may seem an anachronism , for in the modern Army , esprit de corps has been sacrificed to organizational charts and tables . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm taking them to the cemetery '' , said Henrietta , out of a vague feeling of hospitality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Papa , I should emphasize , had been an invalid the last several years of his life ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If the argument is accepted as essentially sound up to this point , it remains for us to consider whether the patient's difficulties in orienting himself spatially and in locating objects in space with the sense of touch can be explained by his defective visual condition . (Filtered Words: 0)
In college libraries , 57 per cent of the total number of books are owned by 124 of 1,509 institutions surveyed last year by the U.S. Office of Education . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is something more than the arithmetical sum of individual totals of piety and detachment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly she had been instructed `` not to say a word '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish you wouldn't tell [FILTERED] I'm lukewarm ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
She would have been taking more than a fair risk of being seen and recognized during her travels . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is driven back by his yearning to the wintry homeland of his fathers in the forest of Tiveden '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Her parents , pious Roman Catholics , christened her [FILTERED] Magdalene Steichen . (Filtered Words: 1)
I have never seen Caper off his feet -- he seems to know nothing but ' trot ' and keeps trying a little harder if asked to do so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deadlock on tests (Filtered Words: 0)
And what better way to end a day than by dining with artists and gourmets in a squat but charming fisherman's village on the Mediterranean ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
On December 21 , the day that the Irish House of Commons petitioned for removal of Sir [FILTERED] , their Tory Lord Chancellor , [FILTERED] reportedly made this remark on the defense of Phipps by Convocation : `` They that have turned the world upside down , are come hither also '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
His grandfather is a Buddhist priest ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The cow , unlike a bull or steer , kept her eyes open and her mind on her business when chargin' , and a cow `` on the prod '' or `` on the peck '' was feared by the cowhand more than any of his other charges . (Filtered Words: 0)
But these comments are hardly printable . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Tar Heel-Miracle Byrd ) , 2:30.3-:36.1 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He climbed back to the road , and he felt utterly exhausted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since a gentleman must , if possible , avoid sullying them by work , his hands , as importantly as his accent , become the index of social status . (Filtered Words: 0)
De Groot and Carvalho , 1960 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Based on this phenomenon , a number of investigators have used this method to `` look through '' human organs . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's fun , and it's easy -- so easy that there is time left after cooking , and tent keeping , for the women to get out and enjoy outdoor fun with their families . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beloved Dr. [FILTERED] , our First Presbyterian Church pastor , was in charge . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
If the problem is enlarged to require a complete coverage of feed states , Af operations are needed by the dynamic program and Af by the direct search . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fifth , we have just completed a year's experience with our new space law . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cleveland , Ohio ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In proportion as meanings are concrete , we can better rely on their being insulated and distinctive . (Filtered Words: 0)
The highest waves , 55 feet , occurred at Pololu Valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stooped , picked up his ruined hat , and pursed his lips thoughtfully . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be a mistake to sell those thousands of beginning campers on the idea they're buying the comforts of home . (Filtered Words: 0)
The transaction presumably would have qualified under section 368(a)(1) as a contractual reorganization , followed by a section 332 liquidation , but not under section 368(a)(1) as a statutory merger of consolidation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sun grew hotter as it approached the midday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Patchen has almost never used strict poetic forms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Inevitably this means some compromise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Smiling at his quixotic thoughts , Warren turned back from the opening and lit a cigarette before sitting down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Uniform questions , definitions , and procedures were enforced throughout the whole country . (Filtered Words: 0)
He seemed bent on coupling them with vengeance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soothing it with his hand , knowing the whiskered jowls and the swollen smoothness of teats that wrinkled expectantly to his touch . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No one has come . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eighty thousand won top honors and a chance to try for the team itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked out at the corn field , the great green deep acres of it rolled out like the sea in the field beyond the whitewashed fence bordering the grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
The exhibition touches briefly on his sojourn in the Southwest ( `` Koshare in the Dust '' , a vigorous Indian dance , and landscapes suggest the influence of western color on his palette ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
So [FILTERED] set out to sell him on the spirit of [FILTERED] , just as he himself had been sold a short time before . (Filtered Words: 2)
Tomorrow [FILTERED] opens officially . (Filtered Words: 1)
The plane of the action in the scene is not parallel with the plane of the film in the camera or on the screen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet they keep running from one physician to another , largely to get a willing ear who will listen to their parade of troubles . (Filtered Words: 0)
No amount of ballyhoo will cover up the sordid facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why in the name of his non-God doesn't he vary it a bit '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She remarked that she found the night wind a little chilly , and Mr. [FILTERED] took her inside the fringe . (Filtered Words: 1)
Such was the impromptu that Voltaire gave to howls of laughter at Sans Souci and that was soon circulated in manuscript throughout the literary circles of Europe , to be printed sometime later , but with the name of Timon of Athens , the famous misanthrope , substituted for that of Rousseau . (Filtered Words: 0)
By a combination of music , lighting effects , and narration , famous events that have transpired in these locations are evoked and re-created for large audiences usually to considerable acclaim . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You'll get a job there . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were an old fat couple ( as [FILTERED] described them to herself ) , a thick middle-aged man , and a girl about ten or twelve . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rather , such assignments are made , as they must be , on the basis of certain overall rules and standards , representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem , taking into account for each situation some of the variables ( e.g. , power and station separations ) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
She raised a protesting hand with a startled air . (Filtered Words: 0)
Assistant Prosecutor [FILTERED] , who tried both the Hengesbach and Pohl cases , said he did not know what would be done about two arson charges pending against Pohl . (Filtered Words: 1)
Speak to me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This air of disengagement carried over to his apparent attitude toward his things , and people often mistook it for boredom in him or a surrender to repetitious routine . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But brother I can't take a job right now '' , she said with her eyes on her ice cream , `` I'm going to have a baby , [FILTERED] baby , my own husband's baby '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
( I myself have identified about sixty sites , from the old maps and registers . (Filtered Words: 0)
He mentions the beats only once '' , when he refers to their having revived through mere power and abandonment and the unwillingness to , commit death in life some idea of a decent equivalent between verbal expression and actual experience , , but the entire narrative , is written in the tiresome vocabulary `` of '' that lost `` and '' dying cause , `` and in the '' `` sprung syntax that is supposed to supplant , our mother , tongue . (Filtered Words: 0)
The enormous changes in world politics have , however , thrown it into confusion , so much so that it is safe to say that all international law is now in need of reexamination and clarification in light of the social conditions of the present era . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , get your pa and get that whisky '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The extrapolation may be in error for several reasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not manage the former or expect the latter ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As Mrs. [FILTERED] , was it any wonder that I , once the social arbiter of Filmdom , was excluded from the smart entertainments given by the Astaires , the Coopers , the Gables , the Colmans , the Rathbones , the Taylors , the Thalbergs and such devout , closely knit families as the Barrymores and the Crosbys ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
After two drinks containing alcohol , her arm flew upward very freely . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So you said '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was charged with four counts of assault and battery . (Filtered Words: 1)
Have we not actually developed idea worship ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably , in the immediate future , we will have to settle for middle-range efforts that fall short of utopian models . (Filtered Words: 0)
He expected nothing for himself but that which naturally follows those marked for misfortune . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fine . (Filtered Words: 0)
conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Also set for appearances at the auditorium this season are : `` American Ballet Theatre '' on Jan. 27 , `` Ximenez-Vargas Ballet Espagnol '' on Feb. 2 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If it is love , you don't . (Filtered Words: 0)
The legislators decided to `` liberate '' Dartmouth and entered into a tug-o'-war with the college trustees over the control of classrooms , faculty , and chapel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then (Filtered Words: 0)
The undersecretary's in there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sickness was gone and , after all , the two young couples were on their honeymoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cool air moving slowly through the open or smashed-out side windows hinted of blooming roadside vegetation , and occasionally a faint fragrance of perfume swirled from the back seat . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is , for example , a stunning Krakowiak that closes the first act ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In them , there is usually a group of Anglo-Americans with tragicomic problems , worthy of being explored either in the novel or in the play or in comedy and satire '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the extent that the new Administration has its wishes , the Federal Reserve would conduct its open market operations throughout the entire maturity range of Government securities and aggressively seek to force down long-term interest rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Carleton Service Fund provides the financial support for this program . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It sure as hell doesn't look like it , does it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The next speaker was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
By this scheme , pulling one signal to clear locks all the other switch and signal levers in safe positions until the first signal is again restored to normal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Caution : (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , a [FILTERED] trap version of the Superposed over/under , the Broadway ( from $350 up , depending on grade ) , differs from standard models in that it is equipped with a full beavertail fore end , a cushion recoil pad and a barrel-wide ventilated rib for fast sighting . (Filtered Words: 1)
The big question is whether , in the name of a restored Chinese-Soviet solidarity , the Chinese will choose to persuade the Albanians to present their humble apologies to Khrushchev -- or get rid of Enver Hoxa . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
It was the trial of oleomargarine heir Minot ( [FILTERED] ) Jelke for compulsory prostitution in New York that put the spotlight on the international play-girl . (Filtered Words: 1)
( D ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll be waiting '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Have a reception for new members in the parlor or social hall immediately after the service . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` With my trial coming up in Federal Court next week I wouldn't want that picture published '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Few rural areas are protected by zoning . (Filtered Words: 0)
After he had spent the first three years in New York as associate conductor , at Toscanini's invitation , of the NBC Orchestra , he made numerous guest appearances throughout the United States and Latin America . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carroll was sharp and military , but he was up against tough competition for that RA berth , and he wanted to play it cool . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now that Israel enjoys relative prosperity and a reduction of tensions , the secularists are less disposed to compromise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who had driven hundreds of miles for the burial would not go home , for she might die any time ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For an engine speed of 5000 rpm , a gear ratio of 4.00 to 1 , and a tire radius of 13 inches , the equation would look like this : Af (Filtered Words: 0)
Goodis voiced his objection before City Council's Finance Committee . (Filtered Words: 0)
Filling these bunks by the same self-unloading wagons used to fill silos spreads cost of the wagons over more time and operations . (Filtered Words: 0)
As early as 1913 Ghoreyeb and [FILTERED] demonstrated with perfusion studies in dogs that bronchial artery flow would remain constant at a certain low level when pressure was maintained in the pulmonary artery and vein , but that increases in bronchial artery flow would occur in response to a relative drop in pulmonary artery pressure . (Filtered Words: 1)
Below , people line the steps , as though on bleachers , to watch the sky and river . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was awful angry because he'd thought [FILTERED] was going to do something big , something heroic even , especially for her I know him I know him we felt the same sometimes while [FILTERED] wasn't thinking about that at all , not anything like that . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] had died two weeks before , in early November , without being reconciled to the Church . (Filtered Words: 1)
Obviously , something suddenly caused them to start thinking in terms of fives , and that may have been the workings of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
There were not many chairs , so that some preferred to sit on the edge of the porch , resting their feet on the ground , and others liked to sit where they could lean back against the wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sound of their amazement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had written him enthusiastic praise of Elmer Gantry ( any changes could be made in proof , which was already coming from the printer ) and they had ordered 140,000 copies -- the largest first printing of any book in history . (Filtered Words: 2)
His best time is around 2:33 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jobs would be lost and new faces would become prominent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mark the specimen at the outer edges of the template with pen and indelible ink ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I really didn't know what he meant . (Filtered Words: 0)
The knowledge that most Americans have of folklore comes through contact with commercial propagandists and a few energetic amateurs and collectors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Life , they say , should be regarded as sacred and , therefore , as something that neither an individual nor his society has a right to take away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Members of the Medical Illustration Service lectured and conducted demonstrations on the use of training aids to military personnel and various civilian medical organizations . (Filtered Words: 0)
How , I asked , could chaos be admitted to chaos ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes sprouted wheat is added to bread and causes the children to remark , `` Lillian , did you put nuts in the bread today '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
St. John 12 , 13 . (Filtered Words: 0)
We opened on Friday and closed the following Monday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their hostess enquired . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it may be that one or both men actually welcomed the opportunity , when the bravado comments are cast aside . (Filtered Words: 0)
The need is for reference works of a more specialized nature than individual libraries , adequate to satisfy everyday needs , could afford . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's take it outside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Published literature . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's its name ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The need for lifetime reading is apparent . (Filtered Words: 0)
What has this to do with the present ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Automatically , [FILTERED] started going over today's lesson . (Filtered Words: 1)
Once again [FILTERED] moved among them like a father ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Even so Fosdick , as the new Chairman of the Commission on Training Camp Activities , encountered strong and vociferous opposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
When she succeeds , she usually manages to slip in unobtrusively , to deposit an egg on a completed loaf of beebread before the bumblebees seal the egg compartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only do these foreigners not vote for American congressmen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Wilson asked , `` What about this Kent House which you mention ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Why the teacher should study the individual pupil (Filtered Words: 0)
However , she was able to relax and yield to the moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
This year [FILTERED] , outstanding Handler , judged the Class . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s joust with Weber tunes was a considerably more serious misfortune , for it demands transluscent textures , buoyant rhythms , and astringent wit . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] hit Washington with a TV announcer's grin and a hearty handclasp . (Filtered Words: 1)
Anyway , he doesn't deserve to lie there in the sun and be stared at . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was a wastrel . (Filtered Words: 1)
He'll shoot up the town '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And just as `` Laurie '' Lawrence was first attracted to bright Jo March , who found him immature by her high standards , and then had to content himself with her younger sister Amy , so [FILTERED] , who had also been writing Henrietta before he came to Johns Hopkins , had to content himself with her younger sister , pretty [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , there is a good deal of self-congratulation at attending a good college -- they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues -- and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're about as dumb as they come , Adams . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a spleen-crushing day . (Filtered Words: 0)
This third choice was in fact made . (Filtered Words: 0)
Follow-up visits of the nurse and social worker indicated continued success in the care of the new babies as well as a marked improvement in the family's day-to-day mental health and social functioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kill 'em '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Isaac ( Hoot Mon-Goddess Hanover ) , 2:30.3-:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For this decision a man must take personal responsibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eh '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] took [FILTERED] and me out to dinner at a swell steak house and told us with tears in his eyes how happy he was we had come together again . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED]'s type of man allowed this sort of thing to happen . (Filtered Words: 1)
I drew back . (Filtered Words: 0)
It originated with the Wissahickon Section . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kyoto (Filtered Words: 0)
He returned to his cell in the county jail , where he has been held since his arrest last July , without a word to his court-appointed attorney , [FILTERED] , or his guard . (Filtered Words: 1)
Although the particular form of conceptualization which popular imagination had made in response to the experience of spirit was undoubtedly defective , the raw experience itself which led to such excesses remains with us as vividly as ever . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chief Moore shook his big head , seemed lost in thought as he stared at the nude body . (Filtered Words: 0)
I cried . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went on to explain what he had in mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this sense also , they are surely conformists . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm the oldest of six children . (Filtered Words: 0)
These announcements are , in effect , advertisements for themselves as thriving marriage marts . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You get the rest when I'm safely out of [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It's plenty warm '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I waited until the parking attendant was busy with a customer , then slipped around the back of the car with license number [FILTERED] , attached the electronic bug to the rear bumper and walked out . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was born in Savannah , Georgia , in 1909 . (Filtered Words: 0)
You still have time to drop a few hints about the gifts you'd appreciate most ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter was so upset on learning of the death of [FILTERED] , that he wrote [FILTERED] a letter , showing his own warmhearted generosity . (Filtered Words: 2)
The sentimental pure heart of [FILTERED] is gone with the knightly years , but I still believe in the heart of the [FILTERED] character that was not made of the stuff that breaks '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
It may establish the relation of the figure of the dancer to light and color , in which case changes in the light or color will set off a kaleidescope of visual designs . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Be careful , McLish '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He stayed home , reading and refusing to think about his frightening experience at Ryusenji . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED]' `` Once Upon A Time '' is a problem piece about a man and a woman and the three `` figures '' that bother them somehow . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the same time , you have to face facts and realize that a man who's been in the Marine Corps all his life doesn't understand much about politics . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , Ekstrohm said , `` No , I didn't know that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a British bomb . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , the third principle of the plan must be that it does not depend for effectiveness on engagement by the same types , unless at an assured favorable exchange rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Writing to Speed on August 24 , 1855 , Lincoln made the latter point clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had better stay there , [FILTERED] thought ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] : (Filtered Words: 1)
The formula , with the fractions converted to decimals , becomes Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
About the only time the [FILTERED] seemed excited was when one of his own pet ideas was born . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now , roaring up in great oily clouds of smoke and flames , the fierce heat quickly drove us to the stern where we huddled like suffocating sheep , not knowing what to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
it would needlessly bring badness into the world ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Eddie nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
They finished the small bottle of Steinhager . (Filtered Words: 0)
Calcium , phosphorus and iron are present in worthwhile amounts , and eleven other minerals also have been found in varying trace amounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Haney managed a weak laugh . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on someone . (Filtered Words: 0)
It suddenly seemed very important to me that [FILTERED] should know the truth about me -- that I was not the confused , sick , irresponsible person she believed me to be . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Secretary of State himself , in his first speech , gave some idea of the tremendous march of events inside and outside the United States that has preoccupied the new administration in the past four months . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wanted him to get into trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] shrugged on his sports coat and picked up the car keys . (Filtered Words: 1)
The men of our company had a dozen fights defending your name . (Filtered Words: 0)
This voyage was the first successful crossing of the Atlantic under steam propulsion . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he pulled the fringed sides up and made himself into a cocoon , Mr. [FILTERED] saw that thin , attractive , freckled little face again , and hoped that the boy , too , was lying in a cool , fringed-wrapped quiet . (Filtered Words: 1)
Interesting evidence can be found in the results of the Chamber of Commerce elections , which took place three weeks before national elections . (Filtered Words: 0)
O my genius , young and ripening , you would swear , -- when I wrote them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The firm is design-conscious , sales-conscious , advertising-conscious . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had sold oil stock to [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] in person ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
and to Mrs. [FILTERED] , regional director of The National Conference of Christians and Jews , who asked them to serve as a committee for the fund . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is a penetrating description of our post-war illusion , which applied to other areas than East Europe . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is probably our most original composer ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
People in this position do not offend the master by relating his peccadilloes to the newspapers . (Filtered Words: 0)
As an example of this last facet , there were some lengthy discussions centered around bereavement . (Filtered Words: 0)
To you , for instance , the word innocence , in this connotation , probably retained its Biblical , or should I say technical sense , and therefore I suppose I must make myself quite clear by saying that I lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before I was legally entitled , and in fact by oath required , to hand it over along with what other goods and bads I had . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when you get back from Grandma's , [FILTERED] will be here to play with you . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had almost forgotten them , although they had played such an important part in his early dreams . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bullets began to snap past him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most articulate Republicans are those who , in their desire to get back at Mr. [FILTERED] , already have created the image of a Republican leadership which is reluctant to assist the distressed and the unemployed , and which is even more unwilling to help old people who need medical care . (Filtered Words: 1)
That's what he needs , something warm to his skin , don't he '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This is especially in evidence among the present generation of the suburban middle class . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wasn't far behind him when he entered the parking lot and hurried over to his car . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are many soft and light shoe leathers available . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Unitarian clergy were an exclusive club of cultivated gentlemen -- as the term was then understood in the Back Bay -- and Parker was definitely not a gentleman , either in theology or in manners . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite these facts the question `` : : (Filtered Words: 0)
While [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] collaborated on [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] worked also with [FILTERED] on another film , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 6)
Most of them were elderly men . (Filtered Words: 0)
place design-side up on plaster board . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kept on laughing until she started laughing with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are mostly upper-middle- and lower-middle-class people , with a few in the upper class . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it is easy for the ecumenical enthusiast to lose sight of how basic all this is . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Diane is the type of girl '' , Jelke said , `` who wouldn't get loving -- even on her wedding night -- unless you piled up all your money in the middle of the floor '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Due in 1986 (Filtered Words: 0)
it was a goodness , beauty . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll take you out to dinner . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tiny handful never did make the concert . (Filtered Words: 0)
A modulation frequency of 40 cps with an amplitude as small as possible , commensurate with reasonably good signal-to-noise quality , was used . (Filtered Words: 0)
I sat there with the faint odor of charcoal-broiled steaks tantalizing my nostrils and occasionally catching the aroma of coffee . (Filtered Words: 0)
How are the roads , and how will they stand up ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
General effects of ionizing radiation (Filtered Words: 0)
The first program was sponsored by Abraham & Strauss , Hempstead , New York , under the direction of Special Events director [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
One had to believe in final events or one was stranded in the abyss of nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Product research and development (Filtered Words: 0)
Insulate , weatherstrip , double-glaze to the maximum . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] yelled . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps , as Mr. [FILTERED] says , American agriculture may stop the Communists , but it is also swindling the American taxpayer . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] bought some scrap lumber . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` So that the man should not have thoughts of grandeur , and become lifted up , as if he had no lord , because of the dominion that had been given to him , and the freedom , fall into sin against God his Creator , overstepping his bounds , and take up an attitude of self-conceited arrogance towards God , a law was given him by God , that he might know that he had for lord the lord of all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither is adequate if it stands alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , not Bermuda . (Filtered Words: 0)
The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` Thoughts in Loneliness '' is , as Professor Book indicated , in sharp contrast with the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reservation of index words and electronic switches (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You talk so well , [FILTERED] '' , he went on . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sixty-seven living units are being added to the 165-unit Harbor View Apartments in the Cherry Hill section . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get into your hovel '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I supported Cleveland three times and [FILTERED] twice . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the same reason , the output fiber plate is planoconcave , its exposed flat side permitting contact photography if a permanent record is desired . (Filtered Words: 0)
however , production came to only 5.6 million compared to 6.2 million . (Filtered Words: 0)
BMEWS intelligence is simultaneously flashed to NORAD ( North American Air Defense Command ) in Colorado Springs , Colorado , for interpretation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If you're a good ballplayer , you've got to get mad . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tends to treat himself and other people as if they were objects -- and sometimes he treats objects as if they were people . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think you'll get tired of them there '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
E . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How's Scotty '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I had on only a topcoat , but I wasn't cold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a leader must strengthen NATO politically , and establish that true unity about which it has always talked . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's enough '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every new scandal which would provide more `` copy '' for [FILTERED]'s pen would thus mean more publicity for Welch . (Filtered Words: 1)
Interest rates (Filtered Words: 0)
The Doppler effect , using ultrasonic signals , can be employed to measure the flow of blood without cutting into the blood vessel . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not return my interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stared at him , her eyes wide as she thought about what he had said ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Was she thinking along the same lines [FILTERED] was -- that it was quite possible [FILTERED] might be left with her for good ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
But after all , can anyone imagine a market wherein the reverse of these things were true ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He is generally and initially suspicious of any federal project , unless it happens to benefit his Gulf Coast constituents . (Filtered Words: 0)
but I do not believe that these examples are meant to be used as justification for our own crimes . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is the former [FILTERED] , daughter of [FILTERED] of this city . (Filtered Words: 2)
Alfred looked straight ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
The anti-assignment statute was held not to prevent the American corporation from suing for a refund of taxes paid by the British corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
His blue eyes sought the shimmering sea of haze ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
If love reflects the nature of man , as [FILTERED] Y [FILTERED] believes , if the person in love betrays decisively what he is by his behavior in love , then the writers of the beat generation are creating a new literary genre . (Filtered Words: 2)
This softened the skin so that in the morning when the bandage was removed the corn could be scraped off and a bit of corn plaster put on . (Filtered Words: 0)
We had entertained exaggerated ideas about our victory automatically establishing our system throughout the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm with the Syndicated Press , Feature Service . (Filtered Words: 0)
Harnessing a team to a buckboard , they drove out to a willow-lined creek about a half-mile off , then climbed down and began chopping . (Filtered Words: 0)
Legislation has already been proposed to authorize the sale of these Government-owned systems in Alaska , and its early enactment is desirable . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A difference between subspecies might explain the great range in size . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cambodia is , for all practical purposes , neutralist . (Filtered Words: 0)
There sit men who make moving averages of weekly volume , monthly averages of price-earnings ratios , ratios of the number of advances to the number of declines , ratios of an individual stock's performance to overall market performance , ratios of rising price volume to falling price volume , odd-lot indices , and what not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Across the table , Hamrick saluted him jubilantly with an encircled thumb and forefinger . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Note : So far as State Police cars are concerned , only their replacement is under this division ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The phony producer asked her if she would like to be in one of his shows . (Filtered Words: 0)
To break the monotony it may be necessary to invent tasks that will keep the family busy . (Filtered Words: 0)
I look for TV sales and production to be approximately equal at 5.7 million sets for the year , but I look for some decline in radios from the high rate in 1961 to more nearly the 1959 level of 15.0 - 15.5 million sets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Steele's main business here is to arouse public opinion to the immediate danger of a Stuart Restoration . (Filtered Words: 0)
But each step has been broken down into easy stages , utilizing standard materials and simple tools , well within the capabilities of the handyman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though it is not easy to apply the evidence of the Iliad to any specific era , this marvelous product of the epic tradition had certainly taken definitive shape by 750 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elaine turned and started toward the companionway . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I try to treat Daniel as if he were normal , though of course I realize he is far from that at present . (Filtered Words: 0)
It took a couple of minutes to run through her various businesses and get down to the one he wanted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over the years , he had had buddies in space in whom he thought he could confide . (Filtered Words: 0)
His expenses ran another four or five thousand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Legislators always get restless for a special session ( whether for the companionship or the $22.50 per diem is not certain ) and if they start agitating . (Filtered Words: 0)
Local currency will be advanced or reimbursed to the Government of India for financing agreed projects under paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) of Article 2 , of the Agreement upon the presentation of such documentation as the United States may specify . (Filtered Words: 0)
What do parents need to know about those `` years of the braces '' in order not to waste a child's time and their money ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Bed slats were washed in alum water , legs of beds were placed in cups of kerosene , and all woodwork was treated liberally with corrosive sublimate , applied with a feather . (Filtered Words: 0)
The revolution is well under way , but much more remains to be done (Filtered Words: 0)
the present-day explorations of outer space , answering age-old questions of science and philosophy , in the face of possible wars of extinction . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to continue to divorce advanced students from reality is inexcusable . (Filtered Words: 0)
A significant reduction in the voume of store information is thus realized , especially for a highly inflected language such as Russian . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Are you hit '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They either walked or were driven . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Have you ever operated a transit '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She envied him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Martin felt it was incredible that the situation had come to exist at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
These two recollections form the frame around a series of experiences and sights which , to me at least , symbolize the extremes in the aesthetic as well as ethical conflict between materialism and humanism . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the morning she found rooms directly across from the Excelsior at the equally luxurious Hotel Ambassador . (Filtered Words: 0)
A small library may cherish its independence and established ways , and resist joining in a cooperative movement that sometimes seems radical to older members of the board . (Filtered Words: 0)
The telephone rang . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
If I'd stayed , all that I'd have got was four punctured tires and one busted head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Military electronics to grow (Filtered Words: 0)
for he kept on threatening that he would `` pull the ears '' of those responsible for agricultural production . (Filtered Words: 0)
His rage had built up as he made his way here from the second floor , helped by the quantity of champagne he had consumed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In some units , National Forest ownership is well blocked together . (Filtered Words: 0)
The building was dwarfed by the scene outside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet nodded , swung below and a moment later emerged from the forward hatch where he picked up the anchor . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was as if foreign duty implied and excused license ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition Rep. [FILTERED]'s brother [FILTERED] was on the Korean desk of the State Department in World War 2 . (Filtered Words: 2)
The breakup of the Holy Roman Empire and the downfall of feudalism led , not more than two centuries ago , to the surge of nationalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
then all four gathering on the sofa to face the inquisitor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The symposium provides an opportunity to confront the self with specific statements which were made at particular times by identifiable communicators who were addressing definite audiences -- and throughout several hundred pages everyone is talking about the same key symbol of identification . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many times I tried to reach you , but I never knew how . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time [FILTERED] had his own rifle in his hands , and he threw some answering fire back at the mysterious far-off shot , then spent most of the day searching out the area . (Filtered Words: 1)
The age of the moon was about 2 days . (Filtered Words: 0)
In sum , it can be said that the techniques and standards of present day have their origin at the turn of the century . (Filtered Words: 0)
and two sisters , Miss [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] , both of Gettysburg , Pa. . (Filtered Words: 2)
There was a hell of a noise this time of morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeing me he said with real surprise , `` Well , well , ain't we honored ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In each of these there was to be a strong military post , and a trading depot to supply the smaller trading houses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here there is a specific preventive component which applies in a more generalized sense to any casework situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't work too hard '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These specialists , I learned , have done a great deal of work to improve the size and health of the plants and the resulting flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tasks are briefly indicated by these questions : What are my goals in Gentile-Jewish relations ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The religion supports , re-enforces , reaffirms , and maintains the fundamental values . (Filtered Words: 0)
Held candle (Filtered Words: 0)
The drama in the theater and the concert in the hall both have a fixed time , but the time is fixed by the director and the players , the conductor and the instrumentalists , subject , therefore , to much variation , as record collectors well know . (Filtered Words: 0)
The multiple secants , of course , are exceptional and in each case are transformed into cones of order Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some excellent filmstrips with recordings and motion pictures may be secured from your denominational headquarters to enrich the class session . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here are the brands ( in alphabetical order ) and the new models . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took pride in his hiding . (Filtered Words: 0)
Private business is more effective than government aid , he explained , because individuals are able to work with the people themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fluorescence microscopy (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Get thrown out ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tillie was a fine midwife and could get here quick , he suggested . (Filtered Words: 0)
When paper electrophoresis was to be used for preparation , eight strips of a whole serum sample or a chromatographic fraction concentrated by negative pressure dialysis were run/chamber under the conditions described above . (Filtered Words: 0)
How grateful he was to such men ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has written to me of sexual activity in February 1943 of young born in March 1940 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Just plain old black dirt was also used as a pack to relieve wasp or bee stings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rector had no doubt that [FILTERED] would come back from the village bursting with information , ready to impart it with his customary gusto , liberally embellished with his active imagnation . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was the abrupt end of Blue Throat's dictatorship in Petrie . (Filtered Words: 0)
What did it matter to him that the park at the foot of Ash Road stretched beneath elevated trains that roared from the stucco station into the city's center at half-hour intervals ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She was the John Harvey , one of those Atlantic sea-horses that had sailed to [FILTERED] to bring beans , bombs , and bullets to the U.S. Fifteenth Air Force , to Field Marshal Montgomery's Eighth Army then racing up the calf of the boot of Italy in that early December of 1943 . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You'll get a job there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check on the schools in the area , the quality of teaching , and the provision for transportation to and from them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all the paintings , however , are of cities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remember , man , remember . (Filtered Words: 0)
heavy foil on hand at all times . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have shown that the graph of F contains at least one component whose inverse is the entire interval {0,T} , and whose multiplicity is odd . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whenever he deigned to appear at the studio he was `` hung over '' , uncooperative , rude and insulting . (Filtered Words: 0)
He forgot the order . (Filtered Words: 0)
This can be obtained in 42-inch widths 24 feet long . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than the fans of Pagnol's old films and of their heroic star , the great Raimu , were looking askance at the project . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eventually such incidents became more sporadic , and more sharply demarcated from her day-after-day behavior , and in one particular session , after several minutes of such behavior -- which , as usual , went on without any accompanying words from her -- she asked , eagerly , `` Did you see [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Willings was , presumably , a better than average shot . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this essay , we are , along with most historians , interested in the more general or more inclusive ideas , that are so to speak `` writ large '' in history of literature where they recur continually . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nick asked , apprehensively , staring at the weapon . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Tell your company there are four of us here with guns '' , the elder man told Rickards . (Filtered Words: 0)
Coordination of pest control objectives with timber management activities to reduce losses . (Filtered Words: 0)
it flopped down , sprang back up and gouged my shin . (Filtered Words: 0)
As early as 1776 , [FILTERED] wrote in The Wealth Of Nations : `` We have no acts of Parliament against combining to lower the price of work ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
let them learn to `` swing '' freely , to let go , to become authentically themselves , and then perhaps civilization will be saved . (Filtered Words: 0)
The altercation in the coffee house had done little to dampen his spirits , but he was still a little wary around Rector for they had not yet discussed the incident . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cops didn't suspect a thing , and I thought it was a coincidence . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is , no doubt , inaccurate , but it does convey how isolated she feels among the vast army of the nonobservant . (Filtered Words: 0)
He further proposed grants of an unspecified sum for experimental hospitals . (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of the dreams of the host for oneness in the group , the Af incoming messages for each guest overload his receiving system beyond comprehension if N exceeds about six . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inventories increased $625,561 to $8,313,514 during the year and should decline in coming months . (Filtered Words: 0)
When we come upon the rabbit and make our remark about its suffering being a bad thing , we presumably make it with some feeling ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All `` democratic and anti-Nazi parties '' were to have the right to campaign . (Filtered Words: 0)
To believe otherwise would be unrealistic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although [FILTERED] was the heir in his own family to this tradition , he did not have [FILTERED] inclination to romanticize and sentimentalize the planter society . (Filtered Words: 2)
Was a question that had to be asked long before they saw Paree . (Filtered Words: 0)
He began with masks to make the dancer identify himself with the creature he appeared to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heaven , acting through the [FILTERED] , expressed itself by means of the workings of two basic principles , the [FILTERED] and the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
if it smells of cork , one has grounds for suspicion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Refund claims (Filtered Words: 0)
Between 1935 and 1939 Letch and I made ten films together , each less successful , both artistically and commercially , than the one before it . (Filtered Words: 0)
A line of worry formed , a twitch pulled his mouth over to one side . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was holding [FILTERED]'s gun in his left hand . (Filtered Words: 2)
That Ludie ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that such a list cannot be constructed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
From the volume standpoint , the total market represented by the sign industry is impressive . (Filtered Words: 0)
to this he glued and fitted other pieces of paper and four taut strings , thus creating a sequence of flat surfaces in real and sculptural space to which there clung only the vestige of a picture plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
Holidays (Filtered Words: 0)
Sherman laid great store by place captures . (Filtered Words: 0)
2.1 observations (Filtered Words: 0)
Where there is comparison or contrast , dominant stresses normally operate to center attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] with them , [FILTERED] had gone out to the Coast for a supposedly brief visit ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Orders from the Home Army '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As we look to the $800 billion economy that is predicted for 1970 and the increase of about 40% in consumer expenditures that will be required to reach that goal , management can well be restless about how this tremendous volume and number of new products will be created and marketed '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Almost too smoothly , I found myself thinking , and then told myself that was ridiculous . (Filtered Words: 0)
So Sherman tried a compromise . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is an official preliminary contest of the Miss America Pageant held each September in Atlantic City . (Filtered Words: 0)
For so long as death was not violent , it was natural and to be welcomed , making a funeral a feast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh you're joking . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only woman recipient , Miss [FILTERED] will receive the award with [FILTERED] , creator of chic , beautiful women's fashions ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
`` The old man came from the front of the plane and said he wanted four volunteers to go to Cuba '' , McCauley said , `` and like a nut I raised my hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
The arc is itself a segment of an analytic curve . (Filtered Words: 0)
My husband enters the motel office , signs up for a room , and then solemnly asks the proprieter if he accepts pets . (Filtered Words: 0)
The participants were Professor [FILTERED] , professor of mathematics at King's College , London ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The man was tall , thin , with a narrow face and a too-large nose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cultural values . (Filtered Words: 0)
Up until now , the networks have grudgingly run half-hour tapes at 5 P.M. or sometimes 7 or 10:30 P.M. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Thank you '' , she said , dusting herself off . (Filtered Words: 0)
Together they had probably done more than any other men to help push Laos toward the 20th century -- constructively . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a swift swoop of his big arms , he grabbed [FILTERED] out of the circle surrounding him , and then kissed her soundly before setting her down so she could stand by his side while they jointly chose the rest of their `` outfit '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Hughes company and the Consolidated Industries , Inc. , both of 3646 N. 2d St. , filed for reorganization under the Federal bankruptcy law . (Filtered Words: 0)
Princes and factions clashed in the open street and died on the open scaffold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Delphine presented her cheek for a kiss , and the physician pecked it like a timid rooster . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although it was at the Battle of The Little Horn , about which more words have been written than any other battle in American history , that the 7th Cavalry first made its mark in history , the regiment was ten years old by then . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dance (Filtered Words: 0)
With good reason it appeared that a new day was upon divided Christendom . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where is that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She trudged along slowly , both hands clutching a tired teddy bear . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
He's wrong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The production , designed by [FILTERED] , was completely traditional but traditional in the right way . (Filtered Words: 1)
But where we have both dark and light we have also the inexplicable . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stopped the car and switched off the lights and they sat looking at the water , which , there being no moon out , at first could be distinguished from the sky only by an absence of stars . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He occupied a two-bedroom apartment on the fourth floor , using the second bedroom as his office . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's that you say '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A bee's place is in the hive '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There goes our grub an' ammunition '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
One night on the Naktong River , [FILTERED] called on that fabled esprit de corps . (Filtered Words: 1)
whereas , it is a matter of fact that Smith cannot drive a car . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were damp . (Filtered Words: 0)
East Greenwich was one of the first Rhode Island towns to enter into contract agreement with the Rhode Island Development Council for planning services we could not provide for ourselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a cagey sonofabitch . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I might have starved , but at least I wouldn't be fried to a crisp and soaked with dirt '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I will give Mr. [FILTERED] his due for this dive . (Filtered Words: 1)
Never at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
He proposed throwing together a man in an occupation of high hazard and a woman balanced on a knife-edge between death from tuberculosis and recovery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of answering you , he sticks his head in the door and shouts up the stairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each film consisted of fifty feet , which gives a running time of about one minute on the screen . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' , said [FILTERED] , a little ashamed of his obviousness . (Filtered Words: 1)
They brok & run and Arch holored out to shoot the ornery suns of biches and we all let go at them . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if they really hoped to succeed they needed professionals , men who knew how to use a gun against men , who would match the killers on the other side . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pressure may come from muscles , tendons , or bones anywhere from the neck to the hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Between the unsafe Towne field and the long roundabout back road haul that was necessary to gain access to Wilson flat , arrangements at the state capital were far from satisfactory . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the President of the United States really feels he won himself a `` lousy job '' , then heaven help us all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drying procedures and application of restorative force procedures are varied to conform with end-use handling during home or commercial laundering . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is clear that non-violent resistance is a mode of action in need of justification and limitation in Christian morality , like any other form of resistance . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , in the third chapter of Matthew , verses 13-16 , describing the baptism of Jesus , the 1611 version reads : (Filtered Words: 0)
This viscosity of the material in the drops is , of course , not negligible . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We '' were [FILTERED] of the National Geographic Illustrations Staff , whose three cameras and eight lenses made him look as formidable as any fighting man we met ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Words or phrases that connoisseurs have admired as handsome or ironic or humorous must therefore lose merit and become regarded as mere inevitable time-servers , sometimes accurate and sometimes not . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The thin legs twitched convulsively once , then [FILTERED] felt the little body stiffening in her arms and heard one strangled sound . (Filtered Words: 1)
Alone , rejected on every hand , divorced , and in financial trouble , he leaped from an eleventh-floor window of the Abbey Hotel in 1937 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
He pulled it over , climbed up , and lifted out the big volume , almost losing his balance from the weight of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said the jurors agreed that Pohl's confession was valid . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is particularly the artist ( [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , Leverkuhn ) who suffers from it . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` How's Scotty '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The motifs of impersonal interdependence and insulation of residential communities have polarized ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Participation for the educator in this case , however , would have to be raised to full and complete membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why is that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His son who did not know whether he wanted to be doctor , lawyer , merchant or chief . (Filtered Words: 0)
The developmental process involves the individual's progressively experiencing a sense of dignity and achievement resulting from having completed tasks , having kept commitments , and having created something ( however small or simple -- even a doll dress of one's own design rather than in the design `` it ought to be '' ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As Mrs. [FILTERED] may be in some want before that time '' , [FILTERED] continued , `` I am going to trouble you with a commission which I beg you will execute with the greatest secrecy . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was first tried out on a conventional submarine , the Albacore , in 1954 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In litters of eight mice from similar parents , the number of mice with straight instead of wavy hair is an integer from 0 to 8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally he went into the bedroom and sat down to take off his shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He held the black plastic kazoo lightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The suggestion is naive . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is necessary that Poland should be free , independent in power . (Filtered Words: 0)
These countries must formulate a comprehensive , long-term program covering the objectives of both the private and the public sectors of the economy . (Filtered Words: 0)
This document began : `` No. 1 Newbury Port , may 30th , 1791 (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie crouched and opened the carpet bag . (Filtered Words: 0)
In practical situations there will be restrictions on the admissible operating conditions , and we regard the vectors as belonging to a fixed and bounded set S . (Filtered Words: 0)
This last point is important because if high school pupils are aware that few , if any , graduates who have chosen a certain vocational program have obtained a job as a consequence of the training , the whole idea of relevance disappears . (Filtered Words: 0)
This rate of increase does not signify anything in itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The title refers to the nickname given his wife by the composer , who is also a member of the National Film Board of Canada . (Filtered Words: 0)
The State Ballet of Rhode Island , the first incorporated group , was formed for the purpose of extending knowledge of the art of ballet in the Community , to promote interest in ballet performances , to contribute to the cultural life of the State , and to provide opportunity for gifted dance students who , for one reason or another , are unable to pursue a career and to develop others for the professional state ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He demonstrated by playing an imaginary piano , doing a staccato passage with a broadly exaggerated attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then I put the question as pointedly as I could directly to [FILTERED] : `` In America '' , I said , `` practically no one believes that you subjectively intend to re-enter the Mainland . (Filtered Words: 1)
He grunted a sort of `` yes '' answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did , I mean '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They lived in the same house and it didn't seem to be such a hard thing to do , but the sad realities of Lilly's life and the fact that Meltzer didn't love her never satisfied my wishful thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
The swirling sand made Quint's limp more pronounced . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are three possibilities : ( A ) Af remains tangent to C as it is translated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One looked forward to Mr. [FILTERED]'s ninth book if only because not even a reasonably good novel has yet been written grounded on automobile racing , as dramatic a sport as mankind has devised . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of course , if you want to throw all caution to the winds and rent an Imperial or Cadillac limousine just for you and your bride , you'll have a memorable tour , but it won't be cheap , and it is not recommended unless you own a producing oil well or you've had a winner in the Irish Sweepstakes . (Filtered Words: 0)
you are cutting . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first news stories had it that this blaze was started by a bolt of lightning , as though [FILTERED] could call down fire from heaven like a prophet of the Old Testament . (Filtered Words: 1)
As a group they should be favorable to a concept of gradual Germanic infiltration although the specialist nature of much of their work , e.g. [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , tends to obscure their sympathies . (Filtered Words: 3)
Billy returned with six sticks of dynamite . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took the bottle with undue belligerence , and making sucking noises with his thick lips , drained it completely . (Filtered Words: 0)
And all because of Domokous ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am carving a Pieta from white [FILTERED] marble . (Filtered Words: 1)
So escalation proceeds , ad infinitum or , more accurately , until the contestants begin dropping them on each other instead of on their respective proving grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
The night was so clear that [FILTERED] had no difficulty making out the silhouette . (Filtered Words: 1)
For many years he had provided music and entertainment for functions throughout the Northwest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before the King ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Declarative statements (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not move . (Filtered Words: 0)
All these emotions were screwed up to new heights when , after acceptance and the first rehearsals , there ensued such a buzz of excitement among Parisian music lovers that [FILTERED] had to come running to Rousseau to inform him that the news had reached the superintendent of the King's amusements , and that he was now demanding that the work be offered first at the royal summer palace of Fontainebleau . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thereupon followed a demonstration that tyranny knows no ideological confines . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then he heard them . (Filtered Words: 0)
But grow in grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior , Jesus Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pornsen . (Filtered Words: 0)
You are much too beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
But you haven't changed much , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The latter procedure gave rise to a small active protein peak ( Region 1a ) between Regions 1 and 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is one of the main reasons for National Library Week , April 16-22 , and for its theme : `` For a richer , fuller life , read '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I am a Jew '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was pale and skinny ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt certain for the first time in his teaching experience that the men in the class understood that orgasm , as a criterion , is not nearly so essential for a satisfying female sexual experience as most males might think . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though it was known that the [FILTERED] in the north was now being directed by the young and energetic General [FILTERED] , the commander who would conduct the `` Little Blitz '' on London in 1944 , a major raid on [FILTERED] at this juncture of the war was not to be considered seriously . (Filtered Words: 3)
On the contrary , there are fewer colds and smaller doctor bills . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cubist generation before World War 1 , , and , on a lower level , the surrealists of the period between the wars , both assumed an accepted universe of discourse , in which , to quote [FILTERED] , it was possible to make definite advances , exactly as in the sciences . (Filtered Words: 1)
Below him , as if at the end of some remote tunnel , he heard the humming of a vacuum cleaner . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cave seemed to be opening in Quint's stomach . (Filtered Words: 0)
The laces were broken at the bottom of the eyelets but there was still a bow knot at the top . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abel moved and adjusted his long legs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mankind , as a result , attains previously undreamed of levels of civilization and culture , a golden age which the Overlords , a very evident symbol of science , have helped produce by introducing reason and the scientific method into human activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adrian Quiney wrote to his son [FILTERED] on October 29 and again perhaps the next day , since the bearer of the letter , the bailiff , was expected to reach London on November 1 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mama stooped down to fix the train , but there was no train there ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Keep the belt just tight enough so the pulleys won't slip when pulled by hand ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
However , it determined that neither this factor , nor `` the fact that all concerned in high executive posts in both companies acted honorably and fairly , each in the honest conviction that his actions were in the best interests of his own company and without any design to overreach anyone , including Du Pont's competitors '' , outweighed the Government's claim for relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
After Mr. [FILTERED] drove away , [FILTERED] went on looking out the window . (Filtered Words: 2)
He arose slowly and brushed himself off . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stared at Hoag drunkenly . (Filtered Words: 0)
If one follows the reports of the Congress , one finds that there still seems considerable uncertainty in the minds of the leaders themselves about what exactly to do in this matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must mentally pull the blinds and close the window , so that all that existed was in the books before him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Anniston catcher screamed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] seems , in fact , to acquire for himself a burden of sin , not bequeathed by Adam , but accumulated in the inevitable judgments which life requires of him as between greater and lesser responsibilities . (Filtered Words: 1)
At one time it seemed as if the Soviet Union had done us a favor by providing a striking example of how not to behave towards other peoples and other nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
He might tell her how sorry a spectacle she was making of herself , pretending to be blind to the way Julia Fortune had taken [FILTERED]'s affections from her . (Filtered Words: 1)
The debate led to a decision that Chicago needed neither a big name nor an experienced academic administrator , but rather , as Trustee Chairman [FILTERED] put it , `` a top scholar in his own right '' -- a bright light to lure other top scholars to Chicago . (Filtered Words: 1)
after all , the large ( and probably unreliable ) Reader's Digest literature on the `` most unforgettable character I ever met '' deals with village grocers , country doctors , favorite if illiterate aunts , and so forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , although we have dispelled the fear , we have not necessarily assured ourselves that there are no dangers . (Filtered Words: 0)
This will require about a 40 percent increase over the present level of protection . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In these respects the vases of the early eighth century represent a culmination of earlier lines of progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will determine the amount of money to be spent by the college and will certify this amount to the board of freeholders , which `` shall appropriate in the same manner as other appropriations are made by it the amount so certified and the amount shall be assessed , levied and collected in the same manner as moneys appropriated for other purposes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let me outta here ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I did exactly as instructed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The molecular forces holding the coating to the substrate are obviously greater than the cohesive strength of the coating and failure occurs by shear along a plane starting at the tip of the knife and extending to the coating surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
Newest small-boat playground is the Salton Sea , a once-dry desert sinkhole which is now a salty lake 42 miles long and 235 feet below sea level . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its groin was bloody . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 6 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Let N be a positive integer and let V be the space of all N times continuously differentiable functions F on the real line which satisfy the differential equation Af where Af are some fixed constants . (Filtered Words: 0)
The child's thin legs were plodding . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite the many avenues for the exchange of ideas between faculty and administration , complaints of a lack of communication persist . (Filtered Words: 0)
The process of cosmopolitanism had begun in earnest about 1912 , but the First War and the depression virtually stalled that process in its tracks . (Filtered Words: 0)
He walked past the sheriff into a windowless room with shelves full of big , leather-bound volumes from floor to ceiling all around the walls . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the President had dealt with the matter humbly , in what he conceived as the democratic way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why did these yokels still wear boots , anyway , when most had scarcely sat a horse in years ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For although I had crossed a corner of the hall on my way to the toilet I still could not tell for sure how far to the rear the darkness extended . (Filtered Words: 0)
There came a ghost of noise at the office door and Hague swung to see [FILTERED] in the entrance from the outer room . (Filtered Words: 1)
The first mention of an electric plant in Manchester seems to be one installed in [FILTERED] and [FILTERED]'s gristmill on the West Branch in Factory Point . (Filtered Words: 2)
If the polarities are correct , the platform rotates in such a direction as to reduce the accelerometer output to zero . (Filtered Words: 0)
And even with her limited knowledge of such things , she knew that the car could be repaired there ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the people who speak through my pages are famous ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She is vacationing at the [FILTERED] summer home in Hyannis Port , Mass. , and in his welcoming remarks , the President said he was representing her . (Filtered Words: 1)
He felt her irritability did not concern him , yet he knew he would not care even if it did . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ballet flowered in Italy during the next hundred years , and about 1550 was carried to France when the Italian princess , [FILTERED] , married the King of France . (Filtered Words: 1)
The balance is being budgeted for the coming year . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ingredients of [FILTERED]'s novels and stories are by no means new with him , and most of the problems he takes up have had the attention of authors before him . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Grubb '' , Felix whispered . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Got us an old station wagon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides Francesca , there was Blanche . (Filtered Words: 0)
What are your weaknesses ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 4 (Filtered Words: 0)
The same God who called this world into being when He said : `` Let there be light '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
-- His miracles (Filtered Words: 0)
He gathered one of the biggest collections of [FILTERED] in the world . (Filtered Words: 1)
When it is done between races or nations , it is called making a treaty . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s insight is verified by the mysterious link between [FILTERED] and his arch-opponent , Dr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
Fifty lantern slide teaching sets on the subject of `` Emergency War Surgery ( NATO ) '' were assembled and distributed to the Medical Military Services of foreign Governments associated with NATO and South-East Asia Treaty Organization . (Filtered Words: 0)
These areas are thought to represent the nuclei . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pressure transducer for pvt measurements . (Filtered Words: 0)
The resultant town , platted in 1847 and named for the patron of Father [FILTERED]'s mission , St. Paul , was to become an important center of the fur trade and was to take on a new interest for those Selkirkers who remained at Red River . (Filtered Words: 1)
Without saying so , she was really grateful ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In point of fact , this is a beige box with a bright red door , about one and a half feet square and hung from the wall about six feet from the door to [FILTERED]'s right . (Filtered Words: 1)
Or angular ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The hope was vain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both lived in Georgetown , were unattached , and shared an active social life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The very night after her father's funeral she had thought , though never admitted to a soul : Now I can go . (Filtered Words: 0)
He brushed back his black hair , shoving it under his pastor's cap to keep it from blowing in his eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
There must also be additional and more fundamental discrimination in the use of means of resistance , violent or non-violent . (Filtered Words: 0)
His voice had not commanded her to stop . (Filtered Words: 0)
The straight line would symbolize its uniqueness , the circle its universality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unions stress fringe benefits , but the individual hourly worker prefers cash every time . (Filtered Words: 0)
A volunteer food brigade had been arranged , they told me , which would supply me with the necessities as long as I remained at the bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was blackmail and the clerk knew it . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're staying right here for a while . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they unite with the Church they must find in this fellowship the satisfaction of their basic spiritual needs or they will never mature into effective Christians . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But the sun'll fry it out'n me onct we git to rolling '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These experiments can be considered exploratory only . (Filtered Words: 0)
Holidays (Filtered Words: 0)
They used pink , tan , or cream powder . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one is stupid . (Filtered Words: 0)
She told herself rebelliously , and with pride , I am an American ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked for the source of the noise that had awakened him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Independent art schools granting degrees must , naturally , follow this with academic accreditation by the appropriate regional group . (Filtered Words: 0)
I kept on being thankful . (Filtered Words: 0)
The extreme limitations he sensed in all current abstract art made that seem to him increasingly arid and cold . (Filtered Words: 0)
and they had told their mother about the tumbles . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the matter with it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She might , conceivably , have brought one in in a large-enough suitcase . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] greeted the parents , then studied his notebook . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but I couldn't remember where we had met . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of Mrs. [FILTERED]'s initial concerns as First Lady was the sad state of the furnishings in a building which is supposed to be a national shrine . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` My souls' a-gracious '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Principle (Filtered Words: 0)
By comparing reaction cells sealed from the same manifold temperature dependency corresponding to activation energies ranging from 11 to 18 Af was observed while dependence on the first power of the light intensity seemed to be indicated in most cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , no . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] does not caricature him , as some actors have been inclined to do . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cmdr. [FILTERED] , USN. , and Mrs. [FILTERED] , of [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , will have with them for the Easter holidays the latter's parents , Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , of Drexel Hill . (Filtered Words: 5)
`` Don't give me a lot of talk , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A man with a baby in his arms stood there pleading for his wife who is on the other side with the rest of the family . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's getting plenty of rest '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got her dozens of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Divide the amount being allotted by the result obtained in item 9 above . (Filtered Words: 0)
( the same amount used in item 1 under Method Of Computing Allotments , above . (Filtered Words: 0)
Earth , being at the center of the universe , would have the same shape as the latter ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Wouldn't pay doctors (Filtered Words: 0)
Take precautions now , to be sure you avoid those unpleasant and costly heat breakdowns when the temperature zooms this summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Imagine the honor of it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A few newer homes have Western flush toilets , but even with running water , they are usually Eastern style . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sun's right '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic design of a fiber-coupled , double-stage image intensifier (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the purpose of maintaining international peace and promoting the advancement of all people , the United States of America joined in founding the United Nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
As many as ten digital switches may be named and provided by the DSW statement for consideration by the SETSW and logic macro-instructions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bears added their last run in the sixth on [FILTERED]'s double and outfield flies by Porter and Wert . (Filtered Words: 1)
Isn't that where most of them are already -- right out on the front page of our newspapers ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Why should I ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Honest , kitten , that's all it is -- I don't even like Lucille much '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I also use a small electric hand-blower to dry large washes in the studio . (Filtered Words: 0)
he is prone to semi-catatonic trances induced by the playing of the vioiln ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hansen will be getting a late spring training start , which might very well set him back . (Filtered Words: 0)
) days at least from instant retaliation -- will defy the Party . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
That guiding principle of the Hoover Administration fell to the siege guns of the New Deal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I had studied with [FILTERED] ten years before , during the scholarship year the Manhattan gave me , along with the five-hundred-dollar prize for my paintings of bums on Hudson Street . (Filtered Words: 1)
Bake slowly about one hour at 250-275 F. until lightly brown . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes these servants wrote or dictated for enclosure with the letters of their soldier-masters messages to their relatives and to members of their owners' families . (Filtered Words: 0)
That way they have an infirmary for $400 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They returned to the street , mounted their horses , rode through the rain to the big house on Houston Street . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] delivered the opinion of the Court . (Filtered Words: 1)
( Editorial comment on this letter appears elsewhere on this page ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Starlings and blackbirds are scared off by canon , from City Hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made the mistake of answering in an offhand way , and instantly realized that his skepticism must have showed in his face or voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can have your choice of a seven-shot repeater , the 340TR ( about $40 ) or a single-shot , the 320TR ( $10 less ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would summon him once ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
'' `` Fine '' , Rector said . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a quarter of seven when the crowd washed me up among the other gallants who had established the [FILTERED] steps as the beach-head from which to launch their night of merrymaking . (Filtered Words: 1)
Apart from the categorical imperative they derive from the metaphysics of the orgasm , the only affirmation they are capable of making is that art is their only refuge . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said `` Darn it , that's the automatic signal that shows when the ignition key is on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vastly relieved , Summers nodded and started toward the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet titles are traditionally given only to management men , and income tends to rise with title . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is the scaffolding for , Brassnose '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There were 54,320 copies of fascicles sold and 642 copies distributed free during this period . (Filtered Words: 0)
An enemy might choose an acutely debilitating microorganism , a chronic disease producer or one causing a high rate of lethality . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a man totally ignorant of America were to judge our land and its civilization based on Hollywood alone , what conclusions do you think he might come to ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He sat down on the bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did you find him '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And what leadership a proud [FILTERED] has given so far . (Filtered Words: 1)
He assures me he has people to handle the money raising , and [FILTERED] , my lawyer , says the legal aspects of the wedding of Zenith and Allstates are no problem . (Filtered Words: 1)
Still another group of seeds ( sometimes tiny , dry , seed-bearing fruits ) provide distinctive flavors and odors to foods , although the nutrients they supply are quite negligible . (Filtered Words: 0)
These groups have varied widely from mere families , primitive , totemic groups , and small modern cults and sects , to the memberships of great denominations , and great , widely dispersed world religions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who will say that our country is even now a homogeneous community ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Alice , for goodness sake '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Fred demanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Concern bankrupt (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of my stories were obtained by simply seeking out the person who could give me the facts , and not as a rule by playing clever tricks . (Filtered Words: 0)
He scuttled in shadow along the east wall of the stockade and then followed the south wall until he was at the rear of the two frame buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
End at seven (Filtered Words: 0)
The time is now ripe , indeed overdue , for the vigorous development of its non-military potentialities , for its development as an instrument of Atlantic community . (Filtered Words: 0)
Principles involved in an over-all concept (Filtered Words: 0)
We're nearly there '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The plane was sent back to the United States , for a change , but [FILTERED] kept the crazy gunman , who will prove a suitable recruit to the revolution . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , wife of an engineer and mother of a 23-year-old son , was awarded the top prize at a luncheon in the Beverly Hilton Hotel . (Filtered Words: 1)
Alec expected an indignant denial , but there was no response at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 12 months ended in February , 1960 , the highway earned enough to cover 64 per cent of its interest load -- with the remainder paid out of initial reserves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Serve on buns . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fixed monthly allowances are reimbursements for the same purpose except on a non-itemized basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , she wouldn't do that '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Above him slid the evasive shadow of a storm cloud . (Filtered Words: 0)
For his first five years in prison , they had shared a cell . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is hard to see how the situation could be otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Voter registration began in late November 1959 and continued until early January , 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I'm sure the other one was [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Attorney General [FILTERED] made a series of raids that sent more than 4,000 so-called radicals to the jails , in direct violation of their constitutional rights . (Filtered Words: 1)
The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life , where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform , therefore , to the principle of economic integration . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , the displacement of the cylinder can be converted to cubic centimeters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The battery median grade-equivalent was used in data analysis in this study . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked , uneasy at the gravity of the girl's dilemma . (Filtered Words: 1)
the difference between Mr. [FILTERED] and the Association is a difference between no Christianity and Christianity '' -- despite these supposed conclusive assurances , the modern liberal heaves repeatedly a sigh of relief , of positive thanksgiving , that the Association never quite brought itself officially to expel [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
So hostile did these factions become that , among the Choctaws , civil war broke out . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's there '' , he got out tersely , curbing his rising excitement . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is your name '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Means must be found to enable us to keep in touch as regularly and as efficiently as possible with our colleagues in other departments concerned with foreign policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The intimal surface of the aorta was covered with confluent , yellow-brown , hard , friable plaques along its entire course , and there was a marked narrowing of the orifices of the large major visceral arteries . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not developing an awareness of the new kind of missionary strategy that is called for as young churches emerge in Asia and Africa . (Filtered Words: 0)
class 1 , -- B stations are protected at night to their 0.5-mv./m. 50-percent time skywave contours against cochannel interference . (Filtered Words: 0)
With minor exceptions , this expansion was instituted either by firms based in Rhode Island or out-of-state manufacturers already operating here . (Filtered Words: 0)
The West . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reference to two other concepts -- nationalism and sovereignty -- may help to reveal the contours of the new principle . (Filtered Words: 0)
When offered a morsel it glanced right and left and winced , obviously frightened and expecting a kick , but too hungry not to snatch the tidbit . (Filtered Words: 0)
As long as the unscrupulous Myra chose ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Y'all should have let me take that money out '' , Andrus said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recovering the property was much less important '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That boat in the river , maybe '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When founded by Franklin the [FILTERED] was a weekly family newspaper and under its new name its format remained that of a newspaper but its columns gradually contained more and more fiction , poetry , and literary essays . (Filtered Words: 1)
Soap , neutral chip -- fed. Spec. 566 or Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , during any given year ( A ) if the revenues from the residential service are $7,000,000 , ( B ) if the operating expenses imputed to this class of service come to $5,000,000 , and ( C ) if the net investment in ( or value of ) the plant and equipment deemed devoted to this service amounts to $30,000,000 , the cost analyst will report that residential service , in the aggregate , has yielded a return of $2,000,000 or 6-2/3 per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is much to be said for a college that , while happily attuned to the sophisticated Ivies , still gives its students a chance to get up early in the morning and drive along back roads where a glimpse of small game , deer , or even bear is not uncommon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why don't they tell me themselves if it bothers them '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt curiously sleepy , the world seemed far away ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Applying the techniques developed at Harvard for generating a paradigm from a representative form and its classification , we can add all forms of a word to the dictionary at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was , it seemed , persona non grata in every quarter , but not entirely without a staunch following of noted political thinkers and students of jurisprudence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The suite has been in the same family since the early 1800's . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fears prejudicial aspects (Filtered Words: 0)
Lewis was a man who had made a full-time job of cow stealing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is New York-born and Jewish . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tossed the bag into the pit and watched dry dust spray up around it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lighting one he pitched it into the crevice , and the lioness left off mauling the dogs and departed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is an amazing fact that in some species this will happen while the summer is still in full swing , for instance , in August . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , in the first place , call himself a liberal if he is against laissez-faire and favors an authoritarian central government with womb-to-tomb controls over everybody ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Proof . (Filtered Words: 0)
Expands and contracts (Filtered Words: 0)
The chinning bar (Filtered Words: 0)
In December we began to ship our ultra-high-speed stretch yarn machines . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
All services are given without cost to members . (Filtered Words: 0)
Delphine was a pace-setter in high society . (Filtered Words: 0)
The prospects look great . (Filtered Words: 0)
All chance of fulfilling my destiny is over . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No more today . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] rolled up the revised script he had been studying . (Filtered Words: 1)
A young real estate salesman , [FILTERED] first got seriously interested in the problems posed by Communism when in the Navy Air Force . (Filtered Words: 1)
) A sensual man , but very courteous , some would say slick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather than being deceived , the eye is puzzled ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sometimes signed himself `` a professor of the mysteries of Christ '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
For , in the process of decanting , the bottle is only tilted once instead of several or more times at the table : hence , a minimum of the undesirable mixture of wine and dregs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here was a man with an enormous gift for living as well as thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
These data are not of the precision obtainable by the methods previously mentioned , but the vast number of approximate values available will be useful in many areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
This happy bulletin convulsed Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It made her feel different about Howard . (Filtered Words: 0)
She collapsed against me , as if everything inside her snapped . (Filtered Words: 0)
So all-important are ideas , we are told , that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall into two classes : those who invent new ideas of their own , and those who borrow , beg , or steal from others . (Filtered Words: 0)
The couple will honeymoon in Sequoia National Park , Calif. . (Filtered Words: 0)
His voice shook . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] also has a number of parolees to `` mother '' , watching to see that they do not break their parole and that they also learn to readjust to society . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Father , is that you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
During the latter days of November to the day of [FILTERED]'s execution , it seems that most Rhode Islanders did not concur in `` [FILTERED] '' suggestion . (Filtered Words: 2)
They estimate further that with sufficient experience and when cost-data of compact cars is compiled , the break-even point may be reduced to 7,500 miles of travel per year . (Filtered Words: 0)
He reached out and felt the bath towel hanging on the towel rack over the tub . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the extent , then , that declining U.S. prestige means that other nations will be tempted to place their bets on an ultimate American defeat , and will thus be more vulnerable to Soviet intimidation , there is reason for concern . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several factors contributed to this change . (Filtered Words: 0)
Man , when my 275 pounds and six-four comes along , why it's the same as another badge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Divergent perspectives (Filtered Words: 0)
He had to have fusion power to catch up with the skiff , and he had to have it fast . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is Mijbil , an otter who travelled with Maxwell -- and gave Maxwell's name to a new species -- from the Tigris marshes to his London flat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Catholic priests have frequently appeared on television programs , sometimes discussing the Christian faith on an equal footing with Protestant clergymen . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Mars humans were building pressure domes for the male and female party that would arrive by next ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the official procurer for King Farouk , now in exile . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said that if a way can be found to deal effectively with short-term capital movements between nations , `` there is no reason , in my judgment why the international financial system cannot work satisfactorily for at least the foreseeable future '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Poirot and his counterparts are perfectly respectable people ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not too much time , because I'll be needing some more myself pretty much right away . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They do not have to face battle . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is used as a reference for comparing the ohmic heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element . (Filtered Words: 0)
The recovery will probably be sparked by a rising rate of housing starts next spring in response to more readily available mortgage credit , as well as by an expansion of Government spending , well sustained consumer spending , and some rebuilding of business inventories . (Filtered Words: 0)
1184 copies of the R. I. Directory Of Manufacturers were distributed : 643 in-state and 541 out-of-state . (Filtered Words: 0)
They know it is the chief ingredient in gallstones . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Remember the French railroad baron who was going to take me floating down the Nile '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the warriors suddenly leaped to his feet and began running across the valley to the trees that lined the small creek . (Filtered Words: 0)
For , granting that there are great present-day problems to be solved , these problems make great demands ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten days after the questionnaires were mailed , follow-up airmail postcards were sent urging those companies which had not yet returned their questionnaires to do so at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
And there is only one way for a man to conquer his fears in such a world . (Filtered Words: 0)
How can judges exercise jurisdiction to enforce national rights when Congress has created none ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The only hope which the public has for getting good teachers is to pay teachers on the basis of merit rather than tenure . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shouted . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Sometimes I think you need only one rule for cooking : if you can't put garlic in it , put chocolate in it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps one way to sharpen our sense of the modernity of Utopian communism is to contrast it with the principal earlier types of communistic theory . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
And this brings us inevitably to the 30- or 50-megaton bomb . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Held out of Texas Tech's sweat-suits drill Monday at Lubbock was tackle [FILTERED] , who is undergoing treatment for a leg injury suffered in the Raiders' 38-7 loss to Texas A & M Because of its important game with Arkansas coming up Saturday , [FILTERED] worked out in the rain Monday -- mud or no mud . (Filtered Words: 2)
The creator of the art of the film : [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus the student of literature may sometimes find it helpful to classify a poem or an essay as being in idea or in ideal content or subject matter typical or atypical of its period . (Filtered Words: 0)
gauche rainbow shapes replaced the poignant ovals of gold . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , he believed in the `` dramatic unity and separateness of the period from 1702-14 , lying between the Stuart and Hanoverian eras with a special ethos of its own '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
See you in about an hour '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Local embodiment of the whole (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , it must not be forgotten that in achieving this historical feat , Prokofieff had the vast resources of his people behind him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Part 1 in both volumes is labeled `` Introduction And Tables '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She never could fit into a crowd which had known , which still knew and admired [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It seems reasonable that if general nuclear war is not to be one cataclysmic act of burning each other's citizens to cinders , we must have a manned strategic force of long-endurance aircraft capable of going into China or Russia to find and destroy their strategic forces which continued to threaten us . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Few crank calls '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
This day [FILTERED] had started first . (Filtered Words: 1)
He moved forward to within thirty-five feet of her , being careful , because he knew the female is less predictable than the male . (Filtered Words: 0)
Looking back from the spring of 1629 over the four years of [FILTERED]'s undergraduate days , certain phases of his college career stand out as of permanent consequence to him and hence to us . (Filtered Words: 1)
The planes , light with most of the gas burned out , responded beautifully . (Filtered Words: 0)
I swear it , sir '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] took no chances . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` A miracle , a revelation , it was like a curtain suddenly torn away to reveal something nude '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Northern liberals are the chief supporters of civil rights and of integration . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am recommending additional acquisitions of the improved version of the B-52 ( the B-52H with the new turbofan engine ) and procurement of the B-58 supersonic medium bomber , together with the supporting refueling tankers in each case . (Filtered Words: 0)
We should not become confused or let our public become confused over irrelevant questions of number or even of geography . (Filtered Words: 0)
And as you know , I have no permission to re-enter France once out . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his moments of worst agony , Martin imagined what his friends were saying . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss Upton spoke gratefully of the response of [FILTERED] graduates and Negro friends in helping to raise the Fund , and their continuing efforts to raise money for greatly needed current expenses . (Filtered Words: 1)
The initial availability of index words and electronic switches is determined by a table which is included in the Compiler Systems Tape . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pointed shadow had nearly touched him . (Filtered Words: 0)
They become increasingly willing to accept the price increase that the industry claims the wage bargain would entail . (Filtered Words: 0)
My discussion with reference to the resolution was that we should commend those citizens who serve as judges of election and who properly discharge their duty and polling place proprietors who make available their private premises , and not by innuendo criticize them . (Filtered Words: 0)
the head dropped off ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As a prominent industrialist , you ought to be interested in his nibs' support group . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sixty-five years and you've had it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
as if the coating of sweat , dirt , and ashes were a cosmetic . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s arm went up and Warren raised his own . (Filtered Words: 1)
With these factors included , an upper limit is placed on the allowable loop gain by stability considerations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Orioles once again performed at the plate in powderpuff fashion , gathering only seven blows off the offerings of three Kansas City pitchers . (Filtered Words: 0)
They recommended , also , that `` at a fixed hour , let the entire family be assembled for night prayers , followed by a short reading of the Holy Scriptures '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is a great conception . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is clear evidence that [FILTERED] from childhood had an unusual mind . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Running around in the moonlight almost naked and slugging a man with a rock '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Goethe asks in [FILTERED] whether we know the land where the lemon trees flower , and the light of the Mediterranean glows through [FILTERED] and the Roman Elegies . (Filtered Words: 2)
Some of the classic indicators , as described by [FILTERED]. Pittenger , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] in The First Five Minutes , are these : ambiguity of pronouns : (Filtered Words: 3)
One of the hardest chores a detective has is hanging around on a city street , trying to make himself inconspicuous , keeping an eye on the entrance of an office building and waiting . (Filtered Words: 0)
She found herself wishing an old wish , that she had told Doaty she was running away , that she had left something more behind her than the loving , sorry note and her best garnet pin . (Filtered Words: 0)
He pointed out the switch to me and for a moment I foolishly believed that he would let deed follow words . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trouble is that like many symbols it doesn't seem a very realistic one . (Filtered Words: 0)
On July 20 , the first drawing of numbers occurred in the Senate Office Building before a distinguished group of congressmen and high Army officers . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] felt more wretched than she had ever dreamed Bobbie's death could move her to feeling . (Filtered Words: 1)
The unconquerable Mrs. [FILTERED] was residing at Pocasset , after having been excommunicated by the Boston church and thrown out of the colony . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] snatched a deep breath . (Filtered Words: 1)
At this moment Mando came hurrying up to announce that the problem was solved and all Norton had to do was to sign a sheaf of papers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hormone has also been called thyrotrophin or thyrotrophic hormone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Questions shelters (Filtered Words: 0)
The story of the fatal crash is not fully known . (Filtered Words: 0)
And while every writer must be dealt with as a special case , the interested student will want to ask himself a number of questions about each . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence , when the address Af is computed from Af , the cell Af and all Y-cells in its chain must be inspected to determine whether Af is already in the form list or whether it should be added to the form list and the chain . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] imagines how Estella would look down upon [FILTERED]'s hands , roughened by work in the smithy , and the deliberate contrast between her white hands and his blackened ones is made to symbolize the opposition of values between which [FILTERED] struggles -- idleness and work , artificiality and naturalness , gentility and commonness , coldness and affection -- in fact , between Satis House and the forge . (Filtered Words: 2)
Mr. [FILTERED] delivered the opinion of the Court . (Filtered Words: 1)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
First was a 1958 cut of more than 50% on that portion of the load in excess of 40,000 lb ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Dade's chief probation officer , [FILTERED] , will lead a discussion on `` The Changes in the American Family '' at 7:30 p.m. Sunday at Christ Lutheran Church . (Filtered Words: 1)
The car began to move and [FILTERED] ran after it crying , `` Alfred ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , the ill-fated gypsy , was a true artist , one who demonstrated conclusively the power of art to renew itself and flow into many channels . (Filtered Words: 1)
In this case the proxy sitter will know only the name of the communicator , nothing else . (Filtered Words: 0)
Calling the Democrats the `` party that lives , breathes and thinks for the good of the people '' , Hughes asked , `` a representative Democratic vote in the primary for a springboard toward victory in November '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reverend Jason got one , the Canadians the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the other pilots were worried , they did not show it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then again they would stand in circles making other preparations . (Filtered Words: 0)
This text from Dr. [FILTERED] is sometimes used by enthusiasts to indicate that they have the permission of the scientists to press the case for a wonderful unfoldment of psychic powers in human beings . (Filtered Words: 1)
They , on occasion , posed as addicts and peddlers '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
An RDW will be of the form Af , where xxxx is the starting location of the area and yyyy is its ending location . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had picked up a snorkle and was twirling it on his forefinger . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` To tell you the truth '' , [FILTERED] said , `` [FILTERED] don't talk much '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
We can't think of anyone else who would want to separate serious candidates from other candidates , either . (Filtered Words: 0)
The speaking of the lines seemed excessively slow and stately , possibly in an effort to capture the spirit of 17th century elegance . (Filtered Words: 0)
I calculated first that there are about an octillion atoms in the average human body ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan and his corps were placed on the west side of the Schuylkill River , with instructions to intercept all supplies found going to the city and to keep a close eye on the movements of the enemy . (Filtered Words: 0)
For several months now , [FILTERED] , a big overgrown boy of fifteen with a fuzzy , pimpled face and greenish catlike eyes with a lot of red in them , had been haunted by a dream , a vision , of a Woman . (Filtered Words: 1)
The feeling of individual inferiority , defeat , or humilation growing out of various social situations or individual deficiencies or failures is compensated for by communion in worship or prayer with a friendly , but all-victorious Father-God , as well as by sympathetic fellowship with others who share this faith , and by opportunities in religious acts for giving vent to emotions and energies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe her ravenous eating wasn't grotesque because she was so positive about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sociological jargon , [FILTERED] approximations to English , third-rate but modish fiction , and outrages to common sense have often disfigured Partisan , and in lesser degree , the other magazines on the list . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had vanished ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the piece is written in five movements , rather than the conventional four of most quintets , and this gives the opus a serenade or divertimento flavor . (Filtered Words: 0)
He will be coming here on business in December , when the wedding is to take place in [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But there he was at the train with an Oregon State pennant in his hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a break in continuity just before the fourth variation in the `` Forellen '' movement , and I suspect that this is due to imperfect splicing between sides of the original [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
While no larger than Dutch Springs , this mining supply town had the appearance of being far busier and more prosperous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Back of clay scored or roughened for proper gripping surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of today's developments in thermoforming stem from original work done with signs and displays ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , they said , he did sleep , but so shortly and fitfully that he forgot . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]' student days were at a time when Europe was in a new intellectual ferment following the revolutions in America and in France , Germany and Italy were rising from divisive nationalisms and a strong wave of intellectual awareness was sweeping the Continent . (Filtered Words: 1)
The cutting ( or shearing ) removal process has been previously described . (Filtered Words: 0)
The world is constantly changing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In each of the last , the trial marked the beginning of a new course : in Moscow the liquidation of the Old Bolsheviks and the tightening of [FILTERED]'s dictatorship ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] faced east and started walking down the left side of the road . (Filtered Words: 1)
And that's another reason why it is imperative for us these days to conquer our fears , to develop the poise that promotes peace . (Filtered Words: 0)
You're coming along peacefully , or I'll put a bullet in your leg '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Trans-illuminated signs also show versatility in other directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Listen please '' , I called to the students in French . (Filtered Words: 0)
No girl would go this far to fool a man so she could kill him . (Filtered Words: 0)
There had been no sign of a rifleman and no track or trace to show that anyone had been near . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` From time to time since the present war began there have been reports that one or more of the Axis powers were seriously contemplating use of poisonous gas or noxious gases or other inhumane devices of warfare . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then , some churchmen remarked , there is a more classical church-state problem : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The established pattern of relative calm in the field of race relations has continued in all areas '' , reported this group headed by [FILTERED] of Jacksonville and including two South Floridians , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] of Miami . (Filtered Words: 3)
Young Morris , who , while attending the University of Pennsylvania , also taught and edited a paper , found time to write Henrietta twenty-page letters on everything that engaged his interest , from the acting of [FILTERED] in Philadelphia to his reactions to the comments of `` Sulamith '' on the Jewish reform movement being promulgated by the Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Forty-nine hours after an atomic burst the radiation intensity is only about 1 percent of what it was an hour after the explosion . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the artist would study his work more thoroughly and move certain units in his design , often only slightly , finer pictures would result . (Filtered Words: 0)
He grinned at them wolfishly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Palace was an elaborate establishment , built practically on stilts in front , with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. John 10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
the crupper under his tail seemed to be old stuff . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their rebellion against authoritarian society is not far removed from the violence of revolt characteristic of the juvenile delinquent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The story of the fatal crash is not fully known . (Filtered Words: 0)
Emerson -- Platonist , idealist , doctrinaire -- sounded a high Transcendental note in his `` Boston Hymn '' , delivered in 1863 in the Boston Music Hall amidst thundering applause : `` Pay ransom to the owner and fill the bag to the brim . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked , watching them both now anxiously . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] of Beaverton exhibited the grand champion 4-H market hog , a Chester White . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was watching me intently , a funny little half-smile on her lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cutting , of course , takes place automatically in the creation of a film . (Filtered Words: 0)
Image intensifier based upon the `` multipactor '' principle , ( D ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Mississippi closes its fiscal year on June 30 , while all of its cities close their fiscal years on September 30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of Kitti . (Filtered Words: 0)
he kept his eyes , with their puffed blurred lids , always lowered , though not , apparently , focusing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Benson said , and Ramey wondered how close their thoughts might have been . (Filtered Words: 0)
This has been attributed to helium film flow in the vapor pressure thermometer . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the dogwood in early May , for Miss [FILTERED]'s alfresco party ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
It was given or it was not given . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It consists of two divisions , separated by an island at a small distance from the southern shore . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never well known , but he had done his work competently . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet even in the more extreme of such cases we seldom go very far astray in guessing what his age actually is . (Filtered Words: 0)
I remember being told it would happen so fast people would think it took place overnight . (Filtered Words: 0)
I won't '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
He assures us , early in the Poetics , that all art is `` imitation '' and that all imitation gives pleasure , but he distinguishes between art in general and poetic art on the basis of the means , manner , and the objects of the imitation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tibet has historically served China as a buffer state . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although lacking absolute verisimilitude , they supply the ear and the imagination with all necessary materials for re-creation of the original . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] also claimed at trial the right to inspect the original Federal Bureau of Investigation reports to the Department of Justice . (Filtered Words: 1)
Never forget that a chain is only as strong as its weakest link . (Filtered Words: 0)
In concluding this section , we should like to give an example which illustrates some of the ideas of the primary decomposition theorem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] undertook the work of going from house to house with the thoughtless resignation of an honest and traditional laborer . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was filled with black Nazi uniforms and the dirty brownish ones of their Auxiliaries . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I hate to have these things come up again and again '' , Dr. [FILTERED] commented as he made his suggestion . (Filtered Words: 1)
In seventeen weeks the military front was driven southward more than 100 miles . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You do that '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
He left in a storm for Pocasset , December 4 , 1638 . (Filtered Words: 0)
One sample , which had been exposed to the atmosphere after evacuation at 375-degrees-C , showed the presence of adsorbed water ( about 0.3 wt ) ) as evidenced by a weak resonance line which was very narrow at room temperature and which disappeared , due to broadening , at low temperature . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Pathet Lao forces held two northern provinces and openly took the offensive in three more . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't you be afraid , Violet '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
and that the maximum of the radio emission came about 3-1/2 days after Full Moon , which is again in contrast to the infrared emission , which reaches its maximum at Full Moon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kansas City , Mo. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Anniston boy had begun his slide too late . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this is my own home '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it was , his absence because of his final illness was a blow to the administration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each year these shows have increased in entries . (Filtered Words: 0)
By this time there is little doubt but what election plans were complete . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , in the half-year left before reaching their destination , the men would carry out whatever preparations were needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The moment I walked in , the whole miserable feeling of the day seemed to focus on the woman in the bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us see just how typical Krim is . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion can summate , epitomize , relate , and conserve all the highest ideals and values -- ethical , aesthetic , and religious -- of man formed in his culture . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is smoother than Hardy usually is , but with the smoothness of anonymity . (Filtered Words: 0)
We think differently . (Filtered Words: 0)
Service at these levels of production and utilization will eventually require the construction of about 379,900 miles of new roads and 6,000 miles of new trails , along with the reconstruction to higher standards of about 105,000 miles of roads and 10,500 miles of trails . (Filtered Words: 0)
On November 24th , they had made a raid on [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
locating foreign agents , buyers , distributors , etc. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
To each paired vertex and diagonal point there corresponds a unique forward corner point , i.e. , the corner on C reached first by proceeding along C from the vertex in the direction of increasing T . (Filtered Words: 0)
Monogamy is the vice from which the abjectly fearful middle class continue to suffer , whereas the beatnik has the courage to break out of that prison of respectability . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , could it be ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was to be roast chicken with dressing , giblet gravy , asparagus , new peas with a sprig of mint , creamed onions , and mashed potatoes -- all chosen , prepared , and cooked by [FILTERED] herself . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was pale and skinny ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
By and large , [FILTERED] adaptation of [FILTERED] film , `` The Quiet Man '' , provides the entertainment it set out to , and we have a lively musical show if not a superlative one . (Filtered Words: 2)
The questionnaires were mailed in Seattle , Washington , and sent by regular mail to addresses in the states of Idaho , Montana , Oregon , and Washington . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over a temperature range from 25 to 200 Af and at pressures up to 250 atm , an overload of 300 psi , applied for a period of one day , results in an uncertainty in the pressure of , at most , one millimeter of mercury . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sets him forth as being typical of the group . (Filtered Words: 0)
On January 11 she paced a mile in 2:43.1--:38 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Awkwardly and laboriously , in stiff , unemotional phrases , the soldiers continue to bridge the distance between themselves and those they love ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I got hold his mouth open '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , the Flock's veteran knuckleball specialists , are slated to oppose the American League champions in tomorrow's 8 P.M. contest . (Filtered Words: 2)
I asked one day what he was doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
In it they see a way to isolate Cuba , stop infiltration , maybe finish [FILTERED] , too . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the same time , you have to face facts and realize that a man who's been in the Marine Corps all his life doesn't understand much about politics . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will improve your disposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
They played crack the whip a few minutes without mishap . (Filtered Words: 0)
You told me to bring my camera . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , I begged off . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dust-thick saliva came from his mouth like balled cotton . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the complex of singular lines is of order K and since there is no complex of invariant lines , it follows from the formula Af that the order of the involution is Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
for a dose of radiation is not like a flu virus which causes temporary discomfort and then dies . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Would you mind sending him up here ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Accounts were garbled at the telegraph office when they sent old [FILTERED] down to Parkersburg for the news . (Filtered Words: 1)
We caught the early train to New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the hope was gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now in its third year , the program is designed to provide a laboratory for those youngsters seeking careers in marketing and salesmanship . (Filtered Words: 0)
The equipment won't take up valuable space either . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exponents of Zen often insist that very early Zen doctrine opposed the rampant supernaturalism of China , and proposed instead a more mature , less credulous view of the universe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Good-bye . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , the admitting physician in the VA hospital gets the patient as a new patient . (Filtered Words: 0)
The remaining names were then checked against the Thomas Register list ( see below ) and duplicate names were removed from the AIA lists . (Filtered Words: 0)
The aimless milling about of what had been a well-trained , well-organized crew struck [FILTERED] with horror . (Filtered Words: 1)
Later , the word became almost exclusively applied to a cow thief , startin' from the days of the maverick when cowhands were paid by their employers to `` get out and rustle a few mavericks '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is apparently by symbols that the unconscious speaks to the conscious , and the medium has to translate these into meaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man with so big and so staggeringly developed a torso and such long and powerful arms is expected to stand taller than five feet five . (Filtered Words: 0)
Extension of the ADC program to all children in need living with any relatives , including both parents , as a means of preserving family unity . (Filtered Words: 0)
This tends to create friction and confusion and has not made it easier for Secretary [FILTERED] to restore vigor and initiative among his subordinates . (Filtered Words: 1)
And then 500,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was nearly thirty at the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
( `` I certainly was not at the Dumont last night and my husband couldn't have been . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sir -- I hasten to join in praise of the men in the toll booths on the Garden State Parkway . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did not answer . (Filtered Words: 1)
Washington , March 11 ( UPI ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The left front wheel landed 100 feet away . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was plain as the nose on your face that they're laughing about it , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The pain seems short and the pleasure seems long . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Secretary of the Interior shall submit a report of his findings , together with recommendations for an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) based upon such findings , to the Congress not more than two years after the date of enactment of this Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is possible to locate an angular electrical pickoff , which will indicate the angular deviation between the true heading direction and the platform . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well -- I'll take it down with me as I go '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He set down that `` I gave Mr. [FILTERED] a pynte of muskadell and a roll of bread that last morning I went to have his company to Master Attorney '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The theory behind this is , of course , fundamentalist in character . (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic mapping (Filtered Words: 0)
Guess I've changed , haven't I ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You do not know me '' , she said in good English , `` but my mother was your governess in Philadelphia when you were a child '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The legislature's role in policy determination in this area for years has been confined almost solely to the amount of funds appropriated annually for the purchase and operation of vehicles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , the Pope could die and quickly be made a saint . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man of vaulting ambition , with one eye on the mayorship of Los Angeles , nothing ever escaped him which might possibly lead to personal publicity . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are accused of whisking secrets out of naval strongrooms over which they kept guard . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] would curse . (Filtered Words: 1)
Threat of war . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked also for more supplies to trade at a low price for the Indians' pelts . (Filtered Words: 0)
A valid American driving license is accepted in all countries except Portugal , Spain , Yugoslavia and Eastern Europe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Straighten the arms slowly , this arches the back . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew her mind pretty well , by now , its quick perceptions and sympathies , its painful insistence on truth and directness , its capacity for love almost too deep for a man to reciprocate , even in part . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the crassest kind of materialism and they , the Artists , would have no truck with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] appeared to be dead ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Her presence only made Letch more distant and irritable and , in the hurry of buying [FILTERED] , I had neglected to consider a room for Baby-dear , so there was no place to put her , anyhow . (Filtered Words: 1)
While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i.e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all sections are showing an upswing , however ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew [FILTERED] was one of those men who had to work up a fury once in a while just to prove how dangerous he could be . (Filtered Words: 1)
Motive -- her husband wandering ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The event is the sixth on the annual calendar of the local members of the National Council of Jewish Women . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the gas phase , with Af of Af and Af of Af , quantum yields of the order of Af have been observed at 85-degrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
I ain't a gunslinger '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Af is standard visibility function . (Filtered Words: 0)
A knowledgeable celebrity (Filtered Words: 0)
At a nod from Songau , four lithe and muscular girls darted to Frayne's side and seized him by the arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is one difference between Bird and [FILTERED] which should be pointed out . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I think the maids tipple in the afternoon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` While [FILTERED] was escorting Miss [FILTERED] from the church social last Saturday night , a savage dog attacked them and bit Mr. [FILTERED] on the public square '' . (Filtered Words: 3)
On his bookshelves were some of the latest American novels , including [FILTERED]'s Seize The Day , but he hadn't read them ( they were sent by American publishers ) and wasn't especially interested in what the American writers were up to . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was little chance anyone would enter this shaft during the winter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The way MacArthur said his line -- if you had the recorded transcript of a professional linguist -- would probably have gone like this : Af Primary stresses on emeralds and wish ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The women have a reputation for giving parties that are different and are fun and this year's promises to follow in this fine tradition . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , in the last case , a bitter disappointment but too often meets the confiding nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
his lips and the usually sharp lines of his jaw had become swollen-looking . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pain became thus the symbol for food and elicited salivary secretion ( conditioned reflex ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Notice , Knowlton did not say that he would have obtained a conviction in the trial of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A specimen or garment is washed in a cylindrical reversing wash wheel , dried and subjected to restorative forces where necessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
The company began operation in 1900 with hardware and oil mill supplies . (Filtered Words: 0)
They have five daughters -- Coral Lee , 5 , [FILTERED] , 4 , [FILTERED] , 3 , Karen , 2 , and [FILTERED] , five months . (Filtered Words: 3)
She was almost sick when Bobbie came home with the news that Poor John had won the job . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , all in all , the infield can't be expected to supply the added improvement to propel the Birds from second to first . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not positivism which has isolated metaphysics from reality by distinguishing between description and prescription . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Starting with small stations not members of the National Association of Broadcasters , the firm apparently is seeking to break down the anti-liquor barriers in major-market stations . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was sure , for he had done as he was told , hadn't he ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I certainly hope this will be the impression left in the minds of readers , rather than the comment by Cleveland Amory in his first of the month column . (Filtered Words: 0)
to measure armhole : (Filtered Words: 0)
The future could be worse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carey Singles (Filtered Words: 0)
Then lay a three-inch-wide strip of cloth along the keel line from the transom to the point of the stem . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Communists never gave sufficient provocation at any one time for the United States to want to risk a limited or an all-out war over Laos . (Filtered Words: 0)
The formal position of Americans who identify themselves with one or more of the several identities of the Jewish symbol is already clear ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is in control , and opposition leaders have no further excuse to suspect his offer of a coalition government preliminary to free elections in the spring . (Filtered Words: 1)
To think that we can merely relinquish our economic autonomy without giving up our political or legal autonomy is wishful thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Acceptance of radiopasteurization is likely to be delayed , however , for two reasons : ( 1 ) the storage life of fresh chicken under refrigeration is becoming a minimal problem because of constantly improved sanitation and distributing practices , and ( 2 ) treatment by antibiotics , a measure already approved by the Federal Food and Drug Administration , serves to extend the storage life of chicken at a low cost of about 0.5 cents per pound . (Filtered Words: 0)
They practiced movement behind a smoke screen laid by smoke grenades ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It had been shut again , but the lock was broken ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Less respect for the legal conventions was displayed by [FILTERED]'s right hand man , [FILTERED] , who edified the Inter-American Economic and Social council meeting in [FILTERED] by reading two secret American documents purloined from the United States embassy at Caracas , Venezuela . (Filtered Words: 3)
Decide first what the place is worth to you and your family as a home in comparison with what it would cost to live in town . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can't keep that kind of information quiet in a town of only 4000-plus . (Filtered Words: 0)
On chemical grounds it seems most likely that iodide is first converted to Af and then to Af as the active iodinating species . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was ruled a difficult chance and a hit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] would probably see him at Lodge Meeting the next night . (Filtered Words: 1)
Shadow looked surprised , wailed , and trotted after her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout these years , the statutory authorization was for such sums as were necessary to carry out the provisions of the Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
A clearly recognized exception is a statutory merger or consolidation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A pack of dogs makes less noise '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
On the glass partition between me and the driver were three signs : one asked for help for the blind , another help for orphans , and the third for relief for the war refugees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally we approached the bivouac of the aborigines . (Filtered Words: 0)
A mild electrical shock served as a conditioned stimulus and was followed by feeding . (Filtered Words: 0)
The club runs regular trips to the cabins , but many of the students prefer to take off in small unofficial groups for a weekend of hunting , fishing , climbing , or skiing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Admitting that main streets and the central business district should have priority , the Councilman said it is also essential that small shopping areas `` not be overlooked if our small merchants are to survive '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wore shorts and a loose terry-cloth shirt . (Filtered Words: 0)
These narratives of coarse action and crude language appeared first in local newspapers , as a rule , and later found their way between book covers , though rarely into the planters' libraries beside the morocco-bound volumes of Horace , Mr. [FILTERED] , Mr. [FILTERED] , and Sir [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
The North should thank its stars that such has been the case ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Manchester Journal commented editorially on the surprising amount of local telegraphic business . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , it determined that neither this factor , nor `` the fact that all concerned in high executive posts in both companies acted honorably and fairly , each in the honest conviction that his actions were in the best interests of his own company and without any design to overreach anyone , including Du Pont's competitors '' , outweighed the Government's claim for relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tables were all spinning , the dice rattling , the bar crowded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every First Family seems to have one couple upon whom it relies for true friendship . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was also used for sores . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In addition to the usual tools , I make constant use of cleansing tissue , not only to wipe my brushes , but to mop up certain areas , to soften edges , and to open up lights in dark washes . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would also leave intact the states' traditional authority in the realm of contract law . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the arena of power Jews have at one time or another been somebody's ally ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Active alumnae have built a fine building on the campus where members can come and stay for a few days or longer and where they can have their social gatherings and professional meetings . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was fortunate , and proud . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , I have no permission to enter Germany '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The aim is to collect a very broad range of physical , chemical , morphological , and structural data for crystals on an encyclopedic scale and to seek all possible useful and revealing correlations of properties with internal structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- (Filtered Words: 0)
Then (Filtered Words: 0)
you're tooling around full of gage in your hot rods , gorging yourselves on pizza and playing pinball in the taverns and generally behaving like Ubermenschen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those O'Dwyers had that Irish clannishness that made them stick together in spite of politics and everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
These principles , however , will not be served by violence in any form . (Filtered Words: 0)
) The House , which had passed its smaller appropriation before the President's urgent call for more , was expected to go along with the increased defense budget in short order . (Filtered Words: 0)
What ultimately frustrated every challenger was [FILTERED]'s amazing September surge . (Filtered Words: 1)
This could also be used for any other skin irritation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mama was vulnerable ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You first '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hundreds of miles to the north , the route back to England through the `` Furious Overfall '' was again filling with ice . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first result of Heidenstam's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , [FILTERED] And Wander-Years ( Vallfart och Vandringsar ) , published in 1888 . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the answer to what was that noise ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fellowship by likeness '' and `` mission by friendly contact '' form the iron cage of denominational religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The occupants of Apartment Number 3 were probably away for a few days , and not likely to return on a Friday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was a thoroughly honest and competent administrator . (Filtered Words: 1)
Instead of the observer's eye the image orthicon in the TV camera does the `` looking '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one could dislike them , I thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is true that the therapist can sense , when he hears this stereotype , that there are at this moment many emotional determinants at work in it , a blurred babel of indistinct voices which have yet to become clearly delineated from one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think you had better come home '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
an explosive laugh which always carried everything before it . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1872 there were known to be twenty-two in Norton County , and one had been in the family for 200 years . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
A checklist in the Appendix ( ( page 30 ) tells what is needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
There results a study of literature freed from the tyranny of the contemporary . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] shook his head . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Of course '' , replied [FILTERED] logically , activating her outside scanners . (Filtered Words: 1)
One would need to test this proposition carefully ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapter fourteen (Filtered Words: 0)
Theories of the behavior pattern of population masses were compared to scientific discoveries concerning the motion-pattern of gaseous masses . (Filtered Words: 0)
This has always been [FILTERED]'s attitude . (Filtered Words: 1)
In front of him is a gold phone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] announce the engagement of their daughter , Miss [FILTERED] , to Mr. [FILTERED] , son of Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , of Drexel Hill . (Filtered Words: 4)
Promazine hydrochloride . (Filtered Words: 0)
At [FILTERED]'s direction , the city also intervened in the Hughes bankruptcy case in U. S. District Court in a move preliminary to filing a claim there . (Filtered Words: 1)
These performances were being staged at historical monuments throughout Europe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Harold shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
One might think the problem would be similar . (Filtered Words: 0)
The backbend is of extreme importance to any form of free gymnastics , and , as with all acrobatics , the sooner begun the better the results . (Filtered Words: 0)
To keep 'em scattered somewhat and yet herd 'em was called `` loose herdin' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is endless . (Filtered Words: 0)
Read on , take your pick -- and start dropping those hints . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , high school senior from Verboort , had the championship dollar dinner , and [FILTERED] of Hillsboro also won a blue ribbon . (Filtered Words: 2)
Or , he might remind Fromm that the 41 per cent figure is really astonishingly low : after all , the medieval guild system was dedicated to the proposition that 100 per cent of the workers ought to turn out only the average amount ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I could see she was shocked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Styka grumbled about fate . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the mornings , I was informed , fluorescent tubes , similar to the one above the counter , illuminated the entire hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
He gaped at Madame [FILTERED] and sniffed the Paris perfume which emanated from her . (Filtered Words: 1)
Indeed it is possible to separate electron paramagnetic from nuclear effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cave seemed to be opening in Quint's stomach . (Filtered Words: 0)
Curt twisted to one side , and the tines of the fork bit into the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
He never saw that it was a complement to his infantry and not a substitute for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
School principals and guidance workers made ratings of the various neighborhoods and the research team made independent observations of houses and dwelling areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the two cherished achievements the elderly [FILTERED]'s hitless pitching probably reached the most hearts . (Filtered Words: 1)
Trujillo's dictatorship had been along conservative , right-wing lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
As [FILTERED] began his second round in a twosome with amateur [FILTERED] , his share of the gallery was not conspicuously large for a contender . (Filtered Words: 2)
It overlooks the other fact that it is described as `` Nec minus salutaris quam festivus '' , `` no less salutary than gay '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drew a deep breath . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quiet and energetic , cheerful and calm , she too was a power in the development of the seminary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before he could return to Burma , Field Marshal Slim had to rally the defeated remnants of a discouraged army and unite them with fresh recruits . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was caught driving the day after the sentence was pronounced and given a warning . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where do you get off , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
In the first place , a good many writers who are said to use folklore , do not , unless one counts an occasional superstition or tale . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] hesitated a moment . (Filtered Words: 1)
Shell people used their own vocal cords and diaphragms but sound issued through microphones rather than mouths . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sight of sleek inboards , outboards , and sailboats being wheeled smartly along highways many miles from any water is commonplace . (Filtered Words: 0)
New point added (Filtered Words: 0)
I am only singling out differences in treatment of a theme and the resultant effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the GE plan , a number of individual contributors have positions and compensation higher than those of many managers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It does not take a Gallup poll to find out that most Republicans in Congress feel this understates the situation as Republicans see it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps no church father saw this concurrence of the unique and the universal as clearly , or formulated it as precisely , as Irenaeus . (Filtered Words: 0)
The women have a reputation for giving parties that are different and are fun and this year's promises to follow in this fine tradition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone had hauled him over the side , and he had remained silent while they crossed . (Filtered Words: 0)
got [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] picked up the towel she was hemming for the hospital guild . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was also pleased with the wide distribution because he thought it proved again his argument that Dallas investment men can do just as good a job as the big New York investment bankers claim only they can do . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , rounding out his current stint with the orchestra , is a solid musician , and the Philharmonic plays for him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The intimal surface of the aorta was covered with confluent , yellow-brown , hard , friable plaques along its entire course , and there was a marked narrowing of the orifices of the large major visceral arteries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where is everybody '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And when the singing began , it was the Gouldings who sang the old Irish songs the best . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the trombonist chicken farmer , is also one of the solid anchor points of jazz . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a succession of picture-images passing through his mind : the same ones , different ones , in no apparent sequence , in no logical succession . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , when philosophy attempts to stand above the sciences , to dictate the conditions of empirical research , it becomes formal metaphysics ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Fifty-seven returns could not be used because they were incomplete or received too late to be processed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , we can find reasons for respecting even the bigotry of the populace ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The second test mailing ( to 100 companies ) was made in July , 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , she'd come to see them once , left silver teething rings for all of the trips . (Filtered Words: 0)
By then [FILTERED] could see for himself , and so could the others . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Isn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The couple was married Aug. 2 , 1913 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a host of dark horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
In painting a fresco , the handling of wet mortar compels one always to move from top to bottom and from left to right , not to spoil yesterday's work with today's plastering . (Filtered Words: 0)
There it sits , a small highland , with towns like [FILTERED] near by ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
I was plenty scared . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Old Knife's got the largest war party ever seen on the river '' , he said calmly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The advantages inherent in mine warfare justify as great an importance for this element as is accorded any of the other elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fish hawk , his wings not moving , circled and glided lower . (Filtered Words: 0)
Little is known of the synthetic mechanisms for formation of thyroglobulin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] worked for the brain . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had yet to meet [FILTERED] , for although they had `` collaborated '' on `` Satan's Li'l Lamb '' , [FILTERED] and Harburg had worked from a lead sheet the composer had furnished them . (Filtered Words: 2)
If [FILTERED] could not furnish a strong explanation , the governor insisted that he lower his prices in accord with the scale printed in The Advocate . (Filtered Words: 1)
An examination of some forty catalogs of schools offering courses in interior design , for the most part schools accredited by membership in the National Association of Schools of Art , and a further `` on the spot '' inspection of a number of schools , show their courses adhere pretty closely to the recommendations . (Filtered Words: 0)
man has a second chance . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is even one set that has `` barbecue '' written on it . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both [FILTERED]'s and [FILTERED]'s lives were threatened by the Mexicans following the killing , but the company officers felt that in the end , it would serve to quiet them despite their immediate emotion . (Filtered Words: 2)
And then he saw something that he had not seen before , and panic gripped him again . (Filtered Words: 0)
The closet was faintly fragrant with lavender , and as [FILTERED] shut the door an unhappy memory slipped into her mind , like a lavender ghost : [FILTERED]'s house , on the day he was buried , and the child , pale , silent , baffled , watching the funeral guests with panicky eyes . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` You must have done something , something wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here , Idje , you fella like tabac '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Bomb Berlin ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Research and development (Filtered Words: 0)
but if he did not , he would become mortal , melting into earth , whence his frame had been taken '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I heard Pa cursing all the way downstairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] knew that [FILTERED]'s defenses were made of paper . (Filtered Words: 2)
but as the temperature rose , the numbers of protozoa increased rapidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Schilling test demonstrated normal absorption of vitamin Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the reproductive area it could be readily observed that all felt freer to discuss things than students had previously in `` mixed '' marital status sections . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was shaking with anger , his breath coming in long , painful gasps . (Filtered Words: 0)
What does it mean to be creative , a term we hear with increasing frequency these days ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This time he turned westward , to the middle Atlantic coast of North America . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tsunami are so shallow in comparison with their length that in the open ocean they are hardly detectable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oxford , realizing that the law required the issuance of the writ , took the opposite view , for which the Queen never forgave him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hanoverian agents assisted in promoting circulation , said to have reached 40,000 , and if one may judge by the reaction of Swift and other government writers , the work must have had considerable impact . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was ordained deacon 16 June and priest 22 December 1633 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alec smirked . (Filtered Words: 0)
They walked toward each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
The motorist later was identified as [FILTERED] , 17 , of 2433 McClellan , currently on probation and under court order not to drive . (Filtered Words: 1)
And letters began to come in to this column from irate shareholders . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If asked to choose between a terrible probability and a more terrible possibility , most men will choose the latter '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The highest waves , 55 feet , occurred at Pololu Valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
she died on August sixth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is the consent of the governed a numerical majority ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Them new to the country were referred to as `` pilgrims '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You said a mouthful '' , Eugenia said grimly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He rejects dimensions of 70 feet and more . (Filtered Words: 0)
But let's not talk about it abstractly until we're out of here . (Filtered Words: 0)
A visitor to the beautiful little building inquired , `` Do you belong to this church , Mr. [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Indeed , no richer humor is to be found in the whole of American literature than in the letters of the semi-literate men who wore the blue and the gray . (Filtered Words: 0)
It must be remembered , however , that there are many agents for which there is no solid immunity and a partial or low-grade immunity may be broken by an appropriate dose of agent . (Filtered Words: 0)
One cannot read the records of scientists , officials and travelers who have penetrated to the minds of the most savage races without realizing that each individual met with is a person . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thinking fast , Tilghman never hesitated for one instant . (Filtered Words: 0)
After blotting out most of the saline around the sections , a drop of Af was layered over each of the sections , allowed to react for 30 minutes , and then washed with PBS for 15 - 30 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The chair creaked . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had not heard it ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
It is important to consider and experimentally verify this influence since quantitative nuclear resonance is becoming increasingly used in investigations of structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had a two-hour luncheon together in `` an atmosphere of cordial understanding and relaxation '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
His bust shows an intense , mustached , fine-featured face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Duren , Sheldon on hill (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than once I was confronted by professional gamblers , `` bookies '' , loan `` sharks '' , gangsters , `` thugs '' and `` finger men '' -- people of a class I did not even know existed -- to repay my husband's staggering losses , `` or else '' I shuddered to think that someone so dear to me could even associate with such a sinister milieu . (Filtered Words: 0)
She yanked away from him furiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Districts issue (Filtered Words: 0)
You have heard him tell these young people that during his almost 50 years of service in the Congress he has seen the Kaisers and the Hitlers and the Mussolinis , the [FILTERED] and Stalins and [FILTERED] , come and go and that we are passing on to them the freest Nation that mankind has ever known . (Filtered Words: 2)
Then Kerr , a graduate student from Illinois , moved past him on a straightaway and held off Mills's challenge on the final turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
She met my eyes , suddenly angry . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] appeared in the first New York performance of Mr. [FILTERED]'s `` Roots Of The Blues '' , a work given its premiere three weeks ago at the Boston Arts Festival . (Filtered Words: 3)
You drive on and circle back and pull up beside them parked there . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's been sick lately . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the examples above , the occurrence of a bull's-eye , a straight-haired mouse , or an ace could be called a `` success '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Y'r dam' porridge is no breakfast '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh -- I'm sorry ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Not me , anyway . (Filtered Words: 0)
( cf. Rapoport , 1959 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
The playing takes both sides of the disc . (Filtered Words: 0)
he has lost confidence in his own eyes and in the validity of his own psychological insights . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a mound of bleached human bones and skulls at the base of the big wooden derrick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Refrigeration , automated processing and packaging conspire to defy season and banish spoilage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything from poetry to phonetics , history to histrionics , philosophy to party games has been adapted to the turntable . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a widower , his three children are dead , he has no one left on earth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe because they have had virtually no radioactive exposure and don't have any R's stored up , they could take a lot without harm '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course the factor of head start made all the difference . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its building was first proposed in 1791 , when a group of citizens , mostly Newburyport men , petitioned the General Court for an act of incorporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw the dangers , not the glories of being identified as a mutineer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The Rocking Horse Winner '' is also a story about a boy's love for his mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Then last season the Birds tumbled as low as 11-18 on May 19 before recovering to make a race of it and total 86 victories . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It sure as hell doesn't look like it , does it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was first tried out on a conventional submarine , the Albacore , in 1954 . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's our boy [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Many of these experiences are so important that they will be cherished forever by me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The chevaux de frise , those sharp stakes and barriers around the fort at the Battery , pointed to a conflict between the town and sea power rolling in glassy swells as the tide came in . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one knew exactly . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was indeed a near thing , but somehow the inherent decency of New England ( which we inherit ) did triumph . (Filtered Words: 0)
How long will this take ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I do not drink so much , thank you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The newspaper too is the favorite habitat of the anatomical . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spoke , in a voice as immaculate as his appearance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Benched at Tulsa in 1955 , he told manager [FILTERED] : `` I can't play for you . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , despite the insight of many of his observations , his own conclusions are open to suspicion because of his failure to employ at all times the correct research methods . (Filtered Words: 0)
The litigation was costly and seemingly endless . (Filtered Words: 0)
walks laid ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' , I replied , `` some of my colleagues on the paper regard me as a rank reactionary '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than a beautiful visualization of the illustrious adventures and escapades of the tragi-comic knight-errant and his squire , Sancho Panza , in seventeenth-century Spain , this inevitably abbreviated rendering of the classic satire on chivalry is an affectingly warm and human exposition of character . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is 70 years old . (Filtered Words: 1)
To date , at least , the strategy of the AWOC has been selective ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] put length at maturity at two thirds the ultimate length for some rattlesnakes , and [FILTERED] data on Michigan garter and ribbon snakes ( Thamnophis ) show that the smallest gravid females are more than half as long as the biggest adults . (Filtered Words: 2)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Honey '' , he whispered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Diane was needed as a material witness in the case and New York police searched three continents before they found her in their own back yard -- in a swank hotel , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Dartmouth preserves its youthful brashness even in its educational attitudes , and , although some of its experiments may still be in the testing stage , they make for lively copy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must , in short , cease to be a detective and become a rebel . (Filtered Words: 0)
details on marketing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When this happened , everything stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
They dragged him inside the building . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , there is a more profound consideration to this proposed merger than profit and loss . (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance , the following statement was rated low in compulsivity , `` She's naturally quite neat about things , but it doesn't bother her at all if her room gets messy . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the state she was in , she could actually kill him ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Too often it is thought of at the last moment of new product introduction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes , you have a choice of exposure for sites where the topography or trees of the area will provide afternoon shade , morning sun , or whatever may be most desirable for the use intended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore I can identify each design . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because he couldn't hear them , he was more convinced they were there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither our military , our economic nor our ideological power reached far enough '' to determine the fate of East Europe . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] had persuaded him . (Filtered Words: 1)
specificity of staining (Filtered Words: 0)
He drove sensual patterns off , carefully shaving his long upper lip . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s potential followers were openly sullen and morose , missing muster without excuse , expressing in ominous tones their displeasure at the prisoners being kept in irons , communicating with the three by glance and signal . (Filtered Words: 1)
) 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negro radio is vitally necessary during the process of assimilation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jazz is good not only because it promotes wholeness but because of its decided sexual effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then what was it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A mill stands in a room off the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , in one way Kemble and [FILTERED] have been vindicated . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps the engineers can find out what causes all the congestion and suggest methods to eliminate it . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were two horses in the barn , a sway-backed dun and [FILTERED] buckskin . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is usually conscious of the social pressures at home and outside ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He ate breakfast in a sullen mood , but afterwards , when he walked out onto Virginia Street , he felt braced . (Filtered Words: 0)
They stopped expecting her to die the next minute , but only in the next day or two . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rangy , Albany ( Cal. ) native , a surprise slugging sensation for the Flock last year as well as a defensive whiz , set `` improved fielding '' as his 1961 goal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine slumped forward into a bow like a priest before an idol . (Filtered Words: 0)
He muttered , and took off , obviously feeling like a fool . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cowboy's humorous name for a cow givin' milk was a `` milk pitcher '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When this occurs , I make the change on the sketch or on the final watercolor -- if I have been working on a full sheet in the field . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , when Dartmouth's Winter Carnival -- widely recognized as the greatest , wildest , roaringest college weekend anywhere , any time -- was broadcast over a national television hookup , Prexy [FILTERED] appeared on the screen in rugged winter garb , topped off by a tam-o'-shanter which he confessed had been acquired from a Smith girl . (Filtered Words: 1)
Measure straight up from marked row . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why should I ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Here is an original kedgeree recipe from the Family Club's kitchen : (Filtered Words: 0)
Not the kid neither '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Light showed in the orderly room across the parade ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are a few prognoses of coming events . (Filtered Words: 0)
Research and development (Filtered Words: 0)
One out of every three or four marriages ends in divorce ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The concern they felt for me was such as I shall never forget and for which I will always be grateful . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have an appointment '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Based on this phenomenon , a number of investigators have used this method to `` look through '' human organs . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter that Gizenga is Moscow's man in the Congo . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only rarely is attention given to accurate progress reports and evaluation . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , the proportion of males ( which leave the nest ) increases , and eventually the old colony will die out completely . (Filtered Words: 0)
His signal was for the other dogs to come running , but it was also the signal for Mama and the other maids to watch out . (Filtered Words: 0)
I looked away . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Poor Cousin Elec '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A three-dimensional exhibit depicting `` A Century Of Naval Medicine '' was formally presented to The Director by [FILTERED] , great-grandson of the founder of E. R. Squibb and Sons , for permanent display in the Museum . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rachel was polite , Scotty indifferent . (Filtered Words: 0)
One problem is a matter of shifting dates ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked to elaborate , [FILTERED] , White House press secretary , replied , `` I would say it's got to go thru several more drafts '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Softly . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] threat would become a reality , for he continued to proclaim loudly that the city must rid itself of `` that Frenchman '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is not wholly a reasoning process -- a computer cannot do it all -- and even in an Angel it takes time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even as I said it I realized that an education can be invaluable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is chairman of the committee , which includes Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , 2d , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 15)
the `` sober opinion '' of his letter to Noyes , written when Hardy was eighty years old , is essentially that of his first `` philosophical '' notebook entry , made when he was twenty-five : `` The world does not despise us : it only neglects us '' ( Early Life , p. 63 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
clock without hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
I won't be in town for a couple of days , though , and there's that case I was supposed to handle this afternoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , do forgive me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other constituents in a built detergent assist in this and in the removal of dirty stains and the hydrophilic sticky or dried soils . (Filtered Words: 0)
A second factor which enters into the practical measurement of the instrumentally determined cutting force is the frictional resistance caused by the bottom of the knife against the substrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But tell me , doctor , where do you plan to conduct the hatching '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She took a good look at herself in the mirror before she turned and , walking with very small steps , started toward the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
( cf. Hempel and Oppenheim , 1948 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , we may also mention the several members of the self-consciously `` neoliberal '' movement that developed at the University of Chicago and is heavily indebted philosophically to the creative work of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But the price was the silence of the grave for all criticism or opposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lolotte looked up and stiffened . (Filtered Words: 0)
These my grandmother left in their places ( they are still there , more persistent and longer-lived than the generations of man ) and planted others like them , that flourished without careful tending . (Filtered Words: 0)
For just an instant he thought of appealing to them for help . (Filtered Words: 0)
Confusion became chaos ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
New highs for the year totaled nine and new lows 14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unconsciously , governments or races or institutions may enter into some undertaking without fully realizing why they are doing so . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a phrase as arresting as a magician's gesture , with a piquant turn of harmony giving an effect of strangeness . (Filtered Words: 0)
She repeated `` Eurydice '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Red Bridge Subdivision (Filtered Words: 0)
He was an artisan , a man who studied his trade and developed his craftsmanship the way a goldsmith or a wood carver did . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The ship is huge '' , said [FILTERED] , `` but the number of military men and specialists we are taking limits the linguists to one . (Filtered Words: 1)
And where is `` home '' , that magic place of the heart ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Pattern for inner lid piece E fits inside Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Put the rifle down , [FILTERED] , the girl said . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` This was not merely alleging errors , but was carried out by day-after-day allegations in memos , written charges of serious consequence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone in Salem , saint and sinner alike , is swept up by it . (Filtered Words: 0)
A strong temperance advocate , through the influence of a favorite teacher , [FILTERED] , another [FILTERED] convert , he devoted himself to the anti-slavery cause . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] , after serving [FILTERED] one week , left for England . (Filtered Words: 2)
He was the son of a Scottish father and an American Jewish mother , long widowed , with whom he lived in a comfortable home in Flushing . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the exploitation of the inherent potential of infectious disease agents by scientific research and development , resulting in the production of BW weapons systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ruthlessness at this time can be a very severe shock to the bride , both physically and psychologically . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it was over , eight of his company were still alive and all eight were wounded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Footnotes : (Filtered Words: 0)
The effects of television and other mass media are erasing regional dialects and localisms with a startling force . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chlortetracycline ( Aureomycin ) what it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
What the hell was he up to now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
But our outlook has been , and continues to be , defensive . (Filtered Words: 0)
What the man wanted was four persons to volunteer as hostages , along with the crew . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Workers of the party '' (Filtered Words: 0)
We must meet this situation by promoting a rising volume of exports and world trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three lists of companies were made and used in the study . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the many problems in the taxing of personal property , and of movable tangible property in particular , two are significant : ( 1 ) situs , ( 2 ) fair and equitable assessment of value . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whenever she found time , she went blackberry picking with him , and they would come home together , mouths purple , arms and faces scratched , tired enough to forget grief for another day . (Filtered Words: 0)
What are the historical trends in this country and abroad in the extent to which these goals are effectively realized ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
St. John 3 : 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Umm , uhhu '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not binding upon another Superior Court , which could rule to the contrary . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wailed . (Filtered Words: 0)
His spare time is spent in soaring gliders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Efforts such as the Community Development Program in the Philippines have demonstrated that transitional societies can work toward balanced national development . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course those who have developed more will find them easier . (Filtered Words: 0)
This measurement was obtained by [FILTERED] of the University of California , Berkeley , by observing the breadth of the free induction decay signal . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Picturing the south (Filtered Words: 0)
The name of it is [FILTERED] , and it is surrounded by a wasteland that would impress [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The second productive period , the decade from 1910 to 1920 , can be related to three events : the completion of The Dynasts in 1909 , which left Hardy free of pressure for the first time in forty years ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Palfrey told his wife of his intentions for the first time , and left for New Orleans apprehensively invoking a special blessing of Providence that he might be allowed to see his family again . (Filtered Words: 0)
On his desk was a slowly accumulating treatment and script of The Count Of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
We found in Gonzales v. United States , supra , that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a registrant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Were you in love with that girl '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Sprinkel strongly refuted the current neo-stagnationist thesis that we are facing a future of limited and slow growth , declaring that this pessimism `` is based on very limited and questionable evidence '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's a lie . (Filtered Words: 0)
Commands go only from an officer to the man of nearest lower rank . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's in the opposite direction '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though an host should encamp against me , my heart shall not fear : though war should rise against me , in this will I be confident '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The British ships rolled at anchor , sent out picket boats and waited for orders from London . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where there were none fifteen years ago , several scholars currently are edging their way cautiously towards the acceptance of the `` shore occupied by '' position . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey caught a glimpse of the insurance man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Superior new material for orthodontic work is another result of research . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boating has become a giant whose strides cover the entire nation from sea to shining sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
The answer is a new era . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alexander the Great , who used runners as message carriers , did not have to worry about having every officer in his command hear what he said and having hundreds of them comment at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
Detroit , Mich. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the evening was still not beyond salvaging , not as a show but for him as a person . (Filtered Words: 0)
Swelling traffic . (Filtered Words: 0)
In February 1801 , Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Watching , they waited until the squall thickened and began to move in a long drifting slant across the dry burning land . (Filtered Words: 0)
for to attend the dying was something she had never experienced , and certainly had not imagined when she thought of the duties she would have as [FILTERED] wife . (Filtered Words: 1)
During the excitement following Lindbergh's flight to Paris earlier in 1927 , dare devil aviators overnight became legendary heroes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramillies And The Union With Scotland has fewer high spots than [FILTERED] and much less of its dramatic unity . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was also the fact that by the time he meets Mr. [FILTERED] , the President will have completed conversations with all the other principal Allied leaders . (Filtered Words: 1)
This also pulls the tappet connected to the particular lever and forces any dogs seated in the notches to the side , thus moving one or more locking bars . (Filtered Words: 0)
She added . (Filtered Words: 0)
Imagine that . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nobody likes snakes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
The verdict brought vindication to the dead woman's stepson , [FILTERED] , 54 , who was tried for the same crime in December , 1958 , and released when the jury failed to reach a verdict . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why , he wondered , had [FILTERED] wanted him along on this trip ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
With a sturdy act of will she turned her mind away from herself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't wall in your kitchen before you hang the wall cabinets and set the appliances . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a relief to shift in his mind to technical problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
On unoccupied roadway the bottle shattered into a small amber flash . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Royal Air Force had but a single light anti-aircraft squadron and two balloon units available . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ching , Tien , all of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Look '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meltzer was a boarder with the [FILTERED] family . (Filtered Words: 1)
extend your feet forward and backward until you are in a deep leg split . (Filtered Words: 0)
These factors practically insure that no single financing formula is feasible ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Gradually others will move up to the same level (Filtered Words: 0)
This is drama enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somehow she was attractive . (Filtered Words: 0)
What goes on in the cage will occupy our attention under the rubric of the organization church . (Filtered Words: 0)
These little songs , however , were sweet nothings from the heart , tender memories of his childhood , little melodies that anyone could hum and that would make one want to weep . (Filtered Words: 0)
It'll be a pleasure for you to return this money to Colcord and tell him about it , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the same time the orchestra announced that next season it would be giving twenty-five programs at Carnegie , and that it would be taking these concerts to the suburbs , repeating each of them in five different communities . (Filtered Words: 0)
They have little `` esprit de corps '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mussorgsky paints a telling picture of the common people , those who must suffer the effects of their rulers' struggle for power without understanding the causes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mama tried to talk to them and keep them quiet while she tidied up the sitting room before the First Family returned . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe in returning favors . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the negotiations began , his quarrel with the king of France was temporarily in abeyance , and he had no intention of reviving it so long as there was hope that French money would come to pay the troops who , under [FILTERED] , the papal vicar of Tuscany , were so valuable in the crusade against the [FILTERED] cardinals and their Sicilian allies . (Filtered Words: 2)
Or the victim could chew hard on a piece of paper , meanwhile pressing his fingers tight in his ears . (Filtered Words: 0)
but he defended the doctrine in The Art Of Happiness , and what indeed could be said against the Epicurean virtues , health , frugality , privacy , culture and friendship ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He affected ( most properly ) not to understand my point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hotels , for example , are ready to let down the bars . (Filtered Words: 0)
All moneys received from dispositions under this section shall be paid into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] and her excellent pianist , [FILTERED] , often achieved the highest lyrical ideals of the lieder tradition . (Filtered Words: 2)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
During World War 2 , , doctors in The Netherlands and Scandinavia noted a curious fact : despite the stresses of Nazi occupation , the death rate from coronary artery disease was slowly dropping . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Front ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Use the air hose for this job . (Filtered Words: 0)
The objective function is some measure of the increase in value of the stream by processing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sessions devoted to `` Ethics and Foreign Policy Trends '' , `` Moral Principle and Political Judgment '' , `` Christian Ethics in the Cold War '' and related subjects proved to be much livelier under this procedure than if Catholics were merely talking to themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rev. [FILTERED] , pastor of the Mathewson Street Methodist Church ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
But he knew ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But he did recommend that President [FILTERED] state clearly that if Communist countries shipped any further arms to Cuba that it would not be tolerated . (Filtered Words: 1)
These childhood experiences are sources of the self-certainty that the adolescent needs , for experimenting with many roles , and for the freedom to fail sometimes in the process of exploring and discovering her skills and abilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he astonished Matsuo by pushing and dragging himself until he sat . (Filtered Words: 0)
The royalty applies to both principal and interest , but it never exceeds 5 percent . (Filtered Words: 0)
They , too , have fragments of the go code with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Secretion (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasionally there are examples of pre-vision which cannot be pushed aside without confessing an unscientific attitude . (Filtered Words: 0)
In emergencies the SAC commander , Gen. [FILTERED] , or his deputies and their staff would occupy a balcony that stretches across the length of the room above [FILTERED] and his staff . (Filtered Words: 2)
It is awe-inspiring . (Filtered Words: 0)
The corridor on the eleventh floor was dimly lighted by electric globes at intervals of thirty feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
These biographical analogies are obvious , and far too much time has been spent speculating on their possible implications . (Filtered Words: 0)
A full description of the DIOCS , DTF , and DUF statements is contained in the 7070 Data Processing System Bulletin `` IBM 7070 Input/Output Control System '' , form Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
What elements of our behavior are decisive ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the problem of consumer acceptability remains . (Filtered Words: 0)
While man shares this procreative function with all his predecessors in the evolutionary process , he is the only animal with a true non-instinctive and conscious creative ability . (Filtered Words: 0)
A weekly showcase for contemporary music , from the austere archaism of [FILTERED] to the bleeps and bloops of electronic music , is celebrating its fourth anniversary this month . (Filtered Words: 1)
Drain off the water at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of water at the end of the sum of the times shown in Columns A , C , and E , measured from the time the wash wheel was started . (Filtered Words: 0)
This project was carried out under sponsorship of the Ballistic Missile Division of the Air Research and Development Command , U.S. Air Force , and had as its goal the investigation of the transport by diffusion of the heat energy of chemical binding . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Know this : the ministers will not yield to the demands of Bern '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It should be admitted , too , that there is a good percentage of lapsed or nonchurchgoing Catholics ( one paper writes 50 per cent ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clayton looped the reins in a knot over the veranda post and patted the warm flesh of his neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
Survivors include a son , [FILTERED] , Memphis , Tenn. ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Squaresville , man , and all the palazzos are crummy Palasts '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He says : `` It has swept aside petty nationalisms , age-old rivalries , and worn-out customs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The countrywide success of `` Lazybones '' and `` And The Angels Sing '' could only lead to Hollywood , where , besides [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] collaborated with [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Arthur Schwartz . (Filtered Words: 7)
The rupee equivalent of $63.8 million , but not more than 5 percent of the currencies received under the Agreement will be used for loans to be made by the Export-Import Bank of Washington under Section 104 ( E ) of the Agricultural Trade Development and [FILTERED] , as amended ( hereinafter referred to as the Act ) , and for administrative expenses of the Export-Import Bank of Washington in India incident thereto . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the other hand , the process of obsoleting an old product and introducing the new one is usually mighty expensive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brakes howled and a horn blared furiously , but the man would have been hit if [FILTERED] hadn't called out to him a second before . (Filtered Words: 1)
Using a cheap brush , coat one side of the bottom with the resin and then apply the cloth . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took it without flinching . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wouldn't have missed it for anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the question before these meetings was , here is a man of international reputation and proved earning power ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The primary reason for the abandonment of the `` shore occupied by '' thesis has been the assimilation and accumulation of archaeological evidence , the most striking feature of early English studies in this century . (Filtered Words: 0)
the results were still being processed in 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapter fourteen (Filtered Words: 0)
electricity plays such an important part in community life today that it is difficult to envision a time when current was not available for daily use . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Listen '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , these blocks were set in resin-saturated glass cloth and nailed . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was particularly noticeable in group A and group B sera , in which cases activity in Regions 1 and 2 was usually not detectable without prior concentration and occasionally could not be detected at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , if anything , worse on the old player (Filtered Words: 0)
So , because he had received less than [FILTERED] , it was felt proper that Fred should receive the few hundred dollars that remained . (Filtered Words: 1)
And this handsome booby , staring and sweating , was he her bridegroom ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
she was not usually given to mysterious silences . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cholesterol level in the blood is influenced by the glands of the body . (Filtered Words: 0)
The use of this concept does not specify the origin of the radiation , and only if the planet really radiates as a black body , will the apparent black-body temperature correspond to the physical temperature of the emitting material . (Filtered Words: 0)
This Class can be just as successful in the dog world if it is given a chance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several years ago headlines were made by a small radio transmitter capsule which could be swallowed by the patient and which would then radio internal pressure data to external receivers . (Filtered Words: 0)
A part-time farmer needs unusual skill to get as high production per hen , per cow , or per acre as can be obtained by a competent full-time farmer . (Filtered Words: 0)
I pointed to the splintered , upright stake . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was just me and [FILTERED] getting drunk together like we used to in the old days , and me staring at her across the table crazy to get my hands on her partly because I wanted to wring her neck because she was so ornery but mostly because she was so wonderful to touch . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was all set for what came next . (Filtered Words: 0)
Increases rate of gain and improves feed efficiency . (Filtered Words: 0)
A row of little hangers waited for a child's clothes in the neatly empty closet ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The land lies ready for the coming onslaught . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , do forgive me . (Filtered Words: 0)
About 90 percent of the corn used in the United States is fed to animals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of lead as long as the market price for common lead at New York , New York , as determined by the Secretary , is below 14-1/2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 75 per centum of the difference between 14-1/2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 (Filtered Words: 0)
However , last night the tapes were not run at all during the evening hours and all we got on TV were a few snatches which [FILTERED] and Huntley and Brinkley could squeeze into their programs . (Filtered Words: 1)
The letter writer who suggested saving money by taking kids out of school at 14 should have signed his letter `` simpleton '' instead of `` simplicitude '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Trim-your-own-franks (Filtered Words: 0)
Student Prince Lounge on Atlantic Blvd. plotting a month-long `` festival '' throughout October , with special features . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jaggers' iron control over her ( `` she would remove her hands from any dish she put before him , hesitatingly , as if she dreaded his calling her back ) '' ) rests on his having once got her acquitted of a murder charge by cleverly contriving her sleeves at the trial to conceal her strength and by passing off the lacerations on the backs of her hands as the scratches of brambles rather than of human fingernails . (Filtered Words: 0)
This snake could not harm anything '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He feels very forcibly that the American Kennel Club should take a more active part in encouraging the Junior Division ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He exploded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Harold shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tire must be inflated to its normal hot operating pressure and the car must be loaded to its operating weight when this measurement is made . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] moved over to [FILTERED] side . (Filtered Words: 2)
Roosevelt and others considered him partly responsible for the murder of McKinley . (Filtered Words: 0)
On that date the Musicians Emergency Fund , organized to furnish employment for musicians unable to obtain engagements during the depression and to provide relief for older musicians who lost their fortunes in the stock market crash , observed its 30th anniversary . (Filtered Words: 0)
If this choice is less exciting than New York Democrats may wish , it nevertheless must be made . (Filtered Words: 0)
One upward-mobile teacher may be a hard taskmaster for lower-class pupils because she wants them to develop the attitudes and skills that will enable them to climb , while another upward-mobile teacher may be a very permissive person with lower-class pupils because he knows their disadvantages and deprivations at home , and he hopes to encourage them by friendly treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meaningful policies include : ( A ) kinds of cars the state should own , ( B ) when cars should be traded , ( C ) the need and assignment of vehicles , ( D ) use of cars in lieu of mileage allowances , ( E ) employees taking cars home , and ( F ) need for liability insurance on state automobiles . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who did not write to Gorham , told Giffen that unless he could operate the plantation as usual for a year , he would sue `` amicably '' to protect his interests . (Filtered Words: 1)
The principle of optimality thus brings a vital organization into the search for the optimal policy of a multistage decision process . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rockefeller and [FILTERED] had been renovated ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You didn't have to ram him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The figure in the corner belched loudly , a deep , liquid eruption . (Filtered Words: 0)
he may break with China ( which would be infernally difficult and perhaps disastrous ) , or he may succeed , by all kinds of dangerous concessions , in persuading China to be patient . (Filtered Words: 0)
Get in '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Members are on their way to Saledo , not by stage coach , but in air-conditioned cars . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a learned man and a very gentle soul . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am working for the Cardinal of San Dionigi . (Filtered Words: 0)
An excellent example of a successful location of a new vocational high school is the Dunbar Vocational High School in Chicago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Johnnie rose on one elbow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Milk appears twice a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the therapist came to feel on sufficiently sure ground with him to ask him , `` What is that , [FILTERED] -- hello or farewell '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
But we abide by their insight . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You wouldn't want me to say yes without making sure his intentions are honorable , would you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The things that happened in police station basements were dirty , grubby , and most often anonymous . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You know '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sun warmed her , as it seemed to be warming everything , perhaps even the underside of stones or the chill insides of churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] , Professor of Assyrian at the University of Pennsylvania , dreamed that a Babylonian priest , associated with the king [FILTERED] , ( 1300 B.C. ) escorted him to the treasure chamber of the temple of [FILTERED] , gave him six novel points of information about a certain broken relic , and corrected an error in its identification . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` We '' were [FILTERED] of the National Geographic Illustrations Staff , whose three cameras and eight lenses made him look as formidable as any fighting man we met ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The CTCA distributed a khaki-bound songbook that provided the impetus for spirited renditions of the selections found therein , plus a number of others whose lyrics were more earthy -- from `` Johnny Get Your Gun '' to `` Keep The Home Fires Burning '' to `` Mademoiselle From Armentieres '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a detailed letter published in the Scientific American in 1912 , he remarked that `` loose statements '' about the case showed scant understanding of the facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
And for a man who traveled around without any change of clothing , a few more stains on his dark suit may very well have gone unnoticed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gallium content , however , has been enhanced five-fold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] was uncertain as to the language used by the ancient priest in his dream . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
The real reason for his rejection , they argued , is the fact that Georgia law automatically cuts off funds for any desegregated school . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapter 6 , more methods (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has scribbled a farce called `` Hark , Hark , The Lark '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] and the boys would come by , say `` How's [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
If the coating becomes still thicker , a peeling type failure finally can occur . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , 20 , of 19 Fletcher Ave. , [FILTERED] , was admitted to [FILTERED] shortly before 11:30 a.m. yesterday after a hunting accident in which a shotgun he was carrying discharged against his heel . (Filtered Words: 3)
They say all personnel have spiritual needs which Guideposts helps to meet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] was held on $20,000 bond in Phoenix . (Filtered Words: 1)
For further information , contact Small Business Administration Regional Offices in Atlanta , Ga. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( Metal data will not be included in the second edition , since these have been collected independently by [FILTERED] , National Research Council , Ottawa , and published as A handbook of lattice spacings and structures of metals and alloys by Pergamon Press . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet certain aids were valuable and quite credibly necessary for reciting long stretches of verse without a pause . (Filtered Words: 0)
A summary of meteorite data , prepared by Whipple ( 1958 ) on the basis of photographic , visual , and radar evidence , is given in Table 5-1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
individually they are nearly as mortal as you -- the difference does not seem very marked to us , where it exists . (Filtered Words: 0)
The publication last July of the party's Draft Program -- that blueprint for the `` transition to communism '' -- had led the uninitiated to suppose that this Twenty-second Congress would be a sort of apotheosis of the Khrushchev regime , a solemn consecration of ideas which had , in fact , been current over the last three or four years ( i.e. , since the defeat of the `` anti-party group '' ) in all theoretical party journals . (Filtered Words: 0)
They charged into the enemy like wild men . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But that was war '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has scribbled a farce called `` Hark , Hark , The Lark '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
On my way to the elevator , I ran into [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The husband points the steps out with his flashlight : `` Its white stare filling her pale eyes To the blind brim with appetite , Bleaching her hands that grazed my thighs And sent us from the table in surprise To let the dishes soak all night , '' ( [FILTERED] asked herself if [FILTERED] was blushing at this line , or was it the fire ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
She found this a marvel because , as she said , only six per cent of English people are churchgoers . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , despite his happiness , wept a little at the strange fate of B'dikkat . (Filtered Words: 1)
Obviously , the bridal pair has many adjustments to make to their new situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The factors governing need and assignment of cars are flexible according to circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
From my wife's experience and other sources , this seems to be rarely encountered in educated circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a business man I have to use the telephone constantly , from three to four hours a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Picture ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Rosburg had started early in the day , and by the time Palmer and Player were on the course -- separated , as they were destined to be for the rest of the weekend , by about half an hour -- they could see on the numerous scoreboards spotted around the course that Rosburg , who ended with a 73 , was not having a good day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of all the records in peril , one stands apart , dramatic in its making , dramatic in its endurance , and now , doubly dramatic in its jeopardy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its pretense to operate in the public interest is little more than a sham . (Filtered Words: 0)
To both the amateur and the commercial progandist the analyst lacks a soul , lacks appreciation with his endless probings and classifications . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan himself had sciatica again . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following items may be specified in actual or symbolic form in the operands of those instructions which refer to the particular items : channel , unit , combined channel and unit , combined arm and file , unit record synchronizers , inquiry synchronizers , and alteration switches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Help him ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore it's a genuine pleasure to tell you about an entirely happy bodybuilder who has never had to train in secret has never heard one unkind word from his parents and never has been taunted by his schoolmates ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is little doubt that in many marriages the wife is boss of the marital bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are many , many things to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the women learn to keep house as maids ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
You stay with the ladies . (Filtered Words: 0)
He , [FILTERED] , had been scared for a while , but that had come mostly from the fact that he felt responsible . (Filtered Words: 1)
He clattered down the stairs and out of the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was bewildered . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the poet , writes in his introduction to this brief animal fable that Mr. [FILTERED] ought to win a Nobel Prize for the Catfish Bend series . (Filtered Words: 2)
He also disliked [FILTERED] , for no good reason other than the fact that the Demon's talent was so marked as to put him well beyond the [FILTERED]'s say-so or his supervision . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Deep Peep Show '' (Filtered Words: 0)
His appearance as [FILTERED] evokes not amusement but horror in the audience ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
If the bottom name in each column did not have a responsible executive identified , the next name above which identified such a responsible executive was substituted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally Hernandez said , `` I could offer you advice , Tomas , but you wouldn't heed it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He remembers the desperate , panting breath ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s conception of this novel was sound and perhaps even noble . (Filtered Words: 1)
There were several men of ninety or more whom I knew first or last , all of whom were still productive and most of whom knew one another as if they had naturally come together at the apex of their lives . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new spirit , so well illustrated by Mr. [FILTERED]'s work , is wholly free of this anxiety . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet somehow , when officers were prodded into visiting Taliesin to execute the warrants , they would find neither [FILTERED] nor [FILTERED] at home . (Filtered Words: 2)
Operations in the new plant should be producing efficiently early in 1962 . (Filtered Words: 0)
indeed , my scholastic qualifications were such that he , a college graduate himself , must envy me them . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose we might classify [FILTERED] as an old liberal . (Filtered Words: 1)
One woman -- she could have been either English or American -- went up to him and said , ' But you are the foreigners ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
diocs -- define input/output control system (Filtered Words: 0)
My husband's hours away from home for the past years have been from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. the early part of the week , and as late as 8 or 9 on week-ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there has always been an outdoor air to Dartmouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I first came across [FILTERED] pronouncement , `` the remedy for the ills of life is palliative rather than radical '' , it seemed to me to sum up the profoundest of political and social truths . (Filtered Words: 1)
Local libraries find , too , that the new plan saves tax dollars because books can be bought through the system , and since the system buys in bulk it is able to obtain larger discounts than would be available to an individual library . (Filtered Words: 0)
they had been severed at the wrists . (Filtered Words: 0)
But quite conceivably an altogether different impression will obtain when the work is offered in the theatre and there can be other effects to relieve the burden on the author's words . (Filtered Words: 0)
The answer to this diathesis is to pick up a telephone and arrange to rent one . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Little Rock is , without any flattery , one of the dullest towns in the United States and I would not have remained two hours in the place , if I had not met with some good friends who made me forget its dreariness '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No significant difference was found in achievement between high and low compulsive children within the unstructured school . (Filtered Words: 0)
his fists clutched so tightly that his knuckles hurt . (Filtered Words: 0)
She swung around . (Filtered Words: 0)
But theirs defied the detectors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then we pull out under our mortar and artillery cover , but nobody pulls out until I say so . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I goddamn well understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
These cut-down plants will bud and blossom in record time and will behave just as they did in early spring . (Filtered Words: 0)
When dealing with the actual relation of philosophy to the sociology of knowledge , or better the role of philosophy in assisting research on the social sources of ideas , one has to become necessarily selective . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a parallel to this tendency in the assignment of time in long-known hymn tunes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` California '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Each questionnaire was audited for obvious mistakes and for comments , and was identified by a serial number , by the source list from which the company name was selected , and by the geographical location of the company as determined by the postmark on the return envelope . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's face it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Of this I am proud . (Filtered Words: 0)
And what has dancing to do with all this ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's right '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The suspended solids discharged in the effluent were found to be the major source of the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Associations sponsor many traditional campus events and provide students with opportunities to form new friendships , to broaden their interests , and to engage in worthwhile service projects . (Filtered Words: 0)
The preparatory class is an introductory face-to-face group in which new members become acquainted with one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
Barney finished the cigarette he had been smoking . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , in this case the district manager was led to see the errors of his ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] answered in writing . (Filtered Words: 1)
The British general moved his forces north from Philadelphia to [FILTERED] , near the right wing of the patriot encampment . (Filtered Words: 1)
Quite naturally , they make the investigation , first , by prohibiting the patient from making any movements at all and then , later , by repeating it and allowing the patient to move in any way he wanted to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's face it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In reply , Deputy Police Commissioner [FILTERED] said that the city spends more than $115,000 annually to license and regulate dogs but collects only $43,000 in fees . (Filtered Words: 1)
There's a reason for this length of stay . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hospitals contain patients trampled by elephants or run over by sports cars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since Parts 1 , and 2 , were prepared independently , the abbreviation schemes and the chemical symbols used differ in the two parts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The City of Miami recently yielded a prior claim of $8.5 million on the Graves Tract to clear the way for the project . (Filtered Words: 0)
Schley County Rep. [FILTERED] will offer a resolution Monday in the House to rescind the body's action of Friday in voting itself a $10 per day increase in expense allowances . (Filtered Words: 1)
He also reminded himself that he had an unusual number of possibilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
neuropathology of nuclear and cosmic radiation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There'd been a pretty bad incident back at the Marine base . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Attorney General responded by letter dated July 19 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Pittsburgh definitely is the team to beat '' , [FILTERED] said here the other day . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Get in '' , [FILTERED] said brusquely . (Filtered Words: 1)
( `` One of the reasons they get along fine '' , says a sportswriter who is friendly with the two men , `` is that both realize [FILTERED] is head-and-shoulders above [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , George ( Papa ) Gill , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] at the Mouse Trap . (Filtered Words: 6)
Concrete blocks are passed between the beams and put on the boards . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw the most action , beat up more badmen with his bare fists , broke up the most gangs and sent more murderers to the gallows than any other U.S. marshal who lived before or after him . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have [FILTERED] to thank for this healthy change of diet as well as the lively performances of the Stadium Symphony . (Filtered Words: 1)
The boy came around behind me , dragging the stake . (Filtered Words: 0)
As I have said , words from Tennyson remain ever in my memory : `` That mind and soul , according well , May make one music as before '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actual practice does not often work out this way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Goethe believed that the Germanic spirit , with its grave strength but flagrant streaks of brutality and intolerance , should be tempered with the old sensuous wisdom and humanism of the Hellenic . (Filtered Words: 0)
An unusual , if not extraordinary , rendering of the classic myth that involves the rescue of Prometheus from the rock by the U.S. Cavalry was given last week in the warehouse of the Albany Leather Conduit Company amid cheers of `` Hubba hubba '' and `` [FILTERED] pip pip '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
There is little enthusiasm for spending money to develop more powerful engines because of the erroneous belief that the aircraft has been made obsolete by the missile . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was at least in part attracted to the period by an almost unconscious desire to take up the story where Macaulay's History Of England had broken off . (Filtered Words: 1)
Said this note . (Filtered Words: 0)
Acoustical interferometer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The car drew up alongside him and stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could stop Cuban re-export of guns and propaganda materials to South America . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey heard the words again inside , weakened , the way moving water sounds through a grove of trees , until he was not sure whether it was sound or light-headedness pressing in his ears . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many patent contests were waged over automobile components and accessories , among them tires , detachable rims , ball bearings , license brackets , and electric horns . (Filtered Words: 0)
And with that he walked off to give instruction to a rookie pitcher . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You mean anyone who stood up for his rights '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
I must add at once that these animals are what we call `` queens '' , young females that have mated in the previous summer or autumn . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Talk to [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
His easy good looks made him a favorite with the ladies . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He found out about you and Arbuckle talking . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jokes and arguments grow louder until the police return ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
a carriage raising up the choking June dust , and beyond , in a meadow , a local militia company drilling with muskets , [FILTERED]' rifles , every kind of horse pistol , old sword , or cutlass . (Filtered Words: 1)
They play : `` Minor Swing '' , `` Honeysuckle Rose '' , `` Beyond The Sea '' , `` Bricktop '' , `` Heavy Artillery '' , `` Djangology '' , `` After You've Gone '' , `` Where Are You , My Love '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing bald , open ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED]'s conscientious , selfless efforts deserve the nation's gratitude . (Filtered Words: 1)
This happy bulletin convulsed Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
For English the reduction in size is less striking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Test 1 , (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get the hell out of here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , the henpecked husband with his shrewish wife is a comic figure of long standing , in literature and on the stage , as Dr. [FILTERED] points out . (Filtered Words: 1)
She went on : (Filtered Words: 0)
But I would never have thought of it myself '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The novel , which is not merely dystopian but also brilliantly satiric , describes a future America where one-sixteenth of the population , the men who run advertising agencies and big corporations , control the rest of the people , the submerged fifteen-sixteenths who are the workers and consumers , with the government being no more than `` a clearing house for pressures '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Agreeable Autocracies is an attempt to explore some of the institutions which both reflect and determine the character of the free society today . (Filtered Words: 0)
have the short action ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He said in a studied voice , `` I didn't do it for you . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then 500,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I guess '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hmm -- diddle ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She could not face coffee or tea without milk , and was always craving types of food that were not available aboard a sailing ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
All trials have identical probabilities of success . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd be happy to pay for the favor , of course '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it didn't seem fair . (Filtered Words: 0)
That night the two of them left for a week's honeymoon in Acapulco . (Filtered Words: 0)
When three dice are tossed repeatedly , what is the probability that the number of aces is 0 ( or 1 , or 2 , or 3 ) ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They had traveled only a short distance when they spotted five Mexicans riding along a horse-trail across the stream just ahead of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He concludes that some changes can be made in the current orthography which will appreciably improve its usefulness , but hesitates to suggest precise graphic devices to effect these changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
But thus far there has been no response in kind . (Filtered Words: 0)
George had a tack hammer . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Friday he will go to Portland for the swearing in of [FILTERED] as Multnomah County Circuit Judge . (Filtered Words: 1)
( Metal data will not be included in the second edition , since these have been collected independently by [FILTERED] , National Research Council , Ottawa , and published as A handbook of lattice spacings and structures of metals and alloys by Pergamon Press . (Filtered Words: 1)
Method of computing Federal shares . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the time of her divorce Forbes had promised to pay her a lump sum in lieu of further alimony if she remarried . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bonjour , messieurs , vous etes matinals '' , she greeted them pleasantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The others put on old coats or ducking jackets , whichever they carried behind their saddle cantles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only thing which would have attracted attention was that two wore the uniform of prison guards , three the striped suits of convicts . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was moving through a screen of hemlocks , in among the white birch and maples . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ancient Greeks recorded several catastrophic inundations by huge waves . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Morse testified that while he was having breakfast in the dining room , Mrs. [FILTERED] told the servant , `` Bridget , I want you to wash these windows today '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
1 St. John 3 : 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She lay still on the bed , her head hardly denting the pillow ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
At this point it should be painfully obvious that cities , being `` soft '' , and the people within them are ideally suited to destruction by nuclear weapons . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is obvious enough that linguists in general have been less successful in coping with tone systems than with consonants or vowels . (Filtered Words: 0)
And all because of Domokous ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A small measure of payment , marine '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shrugged . (Filtered Words: 0)
most of the rest is medieval or humanist or part of an old tradition of social criticism . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the end , he said : `` I'm not enchanted by the proposition , sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fixed installations offer possibilities for area detection . (Filtered Words: 0)
And while the nation was formerly named `` The Islamic Republic of Pakistan '' , it is now simply `` The Republic of Pakistan '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
An analysis of the vector relationships shows that the rake angle **yc and the friction angle **yt determine the vector direction Af of the force resultants R and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was staying at a convent , and her mother felt that , as Thompson himself seems to have suggested , she might eventually stay there . (Filtered Words: 1)
I just hope it doesn't work on Earthmen too . (Filtered Words: 0)
We got a bunch of sippers out there tonight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Handstands come after arms , chest and shoulders have developed at least a minimum of strength . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were , in effect his last testament to non-objective art . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is one of the best-tempered Tar Heels ever at the center . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a splendid Georgia soldier , differed from most of his comrades in the ranks in that he was the owner of a large plantation , well-educated , and nearly fifty years of age . (Filtered Words: 1)
To begin with , the all-powerful Los Angeles Times does not publish a transcript of these press conferences . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would you like to see my work '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Ships from the West Coast rotated on six-month tours of duty with the Seventh Fleet , and [FILTERED] was the Seventh Fleet's principal port for maintenance , upkeep and shore liberty . (Filtered Words: 1)
The members of the community do not create the spirit but rather find it present and waiting for them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wisecracked about the captain's indoctrination of new men , took great delight in slaughtering cockroaches with ethyl chloride , and gave no thought for tomorrow . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man stuck the nozzle in the gas tank . (Filtered Words: 0)
it removes forever from the tax rolls property which should be taxed to pay for the city services . (Filtered Words: 0)
Foster had brought extra clothing also . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , the road's net revenues in the 12 months ending March 31 were 186 per cent of the annual interest payments on the turnpike bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each of those tickets was of great value to its rightful recipient . (Filtered Words: 0)
New Yorkers were kept informed of scores by reporters who telegraphed fifteen to twenty thousand words daily to the metropolitan newspapers . (Filtered Words: 0)
So somebody else could have come in , too -- then or later while she was out of the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I think she sought out danger as much as she sought out helping other people . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tribe in ancient India believed the earth was a huge tea tray resting on the backs of three giant elephants , which in turn stood on the shell of a great tortoise . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll go , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The better quality products in both of these lines contain phosphate builders . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would not give . (Filtered Words: 0)
It became smart to say that the fault was with Dulles because he would not countenance thinking done by anyone but himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
I want you to be grandfather to these orphaned poems , dear father-brother , now I am gone ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
a woman who was willing to give him love , faith , and anything else a woman could give a husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the suspicious , envenomed eyes of Pile of Clouds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Government itself was based upon contract ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
While they were told that there were some normal people who reacted differently than they had , they were also informed that there were other normals who reacted as they had . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eugenia sighed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their own experience in the social system influences their work and attitudes as teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dolores smiled ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We'll work out about an hour on Saturday , then we'll work Monday and Tuesday of next week , then taper off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a time following the abandonment of the local plant , electric current for [FILTERED] was brought in from the south with an emergency tie-in with the Vermont Marble Company system to the north . (Filtered Words: 1)
If Congress wants to displace the states from areas which they have customarily occupied , let it do so knowingly and explicitly . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
And they also had the lights of the city , the port wall lanterns , and a shore crane's spotlight to guide on . (Filtered Words: 0)
They should sense the tremendous significance of joining the spiritual succession reaching back to Christ our Lord and forward to an eternal fellowship with the saints of the ages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pre-decoration , low-cost molds , and the freedom to form large and small , thick and thin materials make plastics tailor-made for the industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had let this black hole of death in Warsaw's heart exist without a cry of protest . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a word he was proud of , a word that meant much to him , and he used it with great pleasure , almost as if it were an exclusive possession , and more : he sensed himself to be very highly educated , four cuts above any of the folks back home . (Filtered Words: 0)
She just wouldn't listen . (Filtered Words: 0)
For four of the six ( the anaconda and the amethystine python cannot be included for lack of data ) there is also a correlation between size at maturity and maximum length , the boa constrictor being the smallest and the Indian python the next in size at the former stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eight , nine steps above him , [FILTERED] had paused . (Filtered Words: 1)
Udall argues that Interior affairs should cover a great deal more than dams and wildlife preserves . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clerk wagged his head toward the captain's office . (Filtered Words: 0)
His thoughts for the swanlike neck , the full , high breasts , the slim waist , and the long legs were less than poetic , however . (Filtered Words: 0)
We want to know when the [FILTERED] telephone exactly how many they are planning to bring , so that we won't end up with a splashing mob that looks like Coney Island in August . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even so , the Draft Act encountered rough sledding in its progress through the Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dramatic activity at the College is organized and carried on by The Carleton Players , which is to say by all students who are so inclined to advance these aims . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You could try . (Filtered Words: 0)
I couldn't feel at home among them . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was terribly off key , and poorly done , and [FILTERED] could never admit to herself that male companionship was a very natural and important thing , but all at once she felt lonesome and put-upon . (Filtered Words: 1)
This time [FILTERED] kissed him lightly on the forehead . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rachel followed , looked at me , and clucked with her tongue . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , damn '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was fortunate , and proud . (Filtered Words: 0)
The public is now armed with sophistication and numerous competing media . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do avoid puncturing or cutting into meats to test them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poirot and his counterparts are perfectly respectable people ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
So it is spiritually . (Filtered Words: 0)
The violinist , in particular , is very indulgent with swoops and slides , and his tone is pinched and edgy . (Filtered Words: 0)
These tests are not accelerated and must be repeated to evaluate dimensional changes after repeated launderings . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a full scale , small , but efficient house that can become a year 'round retreat complete in every detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
But like all despots , as he builds his following from among the gullible , he grows more threatening toward those who won't follow -- such solid citizens as Doc Raccoon ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
it was not quite six o'clock when we finished and [FILTERED] said , `` Well , I guess that's it . (Filtered Words: 1)
The games were over , this was life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Toss a die until an ace appears . (Filtered Words: 0)
They did not `` duck the war '' but they fought in it , however reluctantly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Leaning his [FILTERED] against the front of the house , he walked to the girl . (Filtered Words: 1)
He must , in short , cease to be a detective and become a rebel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Women's Recreation Association . (Filtered Words: 0)
We caught the early train to New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am certainly not adequately trained to describe or enlarge on human fears , but there are certain features of the fears dispelled by scientific explanations that stand out quite clearly . (Filtered Words: 0)
They went shopping in the neighborhood , and bought two loaves of bread with the ration coupons they had been given in Blois , and some cheese , and a dozen eggs , and a bag of oranges from a peddler in the Place Redoute -- the first oranges they had seen since they landed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its rotunda forms a perfect circle whose diameter is equal to the height from the floor to the ceiling . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay , what happened '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
So in these pages one can share his wonder at the traditional fiesta of St. Torpetius that still persists in St. Tropez ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But her hands were calm , now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other reports in identical form , but with somewhat varying content , have been issued . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the input light distribution falls beyond the visible range , Af as expected , since Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although today's trucks are as fast as passenger cars , a truck driver has to be a sensible person and guard against hogging the road . (Filtered Words: 0)
The beehive voices , for no one could bear silence , drowned out the sound of Mrs. [FILTERED]'s weeping . (Filtered Words: 1)
More likely , you simply told yourself , as you handed us the book , that it mattered little what we incanted providing we underwent the discipline of incantation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The scientists , in and out of government , do not agree on some of the most vital points , at least publicly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The very proposition was sacrilege . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suvorov played parent not just to his Cossacks but to all his troops . (Filtered Words: 0)
A crowd of 1,400 is expected for the ceremonies , which will be followed by the show in which the writers will lampoon baseball personalities in skit , dance and song . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , if the child has been constantly surrounded , during nursery and early school age , by peer groups ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The valley lay clear , and open to the eye , right up to the sharp-limbed line of gaunt , scoured hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a fairly modern motel with quite a bit of electrical display in front . (Filtered Words: 0)
Funeral services for Mrs. [FILTERED] and her daughter , [FILTERED] , 11 , who died of burns at the same hospital Monday , have been scheduled for 10 a.m. tomorrow in St. Anne's Catholic Church , 31978 Mound , in Warren . (Filtered Words: 2)
Swine showmanship championship went to Bob Day , with [FILTERED] and Hutchins winning other blues . (Filtered Words: 1)
Between individuals , this process is called bargaining . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ignorance on this point has caused a great deal of needless anxiety , misunderstanding and suspicion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The present issue in Atlantica -- whether to transform an alliance of sovereign nations into a federal union of sovereign citizens -- resembles the American one of 1787-89 rather than the one that was resolved by Civil War . (Filtered Words: 0)
The accelerated pace of metropolitan changes has accentuated the drive to conformity in congregations of the major denominations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Winking at Joel's look of shock . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , 13 , of [FILTERED] cooked the championship junior dollar dinner . (Filtered Words: 2)
In final separation from them , in the railroad terminal across the river from New York , I would nearly cry . (Filtered Words: 0)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
When his eyes began to focus , he saw [FILTERED] charging at him with a pitchfork . (Filtered Words: 1)
It shouldn't be long '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This is a very modest proposal cut to meet absolutely essential needs '' , he said , `` and with sufficient ' deductible ' requirements to discourage any malingering or unnecessary overcrowding of our hospitals . (Filtered Words: 0)
You get back to the captain and tell him this : Somebody's going to take a shot at the prime minister , and [FILTERED] is in on the plot . (Filtered Words: 1)
She smiled at him wetly . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- It don't matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not helping them face the moral crisis involved in the use of nuclear energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt superior to the neighborhood friends I was leaving behind , felt older than my years , and was full of compliments for myself as I headed into the subway that was carrying its packs of passengers out of that dull borough and into the unstable , tantalizing excitement of Manhattan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor can anyone be certain that Prokofieff would have done better , or even as well , under different circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pitcher yelled back . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you think he could be having an affair '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he would walk off for a few days alone in the direction of Europe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately , I knew almost exactly what the will had said . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , the student trains on his hapless parents the heavy artillery of his newly acquired psychological and sociological insights . (Filtered Words: 0)
Peacocks strutted across their path , preening . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Puttana '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
These machines are designed to provide higher operating speeds , larger yarn packages , and greater flexibility of application to different types of yarn . (Filtered Words: 0)
The road to a guaranteed-neutral , coup-proof Laos is today almost as difficult as warfare on that nation's terrain . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We're getting Friend some runs for a change , and he has been pitching good '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Shea was born in Manhattan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the telephoning began . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everywhere within the common pattern , however , one finds local diversity ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But what made the load lighter was the realization that every officer , non-com and trooper was ready and willing to help him carry it , for the good of the troop and the regiment . (Filtered Words: 0)
) [FILTERED] , however , held out for plain oyster roast , and plenty of it , unadorned by herbs or any seasoning but salt , though he did fancy a bit of lemon . (Filtered Words: 1)
And so [FILTERED] got the spirit of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Bore me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and the dependent wife seldom questioned his judgment about anything , including the marriage bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you hear me ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Means tried her first . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was my second day in Vientiane , the administrative capital of Laos , and my thoughts were none too brave . (Filtered Words: 0)
The small amount of insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis was suspended in approximately 5 ml of starting buffer , centrifuged , resuspended in 2.5 ml of isotonic saline and tested for antibody activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we want respect from ourselves or others , we will have to earn it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The deductions allowed in determining Adjusted Gross Income put all taxpayers on a comparable basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The season in San Francisco will open with a special [FILTERED] on November 22 . (Filtered Words: 1)
But though each of its members had asserted this right against the Union , the final Constitution which the Confederacy signed on March 11 -- nearly a month before hostilities began -- included no explicit provision authorizing a state to secede . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this instance , because of incomplete septation , the secondary lobule does not constitute in itself what appears to be a small individual lung as in type 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet nodded to [FILTERED] and entered the water in a similar fashion . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dartmouth students enjoy other unusual diversions with equal sang-froid . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Git over by the window while there's light , an' I'll put th' candle out . (Filtered Words: 0)
From early family portraits , painted before he entered the schools of the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts , the chronology extends to a group of paintings executed in his last year ( 1951 ) and still part of his estate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The value derived was 16 microseconds . (Filtered Words: 0)
You Secesh ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Andrei peeled off five one-thousand-zloty notes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Effectively controls cattle grubs which damage hides and can reduce gains . (Filtered Words: 0)
The difference between confederacy and federal union in 1861 (Filtered Words: 0)
Can you bring the networks' attention to this ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The specific reasons for a long-term approach (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where was [FILTERED] waiting with the rifle ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Some people said [FILTERED] had just announced the engagement to jolt John into some action , but when John came home from a business trip to Cleveland with Edythe , with Edythe his bride , it could no longer be John-and-[FILTERED] even to sentimental wishful thinkers . (Filtered Words: 2)
The increase stems largely from the growing complexity of and higher degree of maintenance required for newer weapons and equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time , they had been lucky . (Filtered Words: 0)
If goodness and badness lie in attitudes only and hence are brought into being by them , those men who greeted death and misery with childishly merry laughter are taking the only sensible line . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My mother read a book right after I was born and there was a Lilian in the book she loved and I became Lilian -- and eventually I became [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The three -- [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] -- and eight other defendants are charged in six indictments with conspiracy to violate federal narcotic laws . (Filtered Words: 3)
The uniform fiscal year facilitates inter-town comparison of revenues and expenditures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , the Interstate Commerce Commission will not force the New York Central to further curtail its commuter operations by giving undue competitive advantages to the lines that wish to merge . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd brought along the virgin pint from last night , but we were going to kill that only when we were through talking . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] was halfway to the door , the proprietor emerged -- a mountainous , dark man , his head thick with resiny black hair , his eyes like two of the black olives he imported in boatloads . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then there is a matchmaker , one [FILTERED] , a role for which [FILTERED] was happily selected . (Filtered Words: 2)
That was how they started being friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
Artists simply do not talk to each other in that fashion ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is a clumsy and wasteful process : it can produce negative results but not much that is positive . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has held them at bay . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nonreactors had been separated into two groups on this assumption with the presumably `` secure '' nonreactors and `` secure '' reactors being used as the groups for comparative personality studies . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be a free front-back swing of the leg , leading to a sideways swing of the arm that develops into a turn and the sensation of taking off from the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , obviously , at least some things have changed for the better in Russia so far as the ballet is concerned . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was very widely read , too ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The child should then bring both legs together overhead , point the toes and tighten the seat muscles . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has indicated that he plans new moves on Berlin before the year is out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you willing to run the gantlet ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't say what would cure him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Treatment of the above diseases : 350 milligrams per head per day for 30 days only . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had considered throwing erasers or flipping paperwads at someone or pulling the hair of the girl sitting in front of him , but he couldn't take a chance on either of these possibilities : the teacher probably would make him stand face-to-wall in a corner instead of stay in after school . (Filtered Words: 0)
The poor , unlucky -- (Filtered Words: 0)
And for the first time a representative of the highest office in the land would have been liable to the charge that he had attempted to make it a successorship by inheritance . (Filtered Words: 0)
A significant effect discovered during the study is the existence of Prandtl numbers reaching values of more than unity in the nitrogen dissociation region . (Filtered Words: 0)
The city has sued for the full amount of the $172,400 performance bond covering the contract . (Filtered Words: 0)
The famed Yankee Clipper , now retired , has been assisting as a batting coach . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s , being `` outside '' the U.N. applied only to a physical state , not an objective one . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dr. [FILTERED] , reader in mathematics at Queen [FILTERED] , London ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
He would save her . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , seems so , don't it '' , the boy laughed , hugging her close . (Filtered Words: 0)
These two basic malformations have , of course , many variations . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't have many strays coming to my front door '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
If not , he was willing to accede to [FILTERED]'s wishes in any way that did not block his ultimate aim . (Filtered Words: 1)
Alec glanced into the bathroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of the increase in numbers and prestige brought about by the conversions of Newman and other Tractarians of the 1840's and 1850's , the Catholic segment of England one hundred years ago was a very small one ( four per cent , or 800,000 ) which did not enjoy a gracious hearing from the general public . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took a midnight train out of Cleveland Saturday , without an official word to anybody , and has stayed away from newsmen on his train trip across the nation to Reno , Nev. , where his wife , former Olympic Diving Champion Zoe Ann Olsen , awaited . (Filtered Words: 0)
however , he will have a clearer understanding of what he is doing and the chances are he will be more successful if he understands the few formulas that apply to rodding . (Filtered Words: 0)
A speck -- and space (Filtered Words: 0)
This is no spectator-type experience ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I hope so '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was a contrast even more decisive than a hunger for fact between the Trial in Jerusalem and those in Moscow and New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
He lived in the dawn ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked at his son , his face worried . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lab to check . (Filtered Words: 0)
So one week later , I surrendered to him in the little motel on Route 10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was happy to tell her that his finances were now in such condition that he could go back to Harvard for a third year with Professor [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Under the circumstances , I had difficulty keeping up with the conversation on the phone , but when I hung up I was reasonably certain that Francesca had wanted to remind me of our town meeting the next evening , and how important it was that [FILTERED] and I be there . (Filtered Words: 1)
The professional organizations such as American Institute of Interior Designers , National Society of Interior Designers , Home Fashions League and various trade associations , can and do aid greatly in this work . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cave seemed to be opening in Quint's stomach . (Filtered Words: 0)
Problems of taxing personal property . (Filtered Words: 0)
The possibilities of selling the property later on for suburban subdivision . (Filtered Words: 0)
In my short period here I believe that at no time has he been otherwise than the most popular man on both sides of the aisle . (Filtered Words: 0)
As shown earlier , the highly anxious individual may be superior in his memorizing of simple elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hell , I jist ask her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I take this to mean that the intelligent -- and therefore necessarily cynical ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The returns from companies classified as large businesses were set aside and not used because they were not relevant to a study of the opinions and practices of small firms . (Filtered Words: 0)
The continuities , contrasts , and similarities discernible when past and present are surveyed together are inexhaustible and the one is often understood through the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are in themselves neutral , and , so far as they get a moral quality , they get it only through being invested with it by the attitude of the onlooker . (Filtered Words: 0)
It did not . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has to cope with frustration and other emotional disturbance and anomie . (Filtered Words: 0)
He waited a long time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparatus and materials (Filtered Words: 0)
Once the full extent of this Russian military penetration of Cuba was clear , President [FILTERED] announced we would take whatever action was appropriate to prevent this , even if we had to go it alone . (Filtered Words: 1)
We have sought to be strictly neutral as between the parties , but at the same time we have been required frequently to rule on specific issues or situations as they arose . (Filtered Words: 0)
The general effect is tragic . (Filtered Words: 0)
A little farther along the road you come to the Church of Santa Sabina , called the `` Pearl of the Aventine '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Professionally a lawyer , that is to say associated with dignity , reserve , discipline , with much that is essentially middle-class , he is compelled by an impossible love to exhibit himself dressed up , disguised -- that is , paradoxically , revealed -- as a child , and , worse , as a whore masquerading as a child . (Filtered Words: 0)
This will mean that every time there's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
It follows that the solution to the current disunity of the free nations is only to a very limited extent a matter of devising new machinery of consultation and coordination . (Filtered Words: 0)
the author possesses an uncommonly fine English style , and he is dealing with subjects of vast importance that are highly topical for our time . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was really no reason to refuse , and [FILTERED] had never ridden in a Cadillac . (Filtered Words: 1)
And the direction of that movement is determined by his perception of the truth about himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
And even hearing it in a concert hall surrounded by hundreds of people the words and the melody would make me a little colder and I would reach out for my husband's hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Microscopic examination of the effluent showed that minimum BOD occurred when the algae began to decrease with cold weather . (Filtered Words: 0)
The limits are suggested by an imaginary experiment : contrast the perceptual skill of English professors with that of their colleagues in discriminating among motor cars , political candidates , or female beauty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the choreographer must arbitrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was moving like a ballet dancer , playing for laughs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Flake ( for three ) a cupful of cold boiled haddock , mix with a cupful of cooked rice , two minced hard-boiled eggs , some buttery white sauce done with cream , cayenne , pepper , salt , a pinch of curry , a tablespoonful of minced onion fried , and a bit of anchovy . (Filtered Words: 0)
A flame would use up air . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the rest of it , the main part , wasn't based on logic at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
To measure work : (Filtered Words: 0)
When it was not , one of the great dramas of Washington would be presented . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dimensions of these waves dwarf all our usual standards of measurement . (Filtered Words: 0)
You must know before you start what the needs and objectives of your organization are ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus not only taught forgiveness , He gave us an example of it on the cross . (Filtered Words: 0)
Across the street on my right I saw the Hippodrome , now a park . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now there was raucous male singing from the Fleet Bar . (Filtered Words: 0)
The three -- [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] -- and eight other defendants are charged in six indictments with conspiracy to violate federal narcotic laws . (Filtered Words: 3)
Just give him time , give him a chance . (Filtered Words: 0)
But subconsciously you've wanted him to conform to your mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then she looked at the old woman again , her eyes calm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Weight , 160 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thoroughgoing idealization of the planter society did not come , however , until after the Civil War when Southern writers were eager to defend a way of life which had been destroyed . (Filtered Words: 0)
When she had finished I said : (Filtered Words: 0)
Use one coat of Firzite and one coat of marine paint . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such , he implies , is the case with his friend , who is not really a new convert himself but merely a favorer of new converts . (Filtered Words: 0)
for their's is the kingdom of heaven '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , once these steps are taken , they may require years to make themselves felt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Intensification of present activities through ( A ) quicker , more extensive , and more thorough surveys to detect incipient outbreaks ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time the orchestra announced that next season it would be giving twenty-five programs at Carnegie , and that it would be taking these concerts to the suburbs , repeating each of them in five different communities . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this time , however , there are signs that increased availability of mortgage credit will not act with the usual speed to stimulate a sharp rise in residential construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
At right is a casual style in a crushed unlined white leather . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quite a few laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the first scene begins to fade , the succeeding scene begins to appear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a difference might have resulted from : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This coming weekend they have reserved the entire Stagecoach Inn and adjoining country club , Saledo , for festivities . (Filtered Words: 0)
The attack started on October 2 , 1643 , and the Gortonists held out for a day and a night . (Filtered Words: 0)
What was he doing ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably around midnight , give or take an hour either way '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We will refer to the plane of C and Af as the C-plane and to the plane of the graph as the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its rotunda forms a perfect circle whose diameter is equal to the height from the floor to the ceiling . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is presumed to occur in other members of the [FILTERED] family . (Filtered Words: 1)
Their secondary hero is another pro , [FILTERED] , who drank his lunch during another Open and tried to blast his way out of a rock-strewn gully . (Filtered Words: 1)
Referring to Britain , he says , `` We see a nation that traditionally values sovereignty above all else willing to give up its economy , placing this authority in Continental hands '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
An Italian poet had noticed plainclothes policemen lounging around the area of Quirinal Palace , the first time since the war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Liquid fats from all these oilseeds enter into the manufacture of soaps for industry and the household and of glycerin for such industrial uses as making explosives . (Filtered Words: 0)
A third cell can be added by storing the address of another Y-cell in Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
How's Lissa , do you know '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That much Latin we remember '' , [FILTERED] said dryly . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , this difficulty is not too serious if it is realized that a surveying team can establish a true north base line with a few days' work . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had two productive periods , one in the late 1860's , the other in the decade from 1910 to 1920 ( half of the dated poems are from the latter period , and these alone total about one-tenth of all Hardy's poems ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hit a poor tee shot , pulling it off into the pine woods separating the 9th and first fairways . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was not a superstitious man , but he felt perhaps there was a little something in that , indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
When different colors are used , she is just as likely to color trees purple , hair green , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were running from something . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , what is their evidence that the tactual apparatus was fundamentally undamaged ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I hate Warsaw , he said to himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wanted to wipe my flint , but I didn't dare to , the state my hands were in , just as I didn't dare to do anything about the priming . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stumbled down the bank . (Filtered Words: 1)
That and her death . (Filtered Words: 0)
My heart was not in it , but , oddly enough , it remains the most financially successful picture of my career . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I knowingly abuse their confidence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The posse's retreat encouraged the Mexicans to be overbearing and impudent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without really changing the general subject , I take this opportunity to confess that I am troubled by doubts , not only about pacifism , but also when asked to join in the protest against a law that most of those who consider themselves humane and liberal seem to regard as obviously barbarous ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] found that the treatments given her for a nervous ailment by the masseur were not helping her . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not a single Southern author , major or minor , has made the urban problems of an urban South his primary source material . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't worry , I can get plenty more '' , Eugenia said , wondering where in the world she could . (Filtered Words: 0)
from the General's idea a chain reaction occurred . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was water . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many appeared to regard their sexual behavior as a justifiable means of gaining acceptance from and identification with others ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] silenced them . (Filtered Words: 1)
While The Space Merchants indicates , as [FILTERED] has correctly observed , some of the `` impending consequences of the growth of industrial and commercial power '' and satirizes `` existing habits in the advertising profession '' , its warning and analysis penetrate much deeper . (Filtered Words: 1)
Impossible to imagine [FILTERED] feeling so about anyone . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I told him '' , he said aloud They'll get the guys that done it . (Filtered Words: 0)
That he mastered every aspect of his medium according to his own great talents and contemporary judgments , is a good and solid symbol of his people under the tremendous pressures of proclaiming and practising the rigors of a new culture ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a succession of picture-images passing through his mind : the same ones , different ones , in no apparent sequence , in no logical succession . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you can't think of a thing to do , try something -- anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had a hard voice , too , this time . (Filtered Words: 1)
Zinc cadmium sulfide in particles of 2 microns in size were disseminated . (Filtered Words: 0)
As soon as that one man is appointed by himself or the others or by a signal from [FILTERED] , we are going to be rushed . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No thank you very much '' , Schaffner had answered in his accented English . (Filtered Words: 0)
As seen in the [FILTERED] family , there must be an attempt to help the client develop conscious awareness of the problem , especially in the absence of a formal request for assistance . (Filtered Words: 1)
As it turned out , Jessica took matters into her own hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
The change may require different products , pricing , packaging , warehousing , salesmanship , advertising and executive attention -- practically every link in the marketing network may have to be adjusted . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was eight he began violin lessons . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the sound of a siren . (Filtered Words: 0)
This original capsule contained a battery and a transistor oscillator and was about 1 cm. in diameter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The manager of a movie theater received a telephone call from a woman who was equally indefinite . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without money or property , what would you have had at Baton Rouge '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Though President [FILTERED] was primarily concerned with the crucial problems of Berlin and disarmament adviser [FILTERED]'s unexpected report from Khrushchev , his new enthusiasm and reliance on personal diplomacy involved him in other key problems of U.S. foreign policy last week . (Filtered Words: 2)
They were not Poles . (Filtered Words: 0)
His steps were short and stiff , and , with his head thrown back , his progress was a supercilious strut . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fractions from the column which were to be subjected to analytical ultracentrifugation were concentrated by negative pressure dialysis and dialyzed for 16 hr in the cold against at least 500 volumes of phosphate-buffered saline , pH 7.2 , ionic strength 0.154 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She picked up the baby and nuzzled her fat warm little neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
This type of borrowing can be reduced to a minimum if quarterly installment payment of taxes is instituted and the first payment placed near the opening of the fiscal year . (Filtered Words: 0)
You should be prepared to cope with any pitfall such as plunges into empty pools or shallow ends and all manner of winter as well as summer lawsuits . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its oil for heating is metered monthly to each home from a line that starts at a central storage point . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the AID's intention to create in the library `` a miniature museum of Americana '' before completed refurbishing is unveiled early this fall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lord knows I had everything set for you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
My uncle looked at Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
They think of it as a kind of spooky museum in which they may half see and half imagine the old splendor . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not the details of Utopian communism that make Utopia modern , it is the spirit , the attitude of mind that informs those details . (Filtered Words: 0)
You're not the kind to go violent . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the course , one member has lost her husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next week , cousin Red wandered in as casually , but curt and untidy . (Filtered Words: 0)
More often than not , as the Old Grad wanders along the old paths , his memory of happy days when he strolled one of the paths with a coed beside him becomes an ache and a pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll need more if the high average is above that , less if it's below . (Filtered Words: 0)
( One good thing about a suit of armor , his leg wouldn't show . (Filtered Words: 0)
They brok & run and Arch holored out to shoot the ornery suns of biches and we all let go at them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where there was no road , they lived without one . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Some day '' , I told [FILTERED] , `` that guy will kill us both '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Attack (Filtered Words: 0)
On her first visit the orthodontist will take x-rays , photographs , tooth measurements , and `` tooth prints '' -- an impression of the mouth that permits him to study her teeth and jaws . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having hit one of the trees , the ball came to rest not more than 160 yards out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus one line in five from The Iliad and The [FILTERED] is to be found somewhere else in the two poems . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why do the police find Holmes `` unorthodox '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Had I been there , I , too , in the eyes of most Americans , would have been merely a pawn in the hands of the Communists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Zinc cadmium sulfide in particles of 2 microns in size were disseminated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Madden , with his investigation centered on the fraud , said that tomorrow he would go to the Bronx bank through which Mrs. [FILTERED]'s checks to Johnston had cleared . (Filtered Words: 1)
Scholars made numbered sets of as many things as possible in Nature , or assigned arbitrary numbers to individual things , in a fashion that seems to the modern scientific mind as downright nonsensical , and philosophical ideas based upon all this tended to stifle speculative thought in China for many centuries . (Filtered Words: 0)
The laces were broken at the bottom of the eyelets but there was still a bow knot at the top . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , I went to the city , And there I did bitterly cry , Men out of touch with the earth , And with never a glance at the sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked a young mustached Frenchman . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What about a tea room , then ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And I was to go to work on that odd matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
She understood completely . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the outset of his first term , he established himself as one of the guiding spirits of the House of Delegates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the will and word of God are for them concentrated in Christ-like love , it seems clear to them that non-violent resistance is quite another thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next day the police captain , in derision , organized what he termed `` Welch's Wild Goose Chase '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will help to determine the attitude of the new members toward the Church . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was when she was in this position that the name `` prayin' cow '' was suggested to the cowboy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone in the ball park seemed to be standing and shouting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quality is vitally important . (Filtered Words: 0)
( As we have seen , the Erie and York decisions require federal courts in diversity cases to follow state decisional rules . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stirring , he said : `` I am sorry that my work prevents me from doing anything with you today '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carroll was sharp and military , but he was up against tough competition for that RA berth , and he wanted to play it cool . (Filtered Words: 0)
The young Texas pianist can make great chords ring out as well as anyone , so last night the massive sonorities of this challenging concerto were no hazard to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Although there was some variation in results which must be attributed either to trace impurities or to variation in wall effects , the photochemical exchange in the gas phase was sufficiently reproducible so that it seemed meaningful to compare the reaction rates in different series of reaction tubes for the purpose of obtaining information on the effect of chlorine concentration and of carbon tetrachloride concentration on the reaction rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both [FILTERED] and Fosdick knew that a substitute was necessary , that a verboten approach was not the real answer . (Filtered Words: 1)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
