Another reason gymnastic study is valuable is that it can be started very early in life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The answers to questions such as these certainly depend to some extent upon the educator's own social-class position and also upon his social history , as well as upon his personality and what he conceives his mission to be as an educator . (Filtered Words: 0)
A hall opened in back of the bar , running toward an ell . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the agreements calls for the New Eastwick Corp. to purchase a 1311 acre tract for $12,192,865 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] Red Harvest provides a classic example of this theme . (Filtered Words: 1)
It seemed incredible , as I listened to the monotonous drone of voices and smelled the fetid odors coming from the patients , that technically I was a ward of the state of Illinois , going to a hospital for the mentally ill . (Filtered Words: 0)
This appears to be high , as would be expected from the appreciable viscosity of the material in the drops . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've seen you , though , before '' , she said with enormous coyness , patting his knee . (Filtered Words: 0)
That would certainly be paradoxical . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their singing was well-balanced , clear and , within obvious limitations , extremely pleasing . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was so scared well , I just ran to my car and came here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The half-man lay on the ground , arteries pulsating prettily behind the half-transparent film which protected his abdominal cavity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sixteen panels , each slightly more than 1-1/2 ft. wide , make up the 25-ft. length of the sign . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- that should a minister in Boston trust himself to his heart , should he `` speak without book , and consequently break some law of speech , or be hurried into some daring hyperbole , he should find little mercy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The area adjacent to one edge of a piece of affixed material -- or simply of a painted-in form -- will be shaded to pry that edge away from the surface , while something will be drawn , painted or even pasted over another part of the same shape to drive it back into depth . (Filtered Words: 0)
It really ought to be rebuilt , and he determined to go up and talk to the city banks about this . (Filtered Words: 0)
That [FILTERED] philosophy of the social contract fathered the American Revolution with its Declaration of Independence , I believe , we generally accept . (Filtered Words: 1)
but if he is up against China's crusading spirit in world affairs , he is going to be faced with the most agonizing choice in his life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] said yesterday he would be willing to go before the city council `` or anyone else locally '' to outline his proposal at the earliest possible time . (Filtered Words: 1)
At one time it was the ambition of every saxophone player in every high school band in America to blow like Bird . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tolley had gone to live in California . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hadn't been doing as much work as I used to in Westfield and I felt funny about that and wanted to work harder than ever . (Filtered Words: 0)
If an automobile were approaching him , he would know what was required of him , even though he might not be able to act quickly enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another week passed and even the missionaries were enjoying the voyage . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you have neither a legal residence nor a principal place of business in any Internal Revenue district , your return should be filed with the District Director of Internal Revenue , Baltimore 2 , Md. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` His throat's shut . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those coming from other denominations will welcome the opportunity to become informed . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Some suspensions break up before they are near to the direction of shear , and some become asymptotic to it without breakup . (Filtered Words: 0)
The firm red spleen weighed 410 gm. , and its surface was mottled by discrete , small patches of white material . (Filtered Words: 0)
In she has it in for [FILTERED] dominant stress will ordinarily be on in , where the notion of stored-up antipathy seems to center . (Filtered Words: 1)
g-p men served (Filtered Words: 0)
All she did was write me a pleasant little note about how it was beautiful while it lasted but that now life had parted our ways and it was goodbye forever . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How can a man with any degree of common decency charge this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the regular sections they have always been more or less discouraged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Searching for the best in spiritual stories , my roving editors cover not only the country , but the whole world . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were times that he worked with both lyricists simultaneously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Members of the young set who would like to come to the party only during the dancing time are welcomed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two noted troupes from overseas will get the fall dance season off to a sparkling start . (Filtered Words: 0)
To guard against the tyranny of a numerical majority , Calhoun developed his theory of `` concurrent majority '' , which , he said , `` by giving to each portion of the community which may be unequally affected by the action of government , a negative on the others , prevents all partial or local legislation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , I can see that '' , the friend was forced to agree . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gallant company completed Act 4 , and got through part of Act 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it is to be noted also that confidence should grow from remembering that great men often appeared in the past to turn local catastrophe into future good for all mankind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider this table : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the A.L.A.M. lawyers observed that if the Selden case had been tried under this simplified procedure , the testimony which filled more than a score of volumes , `` at a minimum cost of $1 a page for publication alone , could have been contained in one volume '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The process in which the outcome of any one stage is known only statistically is also of interest , although for chemical reactor design it is not as important as the deterministic process . (Filtered Words: 0)
We would be ignoring the special circumstances of other countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
These specialists , I learned , have done a great deal of work to improve the size and health of the plants and the resulting flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The publication last July of the party's Draft Program -- that blueprint for the `` transition to communism '' -- had led the uninitiated to suppose that this Twenty-second Congress would be a sort of apotheosis of the Khrushchev regime , a solemn consecration of ideas which had , in fact , been current over the last three or four years ( i.e. , since the defeat of the `` anti-party group '' ) in all theoretical party journals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later this can be combined with the handstand to provide a walkover . (Filtered Words: 0)
In place of asking salesmen to fill questionnaires , checking their references , interviewing them , asking them to be tried out , he told them he would prefer to test them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Crunch , that's all she wrote '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes they argued . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , he's so darling and '' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Cut off every building at the seventh floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
And now [FILTERED] had gotten a look at him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her hand tightened on the receiver . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gun would fire or not , just as chance willed . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a long train flowing from the shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
I want to say more about [FILTERED]'s so-called fundamental law . (Filtered Words: 1)
It took him about fifteen minutes to calm himself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But time is running out , and many of [FILTERED]'s admirers begin to fear that he will never find terra firma . (Filtered Words: 1)
When [FILTERED] tried to stretch his blow into a triple , he was cut down in a close play at third , Tuttle to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` I don't want it '' , [FILTERED] said , firmly . (Filtered Words: 1)
however , in the interest of clarity and conciseness only the results obtained with homozygous Af and homozygous Af cells will be presented here . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the man on the sidewalk is surprised at this question , it has served as an exclamation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Tough '' , [FILTERED] said , `` Listen , we're having a stag dinner over at the Pagan Room on Friday . (Filtered Words: 1)
When this second dilemma first became obvious -- during the mid to late '50's -- the United States appeared to have three choices . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The financial situation of the Baltimore & Ohio , has become precarious -- much worse than at any time since the depression of the 1930s '' , he told the hearing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hamburger patties with nuts (Filtered Words: 0)
A forest crop that has not been extensively cultivated is ivory nuts from the tagua palm . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fled through the door and down the steps , running , and the men grunted and followed , pushing Lester to one side where he backed against the wall with the sleeve of his jacket raised before his eyes to shut out the light . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the time the fielder got his hands on the ball [FILTERED] was rounding third base and heading for home . (Filtered Words: 1)
( cf. McGlynn : 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
another I bought there to bring me home 7 weeks ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
-- 'scuse me , sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
Men need unity and they need God . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clerks and postmasters shoveled muck out of their offices -- those who still had offices -- and wondered how to move the mail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The introduction of the United States Pharmacopoeia reference standard in 1952 and the redefinition and equating of the USP and international units of thyroid-stimulating activity have made it possible to compare results published by different investigators since that time . (Filtered Words: 0)
She held out her hand to show that she had money . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they were ready to leave , [FILTERED] and Ramey walked back around the rear of the trailer . (Filtered Words: 1)
What I want to point out here is that all of them are ex-liberals , or modified liberals , with perhaps one exception . (Filtered Words: 0)
That death occurred at 50 p.m. Friday and was reported Sunday , the patrol said . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fellow came up to me , a Senator , I don't have to tell you his name , and he told me , ' I love the President like a brother , but God damn it , he's crucifying me . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it makes a very poor red herring for an inside job . (Filtered Words: 0)
Friend or enemy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] pointed the Discovery down the east coast of the newly discovered sea ( now called [FILTERED] Bay ) , confident he was on his way to the warm waters of the Pacific . (Filtered Words: 1)
It can mean the difference between participation and inaction , spiritual growth and decay . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a capacity ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Well -- in that case , I take off tomorrow morning for Frisco . (Filtered Words: 0)
Locked in motel (Filtered Words: 0)
As I ministered to his needs , I noticed that his face was radiant in spite of his suffering and I learned that he was trusting not only in the skill of his doctor and nurse but also the Lord . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since D and D' are both diagonalizable and they commute , they are simultaneously diagonalizable , and Af is diagonalizable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The range of self-help (Filtered Words: 0)
The Banks for Cooperatives were established to provide a permanent source of credit on a sound basis for farmers' cooperatives . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A difference between subspecies might explain the great range in size . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first two pieces butt against the inner member of the keelson and are glued and screwed to the brace between the first two frames . (Filtered Words: 0)
As soon as he could think logically again he reached for the telephone directory and found [FILTERED] home number . (Filtered Words: 1)
In spots such as the elbows and knees the second skin is worn off and I realized the aborigines were much darker than they appeared ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
While The Space Merchants indicates , as [FILTERED] has correctly observed , some of the `` impending consequences of the growth of industrial and commercial power '' and satirizes `` existing habits in the advertising profession '' , its warning and analysis penetrate much deeper . (Filtered Words: 1)
Such was the impromptu that Voltaire gave to howls of laughter at Sans Souci and that was soon circulated in manuscript throughout the literary circles of Europe , to be printed sometime later , but with the name of Timon of Athens , the famous misanthrope , substituted for that of Rousseau . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not a case of the investment bankers having to sell the stock ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Basin Street Beat (Filtered Words: 0)
This is much smaller than the highest resolution of even the very large reflectors now under construction , and consequently the radio emission of different regions of the disk cannot be resolved . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this we know : Here is a great life that in every area of American politics gives the American people occasion for pride and that has invested the democratic process with the most decent qualities of honor , decency , and self-respect . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must have saturated himself in the drink , for the bullet not to shock him out of his drunken haze . (Filtered Words: 0)
She finds married life stifling and every prolonged sex relationship unbearably monotonous . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 , (Filtered Words: 0)
Alfred walked past him without a word and got into the car . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Boss wants performance , not gripes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was nobody's fault . (Filtered Words: 0)
The deficiency diseases -- scurvy , tropical sprue , pellagra -- run rampant . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I only thought of that in the middle of the night . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was closer to understanding it in English now , although it could never have the inevitability of the Martian concept it stood for . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thousands of city migrants who desert the farms yearly must readjust with even greater stress and tension : the sacred wilderness is gradually surrendering to suburbs and research parks and industrial areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
a `` Double-Figure '' , which went to the Chicago Art Institute , and is considered by him the most successful of his abstracts ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This is drama enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last exercise of [FILTERED] prescribed program for [FILTERED] is a single exercise , done in individual sets with a bit longer pause between sets . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Nope , just you , all the time -- sometimes I think it's the only way I'll ever get a decent partner '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The one thing they had in common was their hatred . (Filtered Words: 0)
My husband and I , a month ahead of the rush , have just finished a 7-day motor journey of 2809 miles from Tucson , Ariz. , to New York City : (Filtered Words: 0)
Take it out of me '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
As usual , the press photographers were on hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
God knows how , but I got it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't think I can . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , there is a minimum of legislative restriction on boating . (Filtered Words: 0)
In several instances group O cells were also used as controls . (Filtered Words: 0)
An interregnum ensues in which not men but ideas compete for existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately , it is possible to be somewhat more concrete and factual in diagnosing the involvement of values in education . (Filtered Words: 0)
New techniques for automatic molding of expandable styrene beads have helped boost that particular material into a number of new consumer applications , including picnic chests , beverage coolers , flower pots , and flotation-type swimming toys . (Filtered Words: 0)
The facsiport rolled open on the landscape . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even now I will not intrude upon her except to state a few bare facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
He lurched on down the road despairingly , because there was no place else to go . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the concern of the Department of State that the American people are safe and secure -- defense is not a monopoly concern of the Department of Defense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Federal question jurisdiction (Filtered Words: 0)
She told police about the prospective tenant she had heard quarreling with her father some weeks before the murders , but she said she thought he was from out of town because she heard him mention something about talking to his partner . (Filtered Words: 0)
The markets that have started to open up for the foam in the past year or so seem to justify the expectations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A true university , like most successful marriages , is a unity of diversities Without forcing all components into a single pattern , the preparation of a master plan is an opportunity to consider interrelation of knowledge at its highest level , which a university -- in contrast to a multiversity -- should stand for . (Filtered Words: 0)
there is an enchanting polonaise ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For if it did , the plane of L and l' would contain two generators of Af , which is impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
What the hell right did [FILTERED] have saying a thing like that ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The only answer will be continuous study . (Filtered Words: 0)
Advise And [FILTERED] , lively but shallow theater drawn from the mountainously detailed bestseller ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Its high impact strength , even at low temperatures , resists chipping , cracking , and crazing , according to Du Pont . (Filtered Words: 0)
She found herself wishing an old wish , that she had told Doaty she was running away , that she had left something more behind her than the loving , sorry note and her best garnet pin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Publication and distribution : (Filtered Words: 0)
He must not fail to hear it . (Filtered Words: 0)
8 (Filtered Words: 0)
In a sample of new members of Pittsburgh churches , almost 60 per cent were recruited by initial `` contacts with friendly members '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He left a note propped on the desk asking her to call him sometime today , and drove home . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the wrong thing to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked a silly question : `` You've no idea where your husband could be , now '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally , the statewide races will provide the major test for the expanding council . (Filtered Words: 0)
birthplace of the nation , the Northeast offers historic battlefields ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A flash illumined the trees as a crooked bolt twigged in several directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another common method was to cut an onion in two and place each half on the wart for a moment ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
how can he be financed so that he can find the work he ought to do ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , check for leaks in your hoses and hose connections , around the freeze-out plugs , gaskets , water pump seals and heater fittings . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He who has not the Son has not the life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Labor relations (Filtered Words: 0)
This office cooperates with the U. S. Department of Commerce in giving statewide coverage to services which include : statistics on markets abroad ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] reverted to his Plymouth tactics , refused to let her go , and appeared himself before the [FILTERED] grand jury . (Filtered Words: 2)
What's your profit margin ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] told himself he would forget [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same could be said for the song to which they make their entrance in the final scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't see ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] came rushing up . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` [FILTERED] just paid me a visit . (Filtered Words: 1)
It would authorize the Texas Education Agency to establish county-wide day schools for the deaf in counties of 300,000 or more population , require deaf children between 6 and 13 years of age to attend the day schools , permitting older ones to attend the residential Texas School for the Deaf here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet was the captured , arms pinioned to his side , and he twisted convulsively trying to escape . (Filtered Words: 0)
The formation remained perfect . (Filtered Words: 0)
but on further investigation , the thing proved to be a sweater , of the long-hair variety that sheds onto men's jackets -- pale , pale pink and , according to the label , size thirty-four . (Filtered Words: 0)
God dammit , get . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Paradise lost to the alleged water needs of Texas' big cities Thursday . (Filtered Words: 0)
He put the bottle down . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the time the film was released we were three million dollars over-spent , war was imminent and the public apparently had forgotten all about Mother Cabrini . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , damn '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Colquitt (Filtered Words: 0)
`` J'ai faim '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
to refine and extend his own techniques for studying individual children ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor is it at all likely that a `` desperate '' claim against the Government will be assigned on a contingent-fee basis in the guise of a tax-free reorganization . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Service announced that taxpayers making such claims may be called on to furnish a statement from the recipient organization showing the date , purpose , amount and other particulars of the contribution . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not a farfetched analogy to say that this is what [FILTERED] did to poetry . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since moving from a Chicago suburb to Southern California a few months ago , I've been introduced to a new game called Lanesmanship . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the treatment of ketosis feed 1/4 to 1/2 pound per day for 10 days . (Filtered Words: 0)
We welcome this able brief for the negative as part of a many-sided discussion of the Atlantic Common Market which JNR will be continuing in our pages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately , the whole picture hinges on this romance , at the expense of everything else . (Filtered Words: 0)
Compared with the college and university faculty members of the period from 1900 to 1930 , the new postwar faculty members consist of more children of immigrants and more children of urban working-class fathers . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll start sneezing in a minute , sitting on these cold steps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Introduction (Filtered Words: 0)
Pitchers grumble about lively balls and lively bats , the shrinking strike zone , and the fact that the knock-down pitch is now illegal . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was interrupted by a crash from the deck and sprang toward the ladder , with Gansevoort and Heiser behind him . (Filtered Words: 0)
the attitude adopted by realtors and their associations , either negative or positive , plays a large part in the public acceptance of such measures and the degree to which they may be effectively enforced . (Filtered Words: 0)
We want to stimulate ideas from the bottom to the top of the Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] usually went alone and kept to himself , sitting in a corner and passing the time by nursing his favorite grudges . (Filtered Words: 1)
And he hasn't even got a knife on him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or maybe poling up the south fork of the Forked Deer River braving the wastes dumped in it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Alix and [FILTERED] on their wedding day . (Filtered Words: 1)
Beneath the dome I saw the spot where the Byzantine Emperors were crowned , a bit of floor protected now by a wooden fence . (Filtered Words: 0)
So it is that we relive his opening statement in the first television address with the dramatic immediacy of the present . (Filtered Words: 0)
( One big question : If [FILTERED] was to be purged , what should the House do about the other three senior Mississippians who supported the maverick electors ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
But there was no pressing need to maintain these same standards with regard to most of the rest of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
He trembled lest his piece should fail . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've never done this before '' , they always said , shaking their dresses down over their white shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Have a party an' leave 'em out , hon '' , he suggested . (Filtered Words: 0)
Greg pushed the radio button again . (Filtered Words: 0)
His face took on a sudden pallor , became beaded with sweat , and he seemed to have trouble with his breathing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The existence of conflict and of vigorous union demand for an increase in money wages does not contradict the assumption that the union is willing to settle for cost-of-living and productivity-share increases as distinct from a cost-raising increase in the basic wage rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wife , Amra , and her lover are both savagely portrayed , she as incarnate sensuality , `` voluptuous '' and `` indolent '' , possibly `` a mischief maker '' , with `` a kind of luxurious cunning '' to set against her apparent simplicity , her `` birdlike brain '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we were really going to do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , said the official . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is commendable that a regularly scheduled hour is set aside for an introduction to the contemporary musical scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
The story of a quarter of a century of Soviet-Western relations is vitally important , and it is told with the fire of a first-rate historical narrator . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pathetic evidence is no longer before us ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] shrugged and ignored him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The first incident occurred before the trial got under way when Judge [FILTERED] told the jury panel he had heard reports of jury-tampering efforts . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Always '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As I have said , words from Tennyson remain ever in my memory : `` That mind and soul , according well , May make one music as before '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it also made him conspicuous to the enemy , if it was the enemy , and he hadn't been spotted already . (Filtered Words: 0)
class 1 , -- B stations are protected at night to their 0.5-mv./m. 50-percent time skywave contours against cochannel interference . (Filtered Words: 0)
It appears in a form that is admirably suited to the powers of the digital computer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately , there is a nursery school which he has been able to attend , with a group of normal children . (Filtered Words: 0)
States which provide automobiles for employees assign them variously to the agency , the individual , or to a central pool . (Filtered Words: 0)
This saleslady was a failure in the dress department and was transferred to the shoe department . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heidenstam wrote four other works of fiction about earlier figures revered in Swedish memory . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has not been any great mental effort on my part to keep up with this mechanization which has brought about new ways of dialing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 1958 town meeting directed town authorities to seek federal and state funds with which to conduct a preliminary survey of a proposed sewage plant with its attendant facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
I let up on the accelerator , only to gradually reach again the 60 m.p.h. which would , I hoped , overhaul [FILTERED] and the blonde , and as there were cars whose drivers apparently had something more important to catch than had I , Mrs. [FILTERED] settled down to practicing on Corporal [FILTERED] the kittenish wiles she would need when making her duty call on Colonel and Mrs. [FILTERED] in Sante Fe . (Filtered Words: 4)
For nearly a century the cry has never failed to rally the fighting men of the regiment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The principal theme of [FILTERED]'s poetry was the ambivalence of birth and death -- the pain of blood-stained creation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gladden had been the target of threatening telephone calls in recent months and reportedly received one last night . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here again we run into the roadblock that Negroes do not like to be designated as Negroes in the press . (Filtered Words: 0)
It probably will be necessary to install an outside antenna , particularly to receive CONELRAD broadcasts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Slipping her hand in his , they silently watched the Burnsides make the bend in the road and disappear from sight . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Both of you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having the deepest of maternal instincts , my heart fairly bled when I thought of the darling pink and white `` bundles from heaven '' I would have proudly given my husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , let's see . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next morning the Caravan was out of the treacherous Bay . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the guy what always goofed at Question Time . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can get year-'round air conditioners in the same variety of styles in which you buy a furnace alone -- high or low boy , horizontal or counterflow . (Filtered Words: 0)
They talked and wrote much about the elemental functions of the body . (Filtered Words: 0)
Human birth was no novelty to Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
As construction progresses , the volume of storm drainage will be sharply reduced . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the retailer and hotelman's downtown unit sales have been decreasing , however , his dollar volume continues to rise , and it is dollars which you put in the bank . (Filtered Words: 0)
The range of the later poetry is considerably narrower , but the number of successful poems is far greater . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of this pass , the table indicates which index words and electronic switches are not available for assignment to symbolic references . (Filtered Words: 0)
The front part of my head was called a face , and I could talk with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kinda like a zombie ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Duties of Church Membership ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Only this time around the conditions are different and the choice is far harder . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , there are photographs of suspended drops of cyclohexanol phthalate ( viscosity 155 poises ) suspended in corn syrup of 71 poises in a paper by Mason and Bartok . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the old story . (Filtered Words: 0)
The best chance , of course , is offered by gently sloping terrain where the water remains close to the surface and where the air is dry , so that a high evaporation leaves salty deposits which permit only sparse plant growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
A single measurement of the spin - spin relaxation time Af was obtained at 10 Mc/sec by pulse methods . (Filtered Words: 0)
With most of his mind he was happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another , longer strip of tinsel whipped his mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Estimate the value of the produce at normal prices . (Filtered Words: 0)
Equipment (Filtered Words: 0)
My last impression as they led him off to a stockade was of his pale face (Filtered Words: 0)
He mused aloud . (Filtered Words: 0)
The system well understands that one of its primary responsibilities is to bring children and books together ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Isn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He swore so loudly at the top of his voice , that she didn't get any sleep all the next night . (Filtered Words: 0)
We use the term `` bio-medicine '' because of the close interrelation between biology and medical research . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , if the Orioles are to improve , Brandt , Triandos and Walker will have to do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the bare floorboards a man lay face down . (Filtered Words: 0)
But by comparison with the railroad , the motor car is a relatively new object of popular worship , so it is too much to hope that it may be brought within the bounds of civilized usage quickly and easily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the inner functions of religion are not of direct significance in social organization , they have important indirect consequences . (Filtered Words: 0)
Violence always made him tired , but he was not frightened . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You must have been good at history at school . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked out through windowpanes turned a faint violet by sun and weather , looked out at King's Bridge toward [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
This one was set up here in 390 A.D. on a pedestal , the faces of which are carved with statues of the emperor and his family watching games in the Hippodrome , done so realistically that the obelisk itself is included in them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though now complete , the publication is included in this directory because of its importance and because of the long-term nature of its preparation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a historian , with the great merit of a historian's long view . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was secured by an oversized padlock . (Filtered Words: 0)
A vigorous program existed in skiing , skating sports and overnight hiking . (Filtered Words: 0)
They will be accepted at all branches of the Bay View Federal Savings and Loan Association , at a collection center in the center of the Stonestown mall , and at the Junior Museum , 16th Street and Roosevelt Way . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man can be an effective fighting machine throughout the incubation period of most infectious diseases . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This harbor is a bomber's paradise '' , the Britisher had said with frank grimness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Considering only these Fridays , what is the probability that the coach had drivers all 3 times ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World -- the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated -- the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America -- the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , [FILTERED] , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , [FILTERED] -- the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art -- the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . (Filtered Words: 2)
He said , `` That may be , but it isn't authentic the way readers think . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unit prices for state vehicles are invariably lower than to the general public . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` positive state '' came into existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
When this and other units combined to form the present group , it was taken on as a continuing fund-raiser . (Filtered Words: 0)
but I liked to think of him at ninety swimming and working at Key West long after [FILTERED] had moved to Cuba . (Filtered Words: 1)
I turned left too soon and got a signal showing that I was still behind him but he was to the right . (Filtered Words: 0)
This does not mean , though , that a red wine improves with prolonged aeration : there is a reasonable limit -- and wines kept over to the next meal or the next day , after they have once been opened , are never as good . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt lonely and depressed as I packed my bags at the Croydon Hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
They strained forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
Readers interested in additional information on foams are referred to the Foamed Plastics Chart appearing in the Technical Data section and to the list of references which appears below . (Filtered Words: 0)
second chance (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon , very soon now (Filtered Words: 0)
They would feel what [FILTERED] was undergoing . (Filtered Words: 1)
The number of primitive ideas in systematically-simple theories is reduced to a minimum . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brewers today use corn , rice , and malted barley . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second reason for being concerned with the dichotomy between faculty members who are part of the `` in-group '' that owns and operates the institution and those who are merely paid employees , is , therefore , the baneful effect on the caliber of the teaching itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there's one thing I never seen or heard of , one thing I just don't think there is , and that's a sportin' way o' killin' a man '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The growing communications needs of this new State can best be met , as they have in other States , through the operation and development of such facilities by private enterprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
In its propagandistic and commercial haste to discover our folk heritage , the public has remained ignorant of definitions such as this . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adolescents have a much-discussed tendency to polarize ideas and values , to perceive things as `` either-or '' , black or white -- nuances of meaning are relatively unimportant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Russia has showed its intentions by exploding bombs in peace time to try to frighten the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Suppose you tell me the real reason '' , he drawled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not included was the value of seed oil in paints and varnishes or the value of the coffee and chocolate industries that are based on imported seed or seed products . (Filtered Words: 0)
I start growing rapidly and this calcium atom grows along with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
There appeared to be no difference in the distribution of anti-A and anti-B activity in group O serum , though in two group O donors ( [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] ) only one type of agglutinin was found in the regions of low anionic binding capacity ( Figs. 1 and 2 ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
( What other purpose could a striking union have but to interrupt the flow of commerce from the struck enterprise ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , sir '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] mentioned [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
that is , until I became an editor , hence , in his eyes , a rival . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything's on the table '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' thick and 1'' '' dia. fitted on a 1/8'' '' dia. mandrel . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , no , no . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guests will wear costumes typical of the Chisholm Trail Days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Insurance (Filtered Words: 0)
Time to become afraid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since little is known about autism , and almost nothing has been written for the layman , we'd like to share one experienced mother's comments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , no-o ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hesperus and [FILTERED] '' , [FILTERED] said , `` show that we do '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
We now have certain squares with three corners on C . (Filtered Words: 0)
foamed refrigerator insulation is under intensive evaluation by every major manufacturer ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Services tomorrow (Filtered Words: 0)
His statements about sports and exercises of a physical nature are suggestive , but inconclusive . (Filtered Words: 0)
The above discussion does not mean to imply that control factors were completely in abeyance in the Kohnstamm-positive subjects ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They are made of gold and covered with emeralds , pearls and other jewels . (Filtered Words: 0)
Entries increasing -- requirements raised (Filtered Words: 0)
Her debut over , perhaps the earlier scenes will emerge equally fine . (Filtered Words: 0)
I intend to include under the term all the practical courses open to boys and girls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Refunds of less than $1 will not be made unless you attach a separate application to your return requesting such a refund . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their stupidity and arrogance they believe they are called upon to remind the gentile continually of pogroms and ghettos . (Filtered Words: 0)
This should not prejudice an evaluation of his findings , but they were not the findings of a completely impartial investigator . (Filtered Words: 0)
The depersonalization continued as the dancer was further metamorphosed by the play of lights upon his figure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where we end our journey is always the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trouble was that he had virtually had to protest . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is what [FILTERED] did . (Filtered Words: 1)
They killed Big Charlie , dumped his body in my rose garden two nights ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
In September 1817 at Fort Daer ( Pembina ) Dickson met the noble lord whom , with the help of a band of Sioux , he escorted to Prairie [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
And a very young one , Swan Necklace , tried to emulate them and followed timidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
resolution limitations in a single stage (Filtered Words: 0)
As his feet slowed , he felt ashamed of the panic and resolved to make a stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
The molecular forces holding the coating to the substrate are obviously greater than the cohesive strength of the coating and failure occurs by shear along a plane starting at the tip of the knife and extending to the coating surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is sufficiently small compared with the surface temperature of the anode holder , to make the energy flux radiated from the environment toward the anode holder negligible within the accuracy of the present measurements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wasn't it adult and realistic to look at it that way ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No , the man was not drunk (Filtered Words: 0)
Since civilizational change is the most difficult to perceive and analyze , it seldom is given adequate attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
They knew that I was still grieving over the tragic event , and they felt that if I could see the recovery and the spirit of the people , who hold no grudge , but who also regret Pearl Harbor , I would be happier and would understand better a new Japan . (Filtered Words: 0)
not whether it should be done . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hudson's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the Thames . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Whiskey still , my foot '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thornburg popped in to advise , `` Andy , Skolman's sending up smoke signals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Worse , his present crew included five men who had sailed with him before . (Filtered Words: 0)
here we find stored the wisdom of great minds . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He didn't '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A flash illumined the trees as a crooked bolt twigged in several directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Mr. [FILTERED] does not go straight to any point . (Filtered Words: 1)
As artists we feel the same obligation , as do other individuals , in considering ourselves responsible citizens of a great nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the algae began to build up again , the effluent BOD rose . (Filtered Words: 0)
in conducting the Membership Preparation-Inquirers' Class , the pastor should plan a variety of teaching techniques in order to develop greater interest on the part of the class . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's not precisely the way [FILTERED] urges them to look at it , though . (Filtered Words: 1)
Future commencements were more decorous perhaps , but the number of graduates increased from the original four at a relatively slow pace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bonn , Oct. 24 ( UPI ) (Filtered Words: 0)
As for the author of the Englishman , Mrs. [FILTERED] sarcastically deplores that the sole defense of the Protestant cause should be left to `` [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and their Associates , with the Apostles of Young Man's Coffee-House '' . (Filtered Words: 3)
Their experience is quite in contrast with that of children of upper- and upper-middle-class native-born parents , who are more likely to regard education as good for its own sake and to discount the vocational emphases in the curriculum . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' , she said , almost in a whisper , as if admitting to a crime . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is their job to think about the unthinkable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Estimated production costs of radiation energy from machine and nuclide sources range from $1 to $10 per Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
He forgot about A-Z till , unhappily , he and Hamrick were proved correct . (Filtered Words: 0)
Holiness without which no man will see God . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was one more reason she didn't look forward to [FILTERED]'s visit , short or long ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Her house stood on a rise of ground , and before she got into her car she looked at the houses below . (Filtered Words: 0)
after a snowstorm a landscape smelling `` of woodsmoke and clarity '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But once I was alone again , driving to the hospital , the heaviness returned . (Filtered Words: 0)
It consists in saying , ' That would be sending the goat to look after the cabbage . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Negro-appeal radio is more important to the Negro today , because it provides a direct and powerful mirror in which the Negro can hear and see his ambitions , achievements and desires . (Filtered Words: 0)
These differences in turn result from the fact that my Yokuts vocabularies were built up of terms selected mainly to insure unambiguity of English meaning between illiterate informants and myself , within a compact and uniform territorial area , but that Hoijer's vocabulary is based on Swadesh's second glottochronological list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said the matter was urgent . (Filtered Words: 0)
How quaint it all seemed the next day . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mean-square end-to-end distance of the polyisobutylene chain has been calculated in reasonable agreement with values deduced from viscosity data . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scribe a line across the bar on the other end of the tappet , 1/4'' '' plus half the diameter of the 2-56 screw head ( about 5/64'' '' ) away from the frame edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
A summary of meteorite data , prepared by Whipple ( 1958 ) on the basis of photographic , visual , and radar evidence , is given in Table 5-1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the very week of our war against Katanga , we make a $133 million grant to [FILTERED] , who has just declared his solidarity with the Communist bloc , and is busily turning his own country into a totalitarian dictatorship . (Filtered Words: 1)
I settled it tonight '' , he continued . (Filtered Words: 0)
Treatment of the conjugates with ethyl acetate , and the conjugates ( which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride ) with mouse liver powder , sweet clover crown gall tissue powder , or healthy sweet clover proteins did not satisfactorily remove nonspecifically staining substances in the conjugates . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ship's compass was useless because of the nearness of the magnetic North Pole . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
They whirled and saw him , standing there dim in the slatted light from the boarded freight wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Broncs did hit two quick strikes in the final period against the Texans , but Dallas had enough of a lead to hold them off . (Filtered Words: 0)
The casual seduction of a seventeen-year-old bluestocking seemed tame by comparison . (Filtered Words: 0)
I insisted on takeing the field and prevailed -- thinking that I had better die by rebel bullets than ( by ) Union quackery '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
With every leaping stride of the horse beneath him he crossed one more patch of earth that had been his , that he would never see again . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The dead beasties . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's a walk there that goes out to Quebec Drive . (Filtered Words: 0)
I worked for my [FILTERED] ( an [FILTERED] by marriage so you will not think this has a mild undercurrent of incest ) who ran one of those antique shops in New Orleans' Vieux Carre , the old French Quarter . (Filtered Words: 2)
As he drove home through the thinning traffic , [FILTERED] felt the unease growing . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , it was virtually impossible to screen the mob outside , even if [FILTERED] had manpower available for the purpose . (Filtered Words: 1)
One of the important aspects of this study was to determine the oxygen transfer relationships of the mechanical aerator . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the thirties we would not face our enemy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
as if the coating of sweat , dirt , and ashes were a cosmetic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the others will swallow their $.50 to $3 charge rather than lose a good customer . (Filtered Words: 0)
DeKalb budget shows county is on beam (Filtered Words: 0)
Every morning early , in the summer , we searched the trunks of the trees as high as we could reach for the locust shells , carefully detached their hooked claws from the bark where they hung , and stabled them , a weird faery herd , in an angle between the high roots of the tulip tree , where no grass grew in the dense shade . (Filtered Words: 0)
While talking with [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] appeared , both heavily armed , and after watching the house for a while , rode away . (Filtered Words: 3)
In short , it was centered around learning how to develop a more sensitive empathy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is hard not to lay most of the blame for their failures on the pope . (Filtered Words: 0)
During his aggressive campaign to win his present position , Mr. [FILTERED] was vitriolic about this country's `` prestige '' abroad . (Filtered Words: 1)
the objective of this chapter is to clarify the distinctions between spontaneity theory and other training concepts . (Filtered Words: 0)
All samples were tested by both the saline and albumin methods . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all of Palfrey's slaves were aboard the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Part of it was the weather , so foggy it would take me twice as long to get to the hospital . (Filtered Words: 0)
This means much to the American tradition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Serious , yes , but also much laughter . (Filtered Words: 0)
In short , he is constantly concerned with the ethical effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here are the brands ( in alphabetical order ) and the new models . (Filtered Words: 0)
They're followed by the front and rear bulkheads as illustrated . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll shoot the first man who doesn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than 50% of all lumber is unitized ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
These strengths are considered adequate to meet the essential roles and missions of the reserves in support of our national security objectives . (Filtered Words: 0)
About now he's probably having supper . (Filtered Words: 0)
he sometimes called them `` an expiation '' , and he would not allow them to be published in periodicals . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would seem that the wheel had turned full circle . (Filtered Words: 0)
The games were over , this was life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boating (Filtered Words: 0)
This was a slow and difficult course , and French trade suffered from the many mistakes of the new group of traders . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't remember any overalls at all '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , you can submit a requisition for a miracle if you want to make a fool of yourself . (Filtered Words: 0)
) The House , which had passed its smaller appropriation before the President's urgent call for more , was expected to go along with the increased defense budget in short order . (Filtered Words: 0)
Metabolite 1 , isolated from the medium , however , showed a lower specific activity , which indicates endogenous synthesis of this metabolite . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has designed a matching backdrop and costumes of points of color on white for Mr. [FILTERED]'s Summerspace , so that dancers and background merge into a shimmering unity . (Filtered Words: 1)
External aid can only be marginal , although the margin , as in the case of the [FILTERED] plan , can be decisive . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the age of ten , when he was working as a newsboy in the Loop , he was knocked down by a streetcar which resulted in his permanently shortened leg . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even Mr. [FILTERED] himself seems uncertain on this score . (Filtered Words: 1)
The decking is quarter-inch mahogany marine plywood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cows were kept in backyard barns , boys were hired to drive them to and from the pasture on the edge of town , and familiar to the ear , morning and evening , were the boys' coaxing voices , the thud of hooves , and the thwack of a stick on cowhide . (Filtered Words: 0)
The monitoring is the highest and most restrictive of any organization in existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] culminates the Southern legend perhaps more masterfully than it has ever been , or could ever be , done . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her heart was thumping painfully ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
With respect to Article 2 , , Paragraph 1 ( A ) of the Agreement : ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Du Pont's counterproposal was filed on May 14 , 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's my dryin' out time '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This changes the formula to an `` equation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Changing his clothes upstairs ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
-- of new members through the Advisory Board . (Filtered Words: 0)
Closed doors in city hall (Filtered Words: 0)
Our pitching is much better than it has shown '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're a sweetheart -- but leave one line open . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the conditions of the pool was a prohibition upon the withholding of patent rights among A.L.A.M. members . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arlen , too , worked on other projects at the same time with old friend [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But Arger never was able to produce it , so I cut him off my payroll '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion seeks to satisfy human needs of great pertinence . (Filtered Words: 0)
A busy president , conversant with a problem and its ramifications and beset by pressures to meet deadlines , tends naturally to assume that others must be as familiar with a problem as he is . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hogan got down from the saddle and had a look inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Awkwardly and laboriously , in stiff , unemotional phrases , the soldiers continue to bridge the distance between themselves and those they love ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , yearbook , and [FILTERED] , scrapbook . (Filtered Words: 2)
The ambulance is drawn by two `` charming '' little horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was said that he had had a vision . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was what they said before every performance but tonight it sounded different , as if he really needed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
the author possesses an uncommonly fine English style , and he is dealing with subjects of vast importance that are highly topical for our time . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was established in a couple of buildings in the shopping district , with only a few professors , but all eminent men , and a few hundred eager students housed in nearby dwellings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides Francesca , there was Blanche . (Filtered Words: 0)
The blue rug was suspiciously bright and new . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's get out of here '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
At least I should like them to know that I know these discounts are being made . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , let us realize that whatever good this set-up achieved in earlier times , now the corporation per se cannot take economic leadership . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Cunard line , influenced by unpleasant economic facts and not sentiment , has decided to keep the Queen Mary in service until next Spring at least . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will the view be something you can live with ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Recognizing that there could have been no effective negotiated peace with [FILTERED] , he points out the shocking failure to give support to the anti-Nazi underground , which very nearly eliminated [FILTERED] in 1944 . (Filtered Words: 2)
The King accepted the surrender and fixed the compensation of the company at 1,450,000 livres . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
At these times he felt a kind of pain in his upper chest , but it was an objective pain , in no way different from others in intensity and not different in kind ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the conclusions he draws from the findings are not always the only ones possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well Jesus '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Credit requirements (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You know , this hits in many areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of the problems attacked would be fatigue and emotional tension , since action relieves both . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , he can hardly avoid musing on the instability of death which , what with exhumations and rehabilitations , seems to match that of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some renditions are of symphonic dimensions , with the contrabass given free rein . (Filtered Words: 0)
But then it is immediate that Af , i.e. , that **ya is in the range of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
As Origen interprets the end of history on the basis of its beginning , so Irenaeus portrays the story of Adam on the basis of the story of Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw `` Fiorello ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It wants to interest builders and oil companies in the idea of including its facility in their new home projects , by financing and installing the storage , piping and meters , and leasing these for 15 years , with renewal options , to a strong oil company . (Filtered Words: 0)
This has been a working session of an organization that , by its very nature , can only proceed along its route step by step and without dramatic changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
That , I smarted , is a royal rebuff if ever there was one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Halfway up the staircase she stopped and sat down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now consider an arbitrary line , l , meeting Q in two points , Af and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The extrapolation may be in error for several reasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was supposed to be in court this afternoon , at City Hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Atomic physics (Filtered Words: 0)
Piepsam is grotesque , a disturbing parody ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Red , come along . (Filtered Words: 0)
The West had long since forgotten the events of 1919 , but it was not so easy for the Red leaders , who felt that they had suffered great injustice in that period . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was used for the addresses outside the Pacific Northwest . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the railroads , for example , regularly slaughtered 25,000 passengers each year , the high priests of the cult would have cause to tremble for their personal safety , for such a holocaust would excite demands for the hanging of every railroad president in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
The grave , about half-way between his home and the blue turrets of a small church , rose above the forms and spaces of gently undisciplined pastures of green , the sounds of birds , the silence of other graves and the casual paths through small forests . (Filtered Words: 0)
You should -- smack ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
That evening turned out to be hell like all the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
The name `` alkali bee '' indicates that one has to look for them in rather inhospitable places . (Filtered Words: 0)
This had never been done before . (Filtered Words: 0)
His life-long friend , [FILTERED] , gave unreservedly of his praise and brilliant performances in Boston , New York , and Washington , D.C. , , to which he added broadcastings and recordings for the whole nation . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Uh huh . (Filtered Words: 0)
Straightening up , his eyes ablaze , he held out the battered Stetson . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some Manhattan examples : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Excuse me '' , he said abruptly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The meeting broke up . (Filtered Words: 0)
The words were hollow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Often it is thin and fragile and gives way readily to the male organ at the first attempt at intercourse . (Filtered Words: 0)
I kept circling the block hoping to see , from the street behind it , the rear of the hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
An inquest was held , and after a good deal of testimony about the anonymous notes , the county coroner estimated that the shooting had been done from a distance of 300 yards . (Filtered Words: 0)
I shuddered and backed out of the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Rummaging in the dew '' , said [FILTERED] coldly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rector had no idea why [FILTERED] wanted to visit the mission . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gavin sighed bitterly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , detergents are used . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the deceased '' , Moore said , slipping me his smug , idiot-grin again . (Filtered Words: 1)
He could not recognize it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sales and net income for the year ended December 31 , 1960 showed an improvement over 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It is a much easier course to agree to let one another alone so far as ordinary patents are concerned '' , said a trade authority , `` than to continue the costly effort of straightening the tangle in the courts or seeking to reform the patent system , which appears to be getting into deeper confusion every day '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] construed this as a veiled effort by Parkhouse to help Dallas and other large cities get money which [FILTERED] felt could better be spent providing water for rural Texas . (Filtered Words: 2)
And so , let us remember on this day not only to thank the Almighty Who gave hope and courage to the Pilgrims , but also to place our trust in Him that He will continue to protect us in the future as He has in the past . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not a bit '' , I said , `` but she's keeping her figure in hand '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
his tragedy seems unworthy and trivial . (Filtered Words: 0)
For irradiation of food , the results obtained depend upon the dose rather than the specific type of radiation , and X-ray , gamma , and high-energy electron radiation are suitable . (Filtered Words: 0)
This process neither satisfied the urgent production schedules nor Mr. [FILTERED]'s imagination of the possibilities in the situation . (Filtered Words: 1)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
Fat bottles , such as [FILTERED] , have a way of rolling around in the bin and often need little props , such as a bit of cardboard or a chip of wood , to hold them in the proper reclining posture . (Filtered Words: 1)
And , if we follow the [FILTERED] pattern , as consciously or by an instinctual political sense I like to think I have followed it , then the very nature of our loyalty to our own immediate areas must necessarily be reflected in the devotion of our services to our country . (Filtered Words: 1)
But there was no need for [FILTERED] to go on , since all she wanted in life was to make a home for [FILTERED] and ( blushing ) raise his children . (Filtered Words: 2)
If you want to fight , go down on the sidewalk '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , as we have seen , in later childhood the child begins to substitute the standards of the peer group for those of parents and teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Direct information has been obtained from rockets and satellites equipped with impact sensors . (Filtered Words: 0)
On arriving in Tokyo later we were met by [FILTERED] who took us immediately to her university , the Japanese Women's University . (Filtered Words: 1)
his deed was not below , but above the law '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I take over Taliesin , the first thing I'll do is fire you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plebian dictators (Filtered Words: 0)
And any sequence can not only change its positions in the work but can even be eliminated from it altogether . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel said , `` He asks for money '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By counting the number of stalls and urinals I attempted to form a loose estimate of how many men the hall would hold at one time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world , and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will , even when their affections are withheld . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suppose he did lie beside [FILTERED] , would it be permanent ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
After they had paid all his debts and the funeral costs , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had some fourteen thousand dollars , as I remember , with which to pay the bequests . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` According to Rose , he arrived here a couple minutes before nine and spotted Thor in the water , got a hooked pole from the pool-equipment locker and started hauling him out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it that they don't care ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Angelina stepped back , her eyes roaming the tray for omissions . (Filtered Words: 0)
At dinner one night , when he was fourteen , [FILTERED] announced , `` There is only one god '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Laos government plea for help was made by Foreign Minister [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
On his bookshelves were some of the latest American novels , including [FILTERED]'s Seize The Day , but he hadn't read them ( they were sent by American publishers ) and wasn't especially interested in what the American writers were up to . (Filtered Words: 1)
The bride , daughter of Rhodes [FILTERED] of Houston and the late Mrs. [FILTERED] , was president of [FILTERED] and a member of Mortar Board at Aj . (Filtered Words: 3)
When he showed this model as his `` solution '' as to how the Howe sewing machine operated , he was told he was `` wrong '' , and discovered to his amazement that the Howe Machine , which was unknown to him in detail , used two threads while the one that he had perfected used only one . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was in Egypt during the revolution and had passport difficulty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Potemkin's Army of Ekaterinoslav , totaling , it was claimed , 40,000 regular troops and 6,000 irregulars of the Cossack Corps , had invested Islam's principal stronghold on the north shore of the Black Sea , the fortress town of Oczakov , and was preparing to test the Turk by land and sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time , they had been lucky . (Filtered Words: 0)
The large amount of vegetable grindings from the grocery store in the shopping center created a suspended solids problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
This tends to create friction and confusion and has not made it easier for Secretary [FILTERED] to restore vigor and initiative among his subordinates . (Filtered Words: 1)
When cattle became more valuable , ranch owners frowned upon this practice and it was discontinued , at least when the boss was 'round . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Female troubles '' of various kinds do not seem to have been common on the frontier ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was blurred , after two hours of steady drinking , but the occasion of it came back to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
of heavy arms expenditures and constant danger of another world war had to ensue before the United States could bring itself to accept the two chief results of World War 2 , -- Communist control of East Europe and China -- a new balance of power . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't tell me about drunks . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked me . (Filtered Words: 1)
Among them will be [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 5)
In a saucepan put sufficient water to cover them , an equal amount of sugar , a sliced lemon , a tablespoonful of apricot preserve or jam , a pinch each of clove and nutmeg , and a large bay leaf . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outlook for entertainment electronics in 1961 is certainly far from clear at present , but recent surveys have shown a desire on the part of consumers to step up their buying plans for durable goods . (Filtered Words: 0)
Berlin is merely being used by Moscow as a stalking horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing looks anything like an [FILTERED] or an Arp but another [FILTERED] or Arp . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the German people favor such a settlement we should not oppose Germany following the example of Austria . (Filtered Words: 0)
That would be too much ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament -- the elected representatives -- at the expense of the more conservative judiciary . (Filtered Words: 0)
They ordered the raising of troops and obtained 75,000 livres with which to build forts . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was tall and dark-skinned , a half-breed , [FILTERED] thought . (Filtered Words: 1)
Start on hands and feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
A short report and a good one (Filtered Words: 0)
But before discussing it , I should like to record one vote of thanks to them for the clarity with which they have stated their case . (Filtered Words: 0)
Makes for confusion and congestion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , she dropped the keys on a small table beside the door and went upstairs to her bedroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
and poetry , with all its emphasis on the passions , encourages the audience to give way to emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tolerance and compromise , social justice and civil liberty , are today too often in short supply for one to be overly critical of [FILTERED]'s emphasis on their central place in the English tradition . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then the thought of a cloudless sky made him shiver , and he glanced upward . (Filtered Words: 0)
He peered at his wristwatch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her ostensible indifference to and rebellion against suggestions and criticisms by anyone except peer friends during adolescence are the manifestations , in her adolescence , of her having been indoctrinated in childhood to feel shame , if not guilt , for failing to behave in a manner acceptable to , and judged by , the performance of her nursery- and elementary-school peer friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , of course , results from the non-systematic , ' cellular ' character of [FILTERED] theory . (Filtered Words: 1)
There are many varieties of coolers and they serve many purposes . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have used a variety of heavy-weight hand-made papers , but prefer an English make , rough surface , in 400-pound weight . (Filtered Words: 0)
The information , he said , would have been of the highest value to a potential enemy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sunday he had added , `` We can love [FILTERED] the man , even if we considered him a mediocre president but there is nothing left of the Republican Party without his leadership '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
We come upon a rabbit that has been caught in one of the brutal traps in common use . (Filtered Words: 0)
These incidents , typical of many others , dramatize the distressing fact that no controversy during the last several decades has caused more tension , rancor and strife among religious groups in this country than the birth-control issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your 16 year old son earned $720 in 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He lived at 6124 [FILTERED]. . (Filtered Words: 1)
a billion peas would fill a small house from cellar to attic ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
neuropathology of nuclear and cosmic radiation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Navy's future involved (Filtered Words: 0)
It gives social guidance and direction and makes for programs of social action . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only area in which American boys hold their own is the baseball throw . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Whom God hath joined '' etcetera . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although it is constantly made to look foolish ( too simple to come in out of the rain , people say , who have found in the innocent an impediment ) , it does not mind looking foolish because it is not concerned with how it looks . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Air Force's , and the game's , final play , was a long pass by quarterback [FILTERED] which Gannon intercepted on his own 44 and returned 22 yards . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Where'd you come from , Mr. -- uh -- Mr. [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
She'd found one and she hadn't said a word while Big [FILTERED] and I had hunted and hunted as we always did all winter , every winter since the spring that [FILTERED] had come and I had looked in the privy and found the first one . (Filtered Words: 1)
He asked , trying to touch a part of her life [FILTERED] hadn't discussed ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Can't understand why the hell anyone wants to go inside that son-of-a-bitch place '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There ain't nobody askin' for your ticket stub , neither '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He waved at Fox to cut off the finale introduction . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he turned into the highway that led to the outskirts of the city and then rose toward home , he had to pull over to the curb and wait for a few minutes , sucking in air and squinting and blinking his eyes to clear them of tears . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's really all he's got , all he is . (Filtered Words: 0)
For exactly one week , she was able to continue in this manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
And just as domination today often begins with the wife , so the cure generally must lie with the husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , during the Sixties our national economy is likely to grow at as fast a rate as in the Fifties and , in the process , to require enormous amounts of capital funds . (Filtered Words: 0)
It isn't what the ideologist believes in , but what he hates , that puts the world in jeopardy . (Filtered Words: 0)
These observations about Hardy's productivity tally with the details of his life as we know them . (Filtered Words: 0)
You probably would not remember , since you never seemed to remember even the same moments as I , much less their intensity , one sunny midday on Fifth Avenue when you had set out with me for some final shopping less than a week before the wedding you staged for me with such reluctance at the Farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a little blood on the hem of her dress , for the assassin had slashed [FILTERED] companion , Major Rathbone , with a knife . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It doesn't matter , Rock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is there evidence of wash-outs on the property ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` To give up these notions required a revolution in thought '' , Mr. [FILTERED] said in reminiscing about the abrupt changes in ideas he experienced when he began reading `` Organic Gardening '' And `` Modern Nutrition '' in a search for help with his problems . (Filtered Words: 1)
as I understand it , Mr. [FILTERED] wanted outside advice . (Filtered Words: 1)
It seems to me the time has come for the American press to start experimenting with ways of reporting the news that will do a better job of communicating and will be less subject to abuse by those who have learned how to manipulate the present stereotype to serve their own ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first place , it was difficult for us to meet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thanks anyhow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reports [FILTERED] : `` By studying men on the job , we found that two men -- a carpenter and a helper -- can lay a floor faster than three . (Filtered Words: 1)
That was gonna be fun collecting ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Jubal couldn't reconstruct the crime from the way the girls behaved because patterns kept shifting -- ABC vs D , then BCD vs A or AB vs CD , or AD vs CB , through all ways that four women can gang up on each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
and in Brussels , street crowds shouted , `` Pas une goutte de sang ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He can't object to that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's a fact , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some will go around a corner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that I intentionally go unperceived , but the boulders up there are very high and I am a small woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
A sudden high rise in temperature will turn your pool poison green overnight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cautious feet stepping on leafmold ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He could even recall the last time he sat there . (Filtered Words: 0)
He liked to nip ear lobes of unsuspecting visitors with his needle-sharp teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cover ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the rather pleasant white city was on the hill where the chief stores were . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sommelier brought the wine first , a magnum instead of the bottle I had ordered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conventional images of Jews have this in common with all perceptions of a configuration in which one feature is held constant : images can be both true and false . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its ontological status is itself most tenuous because apart from individual men , who are its `` matter '' , tradition , the `` form '' of society exists only as a shared perception of truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The group known as the American Association for Health , , Physical Education , and Recreation ( a division of the National Education Association ) initiated a conference which brought together representatives of the National Rifle Association , SAAMI and the American Fishing Tackle Manufacturers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Situs of property . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some churches have six or more training sessions of two hours each , generally held on Sunday night or during the week . (Filtered Words: 0)
The radio emission of a planet was first detected in 1955 , when [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] ( 1955 ) identified the origin of interference-like radio noise on their records at about 15 meters wave length as emission from Jupiter . (Filtered Words: 2)
Fortunately , it is the FHA which has arrived at this conclusion , for it means that cooling equipment of all kinds may now be included in a mortgage , and thus acquired with a minimum of financial stress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon arriving at Baltimore , Selkirk on December 22 wrote to [FILTERED] , Secretary of State at Washington , inquiring about laws covering trade with `` Missouri and Illinois Territories '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No , I never did see his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Relative military manpower ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It makes no difference what part of the world is involved , what form of regime , what particular issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alley fences were made of solid boards higher than one's head , but not so high as the golden glow in a corner or the hollyhocks that grew in a line against them . (Filtered Words: 0)
His eyes boggled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe I could call [FILTERED] at the magazine [FILTERED] where he worked . (Filtered Words: 2)
The preservation of desirable balance between the athletic and academic programs of the College 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , you cannot '' , I said , pushing aside the water jar he offered to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
What does the general business outlook suggest about the trend of long-term rates in 1961 ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Social characteristics (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gee , neither do I '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no doubt that [FILTERED] meant every word of what he said . (Filtered Words: 1)
At present the doctor's main concern was in seeing to it that Japanese salvage firms were not permitted to operate on the hulks of warships sunk too close inshore , because the work involved setting off nerve-shattering blasts at all hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the first things he would do , he said , would be to organize classes in first aid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poor John '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( I ) (Filtered Words: 0)
the new people respond in kind by joining the church . (Filtered Words: 0)
By this procedure rinsing progresses in two stages , first by dilution until the time when the drains are separated and thereafter by displacement of the soil-bearing liquor by clean rinse water , since soiled liquor squeezed from the specimens at the nip passes directly to waste from the suds box drains . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Since the time-span of the nation-state coincides roughly with the separate existence of the United States as an independent entity , it is perhaps natural for Americans to think of the nation as representative of the highest form of order , something permanent and unchanging . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sturley wrote to [FILTERED] that Sir [FILTERED] `` gave his allowance and liking thereof , and affied unto us his best endeavour , so that his rights be preserved '' , and that `` Sir [FILTERED] saith we shall not be at any fault for money for prosecuting the cause , for himself will procure it and lay it down for us for the time '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
The data reported here are either from spectra from which the adsorbed water resonance could easily be eliminated or from spectra of samples evacuated and sealed off at 375-degrees-C which contain no adsorbed water . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last , sitting there , in the familiar surroundings , the truth began to sink in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly , in analyzing an action which truly faced such alternatives , `` it is never possible that no world would be preferable to some worlds , and there are in truth no circumstances in which the destruction of human life presents itself as a reasonable alternative '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Judge [FILTERED] was named chairman of the executive committee . (Filtered Words: 1)
Tibet has historically served China as a buffer state . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is simple enough , but several more points of interest may be mentioned as relevant . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it is to be noted also that confidence should grow from remembering that great men often appeared in the past to turn local catastrophe into future good for all mankind . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so , let us remember on this day not only to thank the Almighty Who gave hope and courage to the Pilgrims , but also to place our trust in Him that He will continue to protect us in the future as He has in the past . (Filtered Words: 0)
These assumptions lead to an organization with one man at the top , six directly under him , six under each of these , and so on until there are six levels of personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the present it is enough to note that in the grotesque figure of Jacoby , at the moment of his collapse , all these elements come together in prophetic parody . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is clear evidence that [FILTERED] from childhood had an unusual mind . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'll live to be 105 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many Northeners believe this , too , but few of them will say so publicly . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could operate under the clouds and perform infrared photography through clouds and at night . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly all can applaud passage of an auto title law , the school bills , the increase in teacher pensions , the ban on drag racing , acceptance by the state of responsibility for maintenance of state roads in municipalities at the same rate as outside city limits , repeal of the college age limit law and the road maintenance bond issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to these rules , [FILTERED] has added the following : 1 . (Filtered Words: 1)
But last week , when a reporter was standing near Mantle's locker , [FILTERED] walked up and volunteered an anecdote . (Filtered Words: 1)
He thought of her , the first one . (Filtered Words: 0)
We had stopped before a shop window to assess its autumnal display , when you suddenly turned to me , looking up from beneath one of your wrong hats , and with your nervous `` ahem '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This was Virginia . (Filtered Words: 0)
About five minutes later he jumped up , Slate said , and struck the two policemen again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather , such assignments are made , as they must be , on the basis of certain overall rules and standards , representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem , taking into account for each situation some of the variables ( e.g. , power and station separations ) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
She musta been walking in her sleep -- you seen her yourself in here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Faber's Choice ( Faber Hanover-Sally [FILTERED] ) 2:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Set aside to dry thoroughly . (Filtered Words: 0)
They have not been friendly for years '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` Nothing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The architects do not believe that the education of the interior designer is sufficiently good or sufficiently extended to compare with that of the architect and that , therefore , the interior designer is incapable of understanding the architectural principles involved in planning the interior of a building . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the gaming-card manufacturer said , his little pig eyes glaring . (Filtered Words: 1)
He mused aloud . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most intriguing aspect of the S & W Magnum chambered for the new Jet is that it can also fire standard (Filtered Words: 0)
The luminous gain of a single stage with Af ( flux gain ) is , to a first approximation , given by the product of the photocathode sensitivity [FILTERED] ( amp / lumen ) , the anode potential V ( volts ) , and the phosphor conversion efficiency P ( lumen/watt ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Occupational choices are also useful -- and interesting -- in bringing out clearly that values do not constitute the only component in goals and aspirations . (Filtered Words: 0)
These publications , written especially for the managers or owners of small businesses , indirectly aid in community development programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be painful , but interesting , to see what kind of a god these people will create or what strong convictions they will develop . (Filtered Words: 0)
They must be persuaded to adopt the other necessary self-help measures which are described in the preceding section . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sometimes we'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His proposal is opposed to that of [FILTERED] , Governor Rockefeller , past chairmen [FILTERED] and McCone of the Atomic Energy Commission , Dr. [FILTERED] and those others now enjoying their hour of triumph in the exacerbation of the cold war . (Filtered Words: 3)
National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] yelled . (Filtered Words: 1)
Olivetti took over Underwood , the U.S. typewriter maker , in late 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her Cousin Emma Carraway had written it , in her loose high old lady's script -- t's carefully crossed , but l's inclined to wobble like an old car on the downward slope . (Filtered Words: 0)
Georgia Republicans are getting strong encouragement to enter a candidate in the 1962 governor's race , a top official said Wednesday . (Filtered Words: 0)
When winter comes be ready with additional mulch . (Filtered Words: 0)
We'll walk up there later . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most valuable player award was split three ways , among [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
This exchange must result in our ending up with some effective units . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they could turn and escape to the east . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also the clerk appeared to disapprove of my frequent curious glances back over my shoulder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hudson's reply was to accuse the mate of disloyalty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sameness for the Old Man was framed in by a wall of ginkgo trees which divided these quarters from the city . (Filtered Words: 0)
That wasn't too far from Fifth Street , and should allow him to make Scotty's Bar by midnight . (Filtered Words: 0)
You just haven't got the heart for pro-ball , and that's it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why aren't the Soviets expelled from the U.N. ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He may welcome their appropriate participation in the determination of high policy , but he has a right to expect , in return , that they will leave administrative matters to the administration . (Filtered Words: 0)
By reminding ourselves of these factors in the situation , we should , I am sure , come to a fresh realization , however painful it be , that the battle between Parker and his neighbors was fought in earnest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tracking down Mrs. [FILTERED] was like trying to catch up with Paul Revere between Lexington and Concord . (Filtered Words: 1)
By political , economic , geographic and natural standards , they were justified in doing so . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They're drinking , aren't they '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The French were now occupying [FILTERED] and Flanders on the technical grounds that their rulers had forfeited them by a breach of the feudal contract . (Filtered Words: 1)
The man was tall , thin , with a narrow face and a too-large nose . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a stanch party man and a rabid Democrat , he had little tolerance for Whigs like Pike , and Pike lost any immediate personal advantage his victory over [FILTERED] might have gained him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of course he couldn't say much , really , because of [FILTERED] , but [FILTERED] could imagine what kind of woman his wife had been and what a raw deal he had got . (Filtered Words: 2)
In many societies , what we regard as corruption , favoritism , and personal influence are so accepted as consistent with the mores of officialdom and so integral a part of routine administrative practice that any attempt to force their elimination will be regarded by the local leadership as not only unwarranted but unfriendly . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the same , except that it was the murder of one man by two men and neither of us was wearing gloves . (Filtered Words: 0)
They cursed Him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exposure (Filtered Words: 0)
Aircraft are mighty expensive if you can use them only once . (Filtered Words: 0)
By limiting American strength too much to nuclear strength , this country limited its ability to fight any kind of war besides a nuclear war . (Filtered Words: 0)
The arrest of Mr. [FILTERED] marks the third charge of wrongdoing involving the jury that heard the case . (Filtered Words: 1)
O'Banion's reply was a raucous laugh and a flat refusal . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And it's all the more tragic because it's so little deserved '' , said Mr. [FILTERED] , a Belgian official of the United Nations Educational , Scientific , and Cultural Organization . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Mahayana that developed in the north was a religion of idolatry and coarse magic , that made the world into a huge magical garden . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it began raining at around eight o'clock on December 26th , I retired into my tent early , somewhat tired and discouraged , my body reacting sluggishly because of the continued exposure . (Filtered Words: 0)
What a patchwork of proclamations and renunciations ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
How much of an accident could that be '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Careful , don't disturb her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He started out as a stickman , then became a pit boss until the Club found him crossroading . (Filtered Words: 0)
Work on the roof continues in this way . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` overseas '' democracies have generally encouraged the European unification movement without seriously considering the wisdom of their own full participation in a broader Atlantic community . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was something of an understatement in a week when the underlying conflict between the West and Communism erupted on three fronts . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would challenge sharply not the cult of the motor car itself but some of its ancillary beliefs and practices -- for instance , the doctrine that the fulfillment of life consists in proceeding from hither to yon , not for any advantage to be gained by arrival but merely to avoid the cardinal sin of stasis , or , as it is generally termed , staying put . (Filtered Words: 0)
By rough estimate her Committee , headed by [FILTERED] , contains three times as many Republicans as Democrats . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up . (Filtered Words: 1)
He's wrong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Discussion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Report others held (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sat quietly watching the manager come nearer . (Filtered Words: 1)
His eyes burned feverishly . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt better Tuesday evening when I woke up . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] waited with slack arms . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every eye was on him as he began to speak . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] gave the slow movement some of the quality of a [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
He was fatherly in his handling of all subjects with me and tremendously wise in his counsel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hold your fire '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Content excited ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not want to bring the Andruses to the station house too early -- Rheinholdt had summoned a press conference , and he didn't want them subjected to the reporters again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the words fell into a pattern : `` [FILTERED] the Mutton is scratching her nose , Scratching her nose in the rain . (Filtered Words: 1)
The military in Taiwan believe that the Communists have made two mistakes , which , together , may prove fatal . (Filtered Words: 0)
This tube could be adjusted in its axial direction by an electric drive to establish the required electrode spacing . (Filtered Words: 0)
I may be wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
, the patient replied , `` Both , [FILTERED] -- two in one '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Let's face it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The emptier our hearts become , the greater will be our crimes . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was talk of dragging old ex-President Cleveland out of retirement for another try . (Filtered Words: 0)
Loan policies (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the same method of shaping and fitting the dogs and notches is used throughout , we will only describe the construction of one locking bar . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]' one horn of a downed steer into the ground to hold 'im down was called `` peggin' '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The following is a less extreme example of dependence . (Filtered Words: 0)
In that ownership of all vehicles rests with the state motor pool , cars are paid for with funds appropriated to the agencies but transferred to the rotary fund mentioned earlier . (Filtered Words: 0)
A generation ago there were plenty of people who appreciated antiques and fine reproductions . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the moment that [FILTERED] had first walked into the mission to ask for a job , any job -- his qualifications neatly written on a piece of paper in a precise hand -- he had been ready to become a Christian . (Filtered Words: 1)
Granted , the cosmological , philosophical , and cultural reverberations initiated by the De Revolutionibus were felt with increasing violence during the 300 years to follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] snorted and then laughed aloud . (Filtered Words: 1)
If `` [FILTERED] the Courtier '' is really to be taken as Swift , the following remark is obviously Steele's comment on Swift's change of parties and its effect on their friendship : `` I assure you , dear [FILTERED] , when I first found out such an Allay in you , as makes you of so malleable a Constitution , that you may be worked into any Form an Artificer pleases , I foresaw I should not enjoy your Favour much longer '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Interfaith conflicts which spring from psychological deficiencies are the most unfortunate of all , for they have no redeeming features whatsoever . (Filtered Words: 0)
But as the One who called you is holy , be you also holy in all your behavior ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The article presents the reader with an absurdity at its beginning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Regency -- Truman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who should be consulted among his colleagues in the Department or other departments and agencies of the Government ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and the preparation of the state development budget . (Filtered Words: 0)
I started to say something else appropriate , but the man had hung up . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Got no business over here on a stake-out anyway '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
auto , this one with a seven- or 12-shot clip . (Filtered Words: 0)
To bring warmth to the dining area , golden orange tones are used in the fabrics . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was [FILTERED] , working through Provost Marshal Enoch Crowder and Major [FILTERED] ( `` Old Ironpants '' ) [FILTERED] , who arranged for a secret printing by the million of selective service blanks -- again before the Act was passed -- until corridors in the Government Printing Office were full and the basement of the Washington Post Office was stacked to the ceiling . (Filtered Words: 3)
Manual leveling is inconvenient if the platform must be maintained accurately level for any prolonged period of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The military in Taiwan believe that the Communists have made two mistakes , which , together , may prove fatal . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the first half of October the Blue Ridge and other parts of the Appalachians provide a spectacle stretching from Maryland and West Virginia to Georgia . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not imagine a flower's being brave enough to grow beside [FILTERED] , Larkspur , and the rest . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Tic-Tac-Toe trio is the club's new show group which also plays for dancing . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , kindled by his kiss , his caressing hand , her desire was aflame . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Shann's own report , [FILTERED] reflected , describes the encounter as `` immoderate '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A special guard was posted at my end of the bridge to make sure I didn't cross , the ludicrousness of the situation being revealed fully in that everyone else -- men , women , and children , dogs , cats , horses , cars , trucks , baby carriages -- could cross [FILTERED] bridge into [FILTERED] without surveillance . (Filtered Words: 1)
Drought , hail , disease , and insects take their toll of crops . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was very rude . (Filtered Words: 0)
The strongest appeal of the Copernican formulation consisted in just this : ideally , the justification for dealing with special problems in particular ways is completely set out in the basic ' rules ' of the theory . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
A prime objective of the Army Quartermaster Corps program is to find the reasons for beef's low palatability and means of overcoming it , since it is a major and desirable dietary item . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hydroxazine hydrochloride . (Filtered Words: 0)
But under the direction of Mira Ziminska-Sygietynska , who with her late husband founded the organization in 1948 , it has all been put into theatrical form , treated selectively , choreographed specifically for presentation to spectators , and performed altogether professionally . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , president and voting stockholder of [FILTERED] and Co. , Beverly Hills , has been active in the securities business since 1925 . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'm angry '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I was deeply moved by his letter of resignation as rector of St. Luke's Church in Atlanta . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experiments are often composed of several identical trials , and sometimes experiments themselves are repeated . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had forgotten that she was so pretty . (Filtered Words: 0)
The death of a man is unique , and yet it is universal . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not now '' , Wilson said . (Filtered Words: 0)
A row of mailboxes along the wall had numbers and names on them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lincoln saw that the act of secession made the issue for the Union a vital one : Whether it was a Union of sovereign citizens that should continue to live , or an association of sovereign states that must fall prey either to `` anarchy or despotism '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , too , is the mathematical competence of a college graduate who has majored in mathematics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Zodiacal light and the gegenschein give some evidence for such a dust blanket , a phenomenon also to be expected if the dust before capture is in circular orbits about the sun , as indicated by the trend of the smaller visible meteors . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Through a door conveniently unlocked '' , [FILTERED] supplemented . (Filtered Words: 1)
The study of ideas in literature is one of these . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sex as the creative principle of the universe , the secret of primitive religion , the life of myth . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been a corps commander during the disastrous defeat and retreat of 1942 when the ill-prepared , ill-equipped British forces `` were outmaneuvered , outfought and outgeneraled '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And determined not to show it . (Filtered Words: 0)
I shuddered and backed out of the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
With difficulty , [FILTERED] persuaded him to rejoin the ship , and they sailed from Iceland . (Filtered Words: 1)
Travel allowances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unhappily , `` Heaven Has No Favorites '' does not alter the record except to add one more bad book to the list . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost from that day , until his death , [FILTERED] was to stay at his side ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
A car pulled into the driveway outside the window . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ironically no president we have had would have regretted more than President [FILTERED] the possibility to which his own words , in the press conference held at the beginning of August , testified : that unable as he was himself to say his running was best for the country , unconsciously he had placed his party before his nation . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] paused . (Filtered Words: 1)
The compression ratio is 10 to 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , it's just possible she might know something about Mrs. [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was big-chested , big-shouldered and heavy-armed . (Filtered Words: 0)
For those who `` like poetry but never get around to reading it '' , the Library of Congress makes it possible for poets to be heard reading their own work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some 30 spectators remained in the court during the day and were on hand to hear the verdict read . (Filtered Words: 0)
and with sober purpose , because the development of Prokofieff personifies , in many ways , the course of music in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics . (Filtered Words: 0)
From here on in , the less [FILTERED] and I were seen together in public , or visited one another's rooms , the better . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was the revolution in Tibet which we pretended did not exist . (Filtered Words: 0)
You drive on and circle back and pull up beside them parked there . (Filtered Words: 0)
They can hire a horse and go ski-joring behind him , or move out to Oak Hill , where there's a lift . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus committed , action might follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Compression ratio (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is no use . (Filtered Words: 0)
of a more alive time . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have 2,500 such projects , and they add up to a lot more than just roads and wells and schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of straight dramas , there are All The Way Home , which owes much of its poetic power to the James Agee novel , A Death In The Family ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One who needed no such threats was a French financier . (Filtered Words: 0)
She also was the original GOP national committeewoman from New Jersey in the early 1920s following adoption of the women's suffrage amendment . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is not only a trained mathematician and Classicist , but a good architect . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's big business (Filtered Words: 0)
We met some charming Athenians , and among them our chauffeur Panyotis ranked high . (Filtered Words: 0)
The basis for compost materials already existed on the school farm with a stable of animals for the riding program , poultry for eggs , pigs to eat garbage , a beef herd and wastes of all kinds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Forty years ago an English writer , [FILTERED] , dealt with this subject in Eddies of the Day , and said , as an example , that ' Saint George for Merry England ' would not start a spirit half so quickly as ' Strike frog-eating Frenchmen dead ' '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Different sampling ratios were applied under different conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stared stonily at the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the details of the elections were settled the change of government had no direct effect on the technical aspects of the elections , and may have been more important as an indication of royal displeasure with the U.N.F.P. (Filtered Words: 0)
Apart from the honeybee , practically all bees and bumblebees hibernate in a state of torpor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Construction follows a thorough study of the drawings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor have we remembered that in the melting pot of America the hundreds of isolated and semi-isolated ethnic , regional and occupational groups did not fuse into a homogeneous national unit until long after education and industrialization had caused them to cast oral tradition aside as a means of carrying culturally significant material . (Filtered Words: 0)
If and when [FILTERED] decided to tell him about his experiences , he would do so unasked . (Filtered Words: 1)
Probably a lawyer once said it best for all time in the Supreme Court of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feeling protective toward this sleeping being , Henrietta found a yesterday bun and milk in a white jug , a breakfast which was somewhat the equivalent of going barefoot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Directly opposite is the emperor's door , through which they entered the building . (Filtered Words: 0)
the facet of muscular development that wins prizes . (Filtered Words: 0)
With no company to interfere , he kept close control over all the traders . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , awarded a Nobel prize for his South African integration struggles , has to get permission to fly to collect his honor . (Filtered Words: 1)
His second conclusion , on semantic word classes , agrees with mine . (Filtered Words: 0)
What can they do if they find them '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His esoteric chartings of the voice alert the therapist to areas where deeper probing may bring to light underlying psychological difficulties , making them apparent first to the therapist and eventually to the patient . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's more than a reader of outdoor articles ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And most of the great periods are represented , because we will compare [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] from the golden age of Greece ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
The gunman nodded , slipping the picture into his breast pocket , saying nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
I also had and have feelings about [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
One of my private patients was being admitted and I went in to see her settled . (Filtered Words: 0)
His voice grew high and trembling . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Find any prints '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( Music often sounds best to me when I can dress informally and sit in something more comfortable than a theatre seat . (Filtered Words: 0)
He concludes that these data show a `` remarkably high '' percentage of consciously dissatisfied and unhappy persons among factory and clerical workers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Coolest shade (Filtered Words: 0)
If we cluster together , the redcoats can make an advantage out of it , but there's not a blessed thing they can do with two or three of us except chase us , and we can outrun them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No casts are listed , but [FILTERED] sent word that the Negro soprano , [FILTERED] , will sing Venus in `` Tannhaeuser '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
and this first section was somehow preserved ( there are always these annoying little mysteries about the actual facts of [FILTERED]'s life ) when the [FILTERED] destroyed the rest . (Filtered Words: 2)
not less strikingly so for being mysterious , as though some deeply hidden constatation of thoughts were enciphered in a single image , a single moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly , America took Prokofieff and his Classical Symphony seriously , and with a good deal of pleasure . (Filtered Words: 0)
You get a good , loyal husband -- smack ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
However , as a field measurement , it is open to question . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the matter with me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Factors that inhibit learning and lead to maladjustment (Filtered Words: 0)
There were unclaimed square miles of seating space around them , but he appreciated the kindliness of her gesture none the less . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seemed too much trouble even to reach for the switch ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My goodness , you ought to remember if I do . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a minute he went on , `` People must think the curse is on me , seeing you fresh as an apple and me old and gray '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You sure climbed fast , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In order to attract new industries , 15 states or more are issuing tax free bonds to build government owned plants which are leased to private enterprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scientists who agitate hardest for technical recognition are often the most reluctant to accept it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The AID committee's chairman in charge of the redecoration , Mrs. [FILTERED] , was in town yesterday to consult with White House staff members on the project . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mercer never noticed the needle touch his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] looks stronger , seems to be throwing better than he did last year . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was American . (Filtered Words: 0)
The symbols of mother's status , here , are all usual for culture U.S.A. . (Filtered Words: 0)
The authors insist , however , that these abnormalities in the sense of touch were due absolutely to no organic disorders in that sense faculty but rather to the injuries which the patient had sustained to the sense of sight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place cylinder on a disk of clay slightly larger than cylinder . (Filtered Words: 0)
May we state with confidence that in such an exhibition a republic will find its greatest security ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( Jelke later served 21 months when he was found guilty of masterminding a ring of high-priced call girls . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
In instances where both of these are persons or firms with integrity , the situation is ideal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their skin was covered with a thin coating of sweat and dirt which had almost the consistency of a second skin . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s wife and four children live in Miami . (Filtered Words: 1)
It gave her the right to sit down beside me , back straight , one hand out on the handle . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a matter of fact , he wouldn't have cared at all if the guy had been hit . (Filtered Words: 0)
and in modern societies such influence is still great . (Filtered Words: 0)
The breaking away from the prison house of Brooklyn is gradual . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those were his only interludes behind bars , although he collected four more charges on his police record in 1921 and 1922 , three for burglary and one for robbery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the films seen as they came in ( coordinated for the regular sections ) , were often out of context . (Filtered Words: 0)
therefore , only with precise foreknowledge of the line frequencies is an astronomical search for the radio spectra of these molecules feasible . (Filtered Words: 0)
the new people respond in kind by joining the church . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the play does show a certain structural amateurishness ( there are eleven acts varying in length from twenty-five seconds to an hour and a half ) , the statement it makes concerning the ceaseless yearning and searching of youth is profound and worthy of our attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
Privacy must be highly assured both in time and place . (Filtered Words: 0)
The job also covers a number of other items . (Filtered Words: 0)
The average charge for this additional insurance coverage is roughly $1.00 a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
With this ultimate weapon , the two Yankees may have saved baseball from its dullest season . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purpose of the Club is to promote better athletic teams at [FILTERED] and to increase interest in them among the student body . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , in a fresh white dress and low-heeled white sandals , without socks , was out there with them , trying to get them inside . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was interesting to note that many of these Juniors were showing dogs in various other classes at the show prior to the Finals of the Junior Class . (Filtered Words: 0)
Military or Naval Personnel on duty in Alaska or outside the United States and Puerto Rico are also allowed this automatic extension of time for filing their returns . (Filtered Words: 0)
These three were much alike : lined snake ( Tropidoclonion ) , one year and nine months ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Presently , the 742C is available in Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the slope grew steeper and the groves more dim , she tried not to heed . (Filtered Words: 0)
About 1888 [FILTERED] of Barnumville and [FILTERED] became proprietors of the `` Green Mountain Telegraph Company '' , connecting all offices on the Western Union line and extending over the mountain from Barnumville to Peru , Londonderry , [FILTERED] , Lowell Lake , Windham , North Windham , Grafton , Cambridgeport , Saxton's River , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
`` Of course , it could be because this is his first murder case . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sighed . (Filtered Words: 1)
On returning to New York he had a job for several weeks ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His English friends , it said , had gone into training to keep up with him vocally and with his `` allegro movements around the luncheon table '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boun My -- the name means one who has a boun , a celebration , and is therefore lucky -- was born in Savannakhet , the Border of Paradise . (Filtered Words: 0)
But stupidity was no consolation when it had rank . (Filtered Words: 0)
A proposal to raise dog license fees drew an objection from Councilwoman Virginia Knauer , who formerly raised pedigreed dogs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt a good deal less shaky . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly , the mere fact of failing to demonstrate them in one or another species does not conclusively deny their existence in that species . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was , of course , no hope it really would be that simple . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turning on the hi-fi , he went back to the cockpit , stretched out on the cushions and listened to the music . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having achieved this end , he was able to buy 116,000 square miles in the valleys of the Red and Assiniboine rivers . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there hadn't been enough time to build it for keeps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Student Prince Lounge on Atlantic Blvd. plotting a month-long `` festival '' throughout October , with special features . (Filtered Words: 0)
It can kill you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The truth on each side won in the civil war (Filtered Words: 0)
he had to find out . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll talk to him , all right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are other dangers : (Filtered Words: 0)
The uses of philosophy as a logical clearing house are manifest to any approach that does not descend to pure sensationalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
I would propose , first , an abandonment of attempts at a universal lexical list , as intrinsically unachievable , and operationally inadequate in proportion as it is achieved . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Have you got enough blankets '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither had any publishing experience , but they had faith in their idea . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conservation plan (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe they already got them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Printed material (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought : Only in my heart can I make the world hang together . (Filtered Words: 0)
Highways go to a new Department of Highways , sewers to the Department of Public Works , such street cleaning as Borough Presidents now do ( in Queens and Richmond ) to the Sanitation Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were 8,000 persons at the Stadium who can tell their grandchildren that they heard Elman . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had touched her face , truly a noble and pure face , only with a lip salve which made her lips glisten but no redder than usual . (Filtered Words: 0)
Airless and dingy though it was , the attic represented luxury to a slave who had led a wretched life with six brothers and sisters and assorted relatives in a shanty at Bayou St. John . (Filtered Words: 0)
The enemy came looming around a bend in the trail and Matsuo took a hasty shot , then fled without knowing the result , ran until breath was a pain in his chest and his legs were rubbery . (Filtered Words: 0)
When our eyes met the air was filled with an unuttered message of `` Me , too '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is no coincidence that the hebephrenic patient , the most severely dedifferentiated of all schizophrenic patients , shows , as one of his characteristic symptoms , laughter -- laughter which now makes one feel scorned or hated , which now makes one feel like weeping , or which now gives one a glimpse of the bleak and empty expanse of man's despair ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Books are not the only resource of the system . (Filtered Words: 0)
Amy had to be safe , had to come back to them -- if only to reap that share of life's experiences that were her due , if only to give her parents another chance to do better by her . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why does everything have to happen to me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Agnese , smiling too , said , `` 'ello '' , and then more slowly , `` I am happy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , as a matter of fact , I've looked through back-issue files of New York papers for December , 1957 , and haven't found a great deal '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
About 75 persons appeared at that time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Will you please wait in here . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question is `` How are you going to live with it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The possibilities in the consonantal system are very numerous , and only a small portion of them are actually used . (Filtered Words: 0)
She lived in an ultra-modern house whose decoration , appointments , paint , and even pets were chosen to complement her coloring ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` McLish '' , he said as he kicked the horse into motion , `` I'd be a mighty sad man if we never met again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had taken a carbine down from the wall and it trailed from his hand , the stock bumping on the wood floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
She didn't move or say anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
For protein identification , fractions from the column were concentrated by pervaporation against a stream of air at 5-degrees-C or by negative pressure dialysis in an apparatus which permitted simultaneous concentration of the protein and dialysis against isotonic saline . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ahead of him Gavin turned slightly off the trail and pointed for the Gap , no more than a mile away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence , the only defensible procedure is to repress any and every notion , unless it gives evidence that it is perfectly safe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is there a different reality behind the facade ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The first thing to do is get her some money by a temporary but definite adjustment pending a final disposition of the case . (Filtered Words: 0)
Partly because low-level heat treatment is needed to inactivate enzymes before radiosterilization , treated fresh meats have the appearance of boiled or canned meat . (Filtered Words: 0)
both Flugel and [FILTERED] deal with the development and nature of conscience , as do such theologians as Niebuhr and Buber . (Filtered Words: 1)
Those who wanted to close the theaters , for example , pointed to [FILTERED]'s Republic and those who wished to keep them open called on the [FILTERED] of the Ion to testify in their behalf . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then the figure moved on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind him lay the Low Countries , where men were still completing the cathedrals that a later [FILTERED] would describe as `` a malediction of little tabernacles , one on top of the other , with so many pyramids and spires and leaves that it is a wonder they stand up at all , for they look as though they were made of paper instead of stone or marble '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
There is no socially existential answer to the question . (Filtered Words: 0)
She skipped a piece of water at him and laughed , a funny , hoarse laugh he liked to hear . (Filtered Words: 0)
These officers found no incriminating information . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dandy is to be our house guest , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Everything must balance to the last penny . (Filtered Words: 0)
The career of [FILTERED] , is obviously very similar to that of Napoleon . (Filtered Words: 1)
But , in departing , [FILTERED] begged [FILTERED] that there be no liquor in the apartment at the Grosvenor on his return , and he took with him the first thirty galleys of Elmer Gantry . (Filtered Words: 2)
The proteins and fats are burned off , and the cholesterol is left behind . (Filtered Words: 0)
This operation requires from 10 to 12 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
when they reached the boy , the father sliced a new plug of tobacco , put the scalp back in place , and covered the raw edges with the slices . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl tapped the quirt impatiently against her knee and glared at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , we must find Saxons in East Anglia , Kent , Sussex and Hampshire in the last half of the fourth century . (Filtered Words: 0)
And we do it by taking talent -- and redirecting it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question frightened [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Come a bit closer . (Filtered Words: 0)
You sometimes give them a little demonstration , a little guidance , and suggestions about staying inside the lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
There shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of the proper special fund all funds hereinafter specified . (Filtered Words: 0)
George had a tack hammer . (Filtered Words: 0)
They export also . (Filtered Words: 0)
The church truly is not a rest home for saints , but a hospital for sinners . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know you ain't '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're going to be a regular . (Filtered Words: 0)
One might say it combines the man ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
By what right of superior virtue , Southerners ask , do the people of the North do this ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` places '' could be anywhere , the idiosyncrasies and foibles observed there could be anybody's , and the laugh is on us all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasionally gay young blades would write vividly to boon companions at home about their amorous exploits in Richmond , Petersburg , Washington , or Nashville . (Filtered Words: 0)
The element of public danger which enters so largely into architectural certification , however , would demand a prolonged study of structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems like only last year that we watched them set out up the hill hand in hand on a rainy day in their yellow raincoats to finger-paint at the grammar school . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is possible to make a few generalizations about the six giants themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he would be a man , he would be a rich man . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is possible to locate an angular electrical pickoff , which will indicate the angular deviation between the true heading direction and the platform . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
It won't develop until he has words with which to clothe it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He strained his hearing . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said without turning her head , `` After that rain beating in atop the dust , there isn't a thing that won't be streaked '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Brannon , I warn you '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
His fingers felt absurdly thick and clumsy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through all this raving , Krim is performing a traditional and by now boring rite , the attack on intelligence , upon the largely successful attempt of the magazines he castigates to liberate American writing from local color and other varieties of romantic corn . (Filtered Words: 0)
That which follows will be a discussion of principles and possible content for an over-all concept of antisubmarine warfare . (Filtered Words: 0)
Philippians 1 : 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
( I sometimes feel that God , in His infinite wisdom , wants us to have these inexplicable little lapses of memory . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] couldn't seem to get her strength back or catch up with herself with all she had to do : there was the big basket of clothes to be coaxed through the rackety old washer and lugged out and lugged back ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
It makes no difference what part of the world is involved , what form of regime , what particular issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Signs of this type have already made their appearance in several larger cities , and others are on the way . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Presses not fitted with sealed spindle bearings will need a drop of oil now and then in the lubrication holes in the quill . (Filtered Words: 0)
For , with a single exception , nothing had happened to them . (Filtered Words: 0)
the relatively wild conditions still found in tropical South America might be responsible . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one would question such an errand . (Filtered Words: 0)
In that function , he helps to rebut another legend about the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
When a match is found , an entry is made in the table of dictionary usage . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Me and you's trading hats so's you'll have something permanent to remember me by '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Unfortunately , there is still little demand for broccoli and cauliflower '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was American . (Filtered Words: 0)
The more I talked with him , the more convinced I became that that was the secret of their riotous blooming . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No-o-o . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] took the plan to Wilson who said : `` [FILTERED] , this is plainly right on any ground . (Filtered Words: 2)
It will not , however , be used for symbolic assignment until all other index words or electronic switches have been assigned for the first time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lautner , for his part , `` belonged to the present-day race of small artists , who do not demand the utmost of themselves '' , and the bitter description of the type includes such epithets as `` wretched little poseurs '' , the devastating indictment `` they do not know how to be wretched decently and in order '' , and the somewhat extreme prophecy , so far not fulfilled : `` They will be destroyed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Shh '' , Felix implored . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the first sentence suggests , both roads belong to death in the end . (Filtered Words: 0)
No wonder [FILTERED] responded so completely to its beckoning . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the illusion of depth created by the contrast between the affixed material and everything else gives way immediately to an illusion of forms in bas-relief , which gives way in turn , and with equal immediacy , to an illusion that seems to contain both -- or neither . (Filtered Words: 0)
In there aren't many young people in the neighborhood the modifier young takes dominant stress away from its head people : the fact that the young creatures of interest are people seems rather obvious . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone evidently was on duty there . (Filtered Words: 0)
His bridgework or his plates feel loose and monstrous . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is noteworthy that the majority of the delegates to the Congress were from the less developed , former colonial nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boston , Mass. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The spokes were tight again , the iron tires gripped onto the wheels as if of one piece . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had reached a point at which she didn't even care how she looked . (Filtered Words: 0)
wash wheel -- cylindrical wash wheel of the reversing type . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s strategy had been immensely successful . (Filtered Words: 1)
A fund-raising drive to buy tractors and machinery was launched . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 7 (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , they often revamped their social activities to include class members previously unknown . (Filtered Words: 0)
The seasonal adjustment takes into account such factors as [FILTERED] was on April 2 this year , two weeks earlier than in 1960 , and pre-[FILTERED] buying was pushed into March . (Filtered Words: 1)
He recognized his jacket and trousers . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wished to prepare myself but did not even know what sort of clothes I ought to be wearing . (Filtered Words: 0)
We can see others more clearly than we can see ourselves , and others can see us better than we see ourselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
) The House , which had passed its smaller appropriation before the President's urgent call for more , was expected to go along with the increased defense budget in short order . (Filtered Words: 0)
You are much too beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's a tower and a steeple on the church a million feet high . (Filtered Words: 0)
His wife was in delicate health and nursing an infant with measles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The buildings are mostly Georgian . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] believed that [FILTERED] put his naked engineers into the swimming parties to locate the various fords . (Filtered Words: 2)
An old shipwreck , a high dam , an old covered bridge , a place to find agates or other semi-precious stones or a place to pan gold , etcetera may be of interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
It worried him , this inability to get the simplest things done in the course of a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , but the fat's in the fire '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The cladding thickness is about 0.5 M , hence , Af and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
A `` concert of free nations '' should take its inspiration from the traditions of the nineteenth century Concert of Europe with its common values and accepted `` rules of the game '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the words were forming . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only one objected , but Palfrey soon convinced him that he ought to go with the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
He again began to play the violin , and tucking the instrument beneath his chin , performed soulful and romantic airs to match the expressions on the faces of the lovely women who gathered to hear him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't believe them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A maid told us that she still bragged about getting $50 a date . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stared at them curiously . (Filtered Words: 1)
Almost immediately they began to sizzle . (Filtered Words: 0)
There will be losses caused by emergencies that arise while he is away at his off-farm job . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. John 10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , kindled by his kiss , his caressing hand , her desire was aflame . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was turning over the idea of a good debauchery when I dozed off . (Filtered Words: 0)
As if to make certain that [FILTERED] would be unable to pay any settlement at all , [FILTERED] wrote to prospective clients denouncing him ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Heavy support (Filtered Words: 0)
Suppose her father had changed his mind and had refused to let her leave ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the `` objections stated at outrageous length '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
he wants to be with people , but he hasn't yet learned to cooperate . (Filtered Words: 0)
One inch equals 2.54 centimeters : one cubic inch equals 16.38 cubic centimeters . (Filtered Words: 0)
New York ( AP ) (Filtered Words: 0)
21 swingin' a wide loop (Filtered Words: 0)
You can work on this one while I'm gone , kill it if you want '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
for still others , mostly of the nineteenth-century immigration , it was [FILTERED] , and for a small minority it was Eastern Orthodoxy . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even now , like a ringing in his ears , he heard the wooooosh of flame-throwers squirting great orange billows . (Filtered Words: 0)
A brood of twenty-eight born at Brookfield Zoo , near Chicago , ranged in length from 22 to 33-1/2 inches and averaged 29 inches . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went back once more to the Jeep and started the short drive to the hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time , it was so grand ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All they could think of was to run around in circles , kicking their legs out . (Filtered Words: 0)
) The fourth session may be concluded with a tour of the church facilities and refreshments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the conditions of comparison , it will be noted that : ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
No , not he , for I , and I alone , am responsible for whatever happens to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , quickly , and a little nervously , the doctor ordered a couple of ballplayers to carry the catcher into the dressing room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't question , Rev had said , don't invite danger . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Diets can be terrible '' , the girl said . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Maryland the Harford County Board of Education had prepared a desegregation plan which the Court approved but which a plaintiff had challenged ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
it was partly his master . (Filtered Words: 0)
These droplets appear to be ellipsoids , and it is mathematically convenient to assume that they are . (Filtered Words: 0)
To these people , solidarity and unity with China should be the real basis of Russia's future policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Commerce Department officials were inclined to explain the April sales decline as a reaction from a surge of consumer buying in March . (Filtered Words: 0)
At 6 o'clock on the morning of August 12 , they were in doubt no longer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider the features of Utopian communism : generous public provision for the infirm ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The causes of the decline of the commuter railroads are many and complex -- high taxes , losses of revenue to Government subsidized highway and air carriers , to name but two . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of course '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experimental procedures (Filtered Words: 0)
They went into the sun together and paraded grandly in their war clothes , painting their faces with the sacred attis dug far off in the cave of skeletons . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only one worth a shit , and that's Brandon . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of his favorites : `` Guitar Boogie '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did find the missing checks and money afterward , and the drive was actually oversubscribed , which was a real bit of luck for the missionaries . (Filtered Words: 1)
Should the accelerating growth of technology then warn us ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They were engulfed by the weird silence , broken only by the low , angry murmur of the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our key salesmen are in appliances and cosmetics '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Myra , with her news , was on the other end of the line . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
It would challenge sharply not the cult of the motor car itself but some of its ancillary beliefs and practices -- for instance , the doctrine that the fulfillment of life consists in proceeding from hither to yon , not for any advantage to be gained by arrival but merely to avoid the cardinal sin of stasis , or , as it is generally termed , staying put . (Filtered Words: 0)
The best approach , he figured , was to try to influence young people like the high schoolers he and his wife serve as advisors at First Presbyterian Church . (Filtered Words: 0)
Narrative time and film time (Filtered Words: 0)
A `` lineback '' was an animal with a stripe of different color from the rest of its body runnin' down its back , while a `` lobo stripe '' was the white , yeller , or brown stripe runnin' down the back , from neck to tail , a characteristic of many Spanish cattle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wilson inquired about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
A student who while in attendance at Carleton College participates in an athletic contest during the school year , other than that sponsored by the College , shall be permanently ineligible to participate in intercollegiate athletics at Carleton College and will also face permanent suspension from the institution . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
In Persia , where practically speaking there are no museums or libraries or , for that matter , hardly any books , the twins run free . (Filtered Words: 0)
On April 11th he wrote an open letter in The Advocate , making it known `` to the world that Jas. [FILTERED] is by his own admission a base liar and a slanderer '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since appeals to morality , to humanity , and to sanity have had such small effect , perhaps our last recourse is the deterrent example . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't say what would cure him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and since they in no way match each other , the result would be a monster rather than a man '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Claims precedent lacking (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We're not drunkards '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
and to Mrs. [FILTERED] , regional director of The National Conference of Christians and Jews , who asked them to serve as a committee for the fund . (Filtered Words: 1)
They spun and flung their rifles up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thornburg knew , better than any of them , that a public image was as fragile as Humpty Dumpty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mama knew this doll was meant to help Mrs. [FILTERED] overcome her grief by turning her eyes to the future . (Filtered Words: 1)
The administration at the same time , looks to the chairmen for strategic aid in building stronger departments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hotels , for example , are ready to let down the bars . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What this amounts to , if true , is that there will be a free-for-all fight in this case . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wearying trek stretched into the afternoon -- from newspaper plant to insurance office to her house and back to the newspaper , where he found her at five o'clock . (Filtered Words: 0)
No effort is made in the same studies to present information on regional or national demand trends in these skills or to consider whether regional or national demands for other skills might provide much better opportunities for the youth to be trained . (Filtered Words: 0)
We collected `` lucky stones '' -- all the creamy translucent pebbles , worn smooth and round , that we could find in the driveway . (Filtered Words: 0)
I tried to quiet Nadine because the children were there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chauncey Depew , one-time runner-up for the Republican Presidential nomination , was attending a convention at Saratoga , where he was scheduled to nominate Colonel [FILTERED] for Governor of New York when he noticed that the temporary chairman was a man he had never met . (Filtered Words: 1)
Miriam sniffed at this , and complained that [FILTERED] had said unkind things about her to reporters . (Filtered Words: 1)
At one time about 10,000 people lived there . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gee , neither do I '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bingles and bobbles : (Filtered Words: 0)
Its editors only knew of one example to point to , a public housing development of 278 homes in New Haven described by [FILTERED] in the March , 1950 issue . (Filtered Words: 1)
And possessed himself -- how ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who transfer their membership are no exception to the rule . (Filtered Words: 0)
Britain began designing the ship in 1956 but got nowhere until the American government decided to end a ban on sharing military secrets with Britain that had been imposed after Fuchs blabbed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exhibition ballroom dancers from the studio of [FILTERED] of Hillsboro won the all-county talent contest . (Filtered Words: 1)
The question is `` How are you going to live with it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was deep in water , but at least they could not reach him there . (Filtered Words: 0)
This design is hard to beat for timber hunting or for packing in a saddle scabbard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cell dimensions , number of formula units per cell , space group , and specific gravity are given for all substances . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose we might classify [FILTERED] as an old liberal . (Filtered Words: 1)
Every single problem touched on thus far is related to good marketing planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
It might be well to point out , however , some of the newer developments that have taken place within the past few months which might have a bearing on the future of the various foamed plastics involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody liked to hire him because you never could tell when he was going to be taken drunk . (Filtered Words: 0)
The statement of the system is a different matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
They're followed by the front and rear bulkheads as illustrated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Belgians were interested primarily in the economic development of the Congo , which is rich in copper , tin , cobalt , manganese , zinc , and uranium , and cotton and palm oil . (Filtered Words: 0)
It inspires confidence in his institution's determination to establish goals and to achieve them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it not the obligation of us older citizens to lend our weight to being creative on the character side and to hasten our own maturing process ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Hot , freshly-ground cereal (Filtered Words: 0)
Thru development , the reactor and its steam turbines had been reduced greatly in size , and also in complexity , allowing a single propeller to be used , the navy said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Will you please wait in here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as they reached the shore , the first huge wave crashed upon them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The play for Saturday night was to be a benefit performance of The Octoroon . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What would you have done in [FILTERED]'s moccasins ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
But simple involvement is not enough ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The figure halted , and [FILTERED] gasped . (Filtered Words: 1)
Large numbers of potential builders have been investigated , but none have been found to be as effective as the polyphosphates over the relatively wide range of conditions met in practice . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` You bet . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's play hero '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
These included , as one , Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , who had checked in a little after noon the day before , and had not checked out together . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then , I remembered that the girls had had a banana for dessert every day for the last week . (Filtered Words: 0)
The emergence of the crisis itself would seem to constitute a warranty for the victory of disorder . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] registered with Local Board No. 9 , Boulder , Colorado , on March 17 , 1952 . (Filtered Words: 1)
This was the largest house he had ever been in , almost the largest building , except for a hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something in my voice must have touched her deeply because her anger passed quickly , and she turned away to keep me from seeing her face . (Filtered Words: 0)
by this term he means to ridicule their professions of acting in the interest of the Church despite their own education and manner of life -- a gibe , in other words , at the `` Presbyterianism '' in Harley's family and at Bolingbroke's reputed impiety . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bursts into flames (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then it is a matter of pleasure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Agreeable Autocracies is an attempt to explore some of the institutions which both reflect and determine the character of the free society today . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man leaned against a tree and wiped a sleeve across his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
I shall first indicate a couple of weaknesses in Fromm's analysis , then argue that , granted these weaknesses , he still has much left that is valuable , and , finally , raise the general question of a philosophical versus a sociological approach to the question of alienation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once he learned a lesson , he never forgot it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The equipment was solid and heavy and in good condition . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] broke under the devastating fire , wheeled and retreated . (Filtered Words: 1)
The poodle came gleefully to Henrietta and begged for the flowers , supplicating the air with prayerful forepaws . (Filtered Words: 0)
Breeding might move up (Filtered Words: 0)
This caution has been particularly noticeable in a tendency of retailers and distributors to shift the inventory burden back on the supplier , and the fact stocks at retail are low in many lines has escaped attention because of the presence of higher stocks at the manufacturing level . (Filtered Words: 0)
One must first detect a fleeting mobile or moving target , decide that it is worthy of destruction , select the missile to be fired against the target , compute ballistics for the flight , and prepare the missile for firing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Set-up and maintenance (Filtered Words: 0)
Today the cancer is gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then we were off again . (Filtered Words: 0)
( When you see him , you'll notice his habit of fingering , I might almost say , stroking a large mole with black hairs on it , by his right temple . (Filtered Words: 0)
The animals thundered away into the moonlight , heading for the ridges . (Filtered Words: 0)
I myself was one of the skeptics ( 35 years ago ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The appointment of [FILTERED] as General Manager of VecTrol Engineering , Inc. , of Stamford , Connecticut , a leading manufacturer of thyratron and silicon controlled rectifier electrical controls , has been announced by [FILTERED] , Vice President , Special Products . (Filtered Words: 2)
This had never been done before . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the only method left for a man to escape from a woman's world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The complaint on which the warrant was issued was filed by [FILTERED] , an attorney for the association . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is hardly a jazz guitarist in the business today who doesn't owe something to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Girls , my dear parent , are here to stay ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It's not about you or [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The credit requirements stipulate that the applicant must have the ability to operate the business successfully and have enough capital in the business so that , with loan assistance from the SBA , it will be able to operate on a sound financial basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
For medical research he asked a 20 million dollar a year increase , from 30 to 50 millions , in matching grants for building research facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
and Emergency War Surgery in support of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) Handbook . (Filtered Words: 0)
He started practice in 1917 , and served on the State Board of Medical Examiners . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look at the physical features of the land to determine how desirable it is for use , what can be done to correct the faults , and what it will cost to make the area meet your needs in comparison to other sites . (Filtered Words: 0)
weak hands react . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had considered throwing erasers or flipping paperwads at someone or pulling the hair of the girl sitting in front of him , but he couldn't take a chance on either of these possibilities : the teacher probably would make him stand face-to-wall in a corner instead of stay in after school . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was senseless -- he had no idea what to look for . (Filtered Words: 0)
The horses moved at a clump ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the first polyether foams on the market had to be produced by the two-step prepolymer method , today , thanks to new catalysts , they can be produced by a one-shot technique . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is mother of five children and wife of a machinist . (Filtered Words: 1)
Every soldier in the army has , somewhere , relatives who are close to starvation . (Filtered Words: 0)
But at this the one too-large cat suddenly became two cats , stretching . (Filtered Words: 0)
He adjusted the hat , lifted the horn to his lips as though it were a flute , and fell in alongside our fingerprint expert to cavort with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
You do seem somewhat tattered '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt no anger towards Kitti , no sense that she had betrayed him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , the heading accuracy is lessened by such techniques since errors are introduced because of motion of the stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' He wrote . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Michigan soldier stationed in Georgia wrote in 1864 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
We shall prove that Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` orphaned poems '' mentioned in the letter to Meynell comprised a group of five sonnets , which were published in the 1913 edition of Thompson's works under the heading `` Ad Amicam '' , plus certain other completed pieces and rough drafts gathered together in one of the familiar exercise books . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her day starts early , but no matter how many pressing letters there are to be written ( and during May , which is National Salvation Army Week , there are plenty ) , schedules to be made or problems to be solved , Mrs. [FILTERED]'s office is always open and the welcome mat is out . (Filtered Words: 1)
the attitude adopted by realtors and their associations , either negative or positive , plays a large part in the public acceptance of such measures and the degree to which they may be effectively enforced . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abstract (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the sales gains these two dealers are experiencing are above average for their business , farm equipment sales are climbing in most rural areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did he ever visit here when he was a kid '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Large area coverage will accomplish all other tasks . (Filtered Words: 0)
The history of the proceeding (Filtered Words: 0)
Hours after a parade of his new Soviet tanks and artillery , Dictator [FILTERED] suddenly confronted the U.S. with a blunt and drastic demand : within 48 hours , the U.S. had to reduce its embassy and consulate staffs in Cuba to a total of eleven persons ( the embassy staff alone totaled 87 U.S. citizens , plus 120 Cuban employees ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Watch out for [FILTERED] when it comes daylight . (Filtered Words: 1)
The lower portion permits comparison of maturity levels of short and round bones predominantly , since only two long bones are included in Hand and [FILTERED] as a region . (Filtered Words: 1)
Drawing and models were his thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , governor of Red River , and [FILTERED] , a chief factor of the Hudson's Bay Company , ordered such `` sundry articles '' to a value of Ab4,500 . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` But it's just that -- well , you know . (Filtered Words: 0)
namely , is the idea that there were [FILTERED] mercenaries in England at all reasonable ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
A brief for the negative (Filtered Words: 0)
The small amount of insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis was suspended in approximately 5 ml of starting buffer , centrifuged , resuspended in 2.5 ml of isotonic saline and tested for antibody activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Peace Corps should be launched soon so that the opportunity to recruit the most qualified people from this year's graduating classes will not be lost . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cost didn't matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since then , and since the pure grain had gotten him divorced from every decent -- and even indecent -- group from Greenwich Village to the Embarcadero , he had become a sucker-rolling freight-jumper . (Filtered Words: 0)
She's the one who decides which wedding is to get the lead space in the Sunday paper and all that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both [FILTERED]'s and [FILTERED]'s lives were threatened by the Mexicans following the killing , but the company officers felt that in the end , it would serve to quiet them despite their immediate emotion . (Filtered Words: 2)
The internal losses are due to absorption and the small but finite losses suffered in the numerous internal reflections due to deviations from the prescribed , cylindrical fiber cross-section and minute imperfections of the core-jacket interface . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would give one final testimony of their challenge to let the people see their arrogance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of straight dramas , there are All The Way Home , which owes much of its poetic power to the James Agee novel , A Death In The Family ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] knew that [FILTERED]'s defenses were made of paper . (Filtered Words: 2)
Limited interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went back once more to the Jeep and started the short drive to the hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How did you get by the desk '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll help '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What a swinging group they must have been when they first started entertaining ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Exceptions are often classified as transfers by `` operation of law '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But why did you come back '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1817 the lawyers were generally debating the legal inviolability of private contracts and charters . (Filtered Words: 0)
How literature does this , or for whom , is certainly not clear , but the content , form , and language of the `` message '' , as well as the source , would all play differentiated parts in giving and molding a sense of purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
if they say they are satisfied , this shows unconscious alienation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can't leave the party ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Now look , there's work to be done and lots of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The financial situation of the Baltimore & Ohio , has become precarious -- much worse than at any time since the depression of the 1930s '' , he told the hearing . (Filtered Words: 0)
She's a year older than I am , [FILTERED] told herself . (Filtered Words: 1)
But if The Prince fancied women and was fascinated by foreigners , he could be haughtiness personified to his subordinates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , for all his sprawling and his easy familiarity , was completely alert to his son , eyes always on the still face , jumping to anticipate Scotty's desires . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It's out in the Northeast section . (Filtered Words: 0)
At four o'clock in the afternoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Works by [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] were performed by seven instrumentalists including [FILTERED] , flutist , [FILTERED] , oboist , and [FILTERED] , pianist and harpsichordist . (Filtered Words: 9)
For the sad truth is that while one might write well without having read Bartleby The Scrivener , one is more likely , to write well if one has `` read it , and much else . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just see it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still another segment of the student population consists of those who seek , in what they regard as religion , intellectual clarity , rational belief , and ethical guidance and reinforcement . (Filtered Words: 0)
This expansion has been going on for an estimated eight billion years . (Filtered Words: 0)
But then his son could afford it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wanna beer '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A picnic bag , a grill , a cooler for soft drinks and beer , and for frozen convenience foods . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed it might be a more appropriate vehicle than NATO for the development of a parliamentary organ of the Atlantic nations , because it could encompass all of the members of the Atlantic community including those , like Sweden and Switzerland , who are unwilling to be associated with an essentially military alliance like Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purpose of washing is , obviously , to remove soils which are arbitrarily classed in the four major categories given below : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The study of Greek was the distinctive mark of boys destined to go to college , and [FILTERED] too expected to go to college and take the full classical course offered to men . (Filtered Words: 1)
but I hear the thunder roll ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Would applause , for example , be fitting if , apart from the applause , there were nothing good to applaud ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Radiopasteurization has also been successful , and the shelf life of chicken can be extended to a month or more under refrigerated storage as compared with about 10 days for the untreated product . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tables were all spinning , the dice rattling , the bar crowded . (Filtered Words: 0)
The parish lives for itself rather than for the community or the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great , crushing ice masses coming into view made him sound like the voice of pure reason . (Filtered Words: 0)
And his performances attracted much attention , as the frequency of his surviving pieces in any calendar that may be set up for his undergraduate activities testifies . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he decided he wouldn't mind company in return for free drinks , even though he made good money at his job . (Filtered Words: 0)
A number of other nineteenth-century developments contributed to the transmutation of the law of nations into international law ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
What a fool he had been to think of his brother ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But of course behind his boldness he didn't feel bold at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is redneck country . (Filtered Words: 0)
She described herself and her circumstances unhesitatingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fall River police did go to Westport to see if they could get any information against Morse and possibly find an accomplice whom he might have hired from among these men . (Filtered Words: 0)
Greatest thing that ever happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
No margin for error (Filtered Words: 0)
Get out of here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many students of literature know that classical defense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without the good magazines , without their book reviews , their hospitality to European writers , without above all their awareness of literary standards , we might very well have had a generation of Krim's heroes -- [FILTERED] , Farrells , [FILTERED] , and I might add , [FILTERED] and Frosts and MacLeishes in verse -- and then where would we be ? ? (Filtered Words: 3)
Photographing in the Northeast (Filtered Words: 0)
However , it determined that neither this factor , nor `` the fact that all concerned in high executive posts in both companies acted honorably and fairly , each in the honest conviction that his actions were in the best interests of his own company and without any design to overreach anyone , including Du Pont's competitors '' , outweighed the Government's claim for relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
I myself hear it said constantly -- in drawing-rooms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Birmingham , Ala. -- ( AP ) (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the great edge the two Yankees have going for them . (Filtered Words: 0)
That way he can truck his parts right indoors and unload them under the roof . (Filtered Words: 0)
In such circumstances , it may well be to the advantage of the industry to allow an increase in the basic wage rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , the murderer is still at large . (Filtered Words: 0)
One might , indeed , argue that the history of ideas , in so far as it includes the literatures , must center on characterizations of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in fashioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
but there is much here also which bears directly on his personal quarrel with Swift . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whereas the earlier cases turned rather narrowly upon the availability of adequate state remedies , the new emphasis is upon the nature of the state policy at issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the policy makers , generals , physicists , psychologists and others charged with controlling the actions of the button pushers and their `` hardware '' , the answers to my questions varied partly according to a man's flair for what the professionals in this field call `` scenarios '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This last `` rampage '' is only the prelude to the vicious blow upon her head , `` dealt by some unknown hand '' whose identity is later revealed not verbally but through a manual action -- the tracing of Orlick's hammer upon a slate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Federal review of state decisions (Filtered Words: 0)
This led to the famous sayin' in the Northwest of the `` books won't freeze '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The formal displacement of the geocentric principle far from being Copernicus' primary concern , was introduced only to resolve what seemed to him intolerable in orthodox astronomy , namely , the ' unphysical ' triplication of centric reference-points : one center from which the planet's distances were calculated , another around which planetary velocities were computed , and still a third center ( the earth ) from which the observations originated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your present history is equally admirable for its industrial and scientific achievements . (Filtered Words: 0)
The air took on a special strength now that they'd left the fecund warmth of the farmland behind . (Filtered Words: 0)
His own fate he accepted . (Filtered Words: 0)
( On Thursday nobody except [FILTERED] was thinking of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
namely , is the idea that there were [FILTERED] mercenaries in England at all reasonable ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Life '' points out that `` everybody uses this path '' , and starts to ride on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , the four year provision limits this to fundamentals and much desirable material must be eliminated . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's your motive ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Things aren't that simple anymore . (Filtered Words: 0)
Background spectra were obtained in all cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
Corporations are apt by nature to be impersonal , inhumane , shortsighted and almost exclusively profit-motivated , a picture they could scarcely afford to present to the public . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just plain old black dirt was also used as a pack to relieve wasp or bee stings . (Filtered Words: 0)
The one- or two-digit number of the index word or electronic switch was used in the operand of an EQU statement , e.g. , (Filtered Words: 0)
The private detective is militant against injustice , a humorous and ironic explorer of the underworld ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the second largest city in Japan , with about four million people . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is your name , boy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Simple hole drilling operations (Filtered Words: 0)
To measure work : (Filtered Words: 0)
Or his horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , the plan's fifth principle must be that it capitalize on the capabilities of all elements in combination . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hate that . (Filtered Words: 0)
For protein identification , fractions from the column were concentrated by pervaporation against a stream of air at 5-degrees-C or by negative pressure dialysis in an apparatus which permitted simultaneous concentration of the protein and dialysis against isotonic saline . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gallium oxide is less volatile than silica ( the main constituent of tektites ) and germanium oxide is more volatile . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Pittsburgh definitely is the team to beat '' , [FILTERED] said here the other day . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` The cannery '' , said Mrs. [FILTERED] , an active booster of the cannery since its opening during the war and rationing years of 1941 , to handle the `` victory garden '' produce , `` is a service to the taxpayer . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some people have luck and some have no luck and that , whatever people who prefer order say , is the size of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
This information was accepted with the frequent interpretation that those persons who did not show arm-levitation must be preventing it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Downtown and art theater managers and owners , contacted Friday night for comment on the COAHR request , said they had no knowledge of such a letter , and that it was not in the Friday mail . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the years when Israel was passing from crisis to crisis -- the Sinai campaign , the infusion of multitudes of penniless immigrants -- it was felt that the purpose of national unity could be best served if the secular majority were to yield to the religious parties . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is characteristic of him , we are told , `` his little artifice '' , to be able to introduce `` into a fairly vulgar and humorous piece of hackwork a sudden phrase of genuine creative art '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
the new birth is a work of god . (Filtered Words: 0)
6.4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] backed off two steps , forcing him to come on again . (Filtered Words: 1)
Frontage on a body of clear , clean water will be vastly different from the same amount of frontage on polluted water . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Roman Catholic Church , however , sanctions a much more liberal policy on family planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is equipped with electronic controls that can be set to hold precise tension and speed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as thousands that day in Portugal had seen the sun dancing in the sky , he had seen the same thing later in his own garden , and she turned to Agnese for confirmation . (Filtered Words: 0)
What the man wanted was four persons to volunteer as hostages , along with the crew . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cannot , e.g. compute the retrograde arc traveled by Mars , without also making suppositions about the earth's own motion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We must persuade them to enjoy a way of life which , if not identical , is congenial with ours '' , he said but adding that if they do not develop the kind of society they themselves want it will lack ritiuality and loyalty . (Filtered Words: 0)
The right to leave the hoosegow any time to see a lawyer instead of waiting for a lawyer to make a trip to the prison . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Pimen's cell the soft prayers of the monks , heard from offstage , not only help to set the scene but emphasize the contrast between young [FILTERED]'s thoughts and his situation . (Filtered Words: 1)
a report that 200 Protestant clergymen and laity attended a votive Mass offered for Christian unity at a Catholic church in Slough during the Church Unity Octave . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Could you find me a needle and thread '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was ugly . (Filtered Words: 0)
When three dice are tossed repeatedly , what is the probability that the number of aces is 0 ( or 1 , or 2 , or 3 ) ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There are more poems dated in the 1890's than in the '80's -- Hardy had apparently resumed the viewless wings as he decreased the volume of his fiction -- but none in 1891 , the year of Tess , and only one in 1895 , the year of Jude . (Filtered Words: 0)
As one development followed another , the company's reputation for precision in the graduating field brought it broader and broader opportunities for expansion in precision manufacture . (Filtered Words: 0)
organization : (Filtered Words: 0)
Where a building permit is required , find out what you must present when applying for one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasional features were published on historical medicine , special reports , bibliography , and `` Collector's Items '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic mapping (Filtered Words: 0)
On a quarter-to-quarter comparison , the first quarter of 1961 total of 9,273 cars was 21 per cent behind the previous year's 3-month total of 11,744 . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are keeping a number of surprises under our hats . (Filtered Words: 0)
Examples (Filtered Words: 0)
There would have been a ceremony if it had been possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm always trying to find a breaking table in blackjack . (Filtered Words: 0)
Getting drunk every night was the only way I could handle the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He held the knife aloft an instant -- an instant enough to press the stud . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I refused '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
London , Feb. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
This escape from control has led to management's evaluating the risk of occasional irrational prosecution as worth while . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , as so many of the records are not certainly based on newborn snakes , these data must be taken tentatively ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
From the Palazzo Spada you continue another block along the Via Capo Di Ferro and [FILTERED] to the imposing [FILTERED] , begun in 1514 and considered by many to be the finest palace of all . (Filtered Words: 2)
Although the monarch had frequently asserted that the elections were to be without party significance , his action was an implicit admission that party identifications were a factor . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are not governmentally subsidized organizations . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Give me your machine gun ammo '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vermont's sugar maples are scarlet from Sept. 25 to Oct. 15 , and often hit a height in early October . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , not many years later , the Un-American Activities Committee , under the leadership of [FILTERED] , pilloried hundreds of decent , patriotic citizens . (Filtered Words: 1)
But not any more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Olgivanna -- in her country the nickname was a respectful form of address -- was not only attractive but shrewd , durable , sensible , and smart . (Filtered Words: 0)
he was neither prosecuted nor even arrested . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Hughes concern then took `` shortcuts '' on the project but got paid anyway , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
A spectacle occurred across the meadow : the lone marine took a seat on the ground ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Introduction . (Filtered Words: 0)
What a fool he had been to think of his brother ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Urge them to write out their questions for the box . (Filtered Words: 0)
If action is indicated , what kind of action is relevant to the problem ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Did , I mean '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Avowed atheists or freethinkers are so rare as to be a curiosity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Question (Filtered Words: 0)
Bedridden people say I am easy to hold -- and read . (Filtered Words: 0)
Properties (Filtered Words: 0)
A phonemic system can be stated without reference to morphophonemics , but it cannot always be found without morphophonemics . (Filtered Words: 0)
One such moment came in the breathtaking way Miss [FILTERED] sang the cadenza to Meyerbeer's `` Shadow Song '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The combined threat of hell-fire and ugliness is too much for her , and she falls terrified at his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were all completely shrouded . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a tap at the door and [FILTERED] entered with the word that [FILTERED] wished to see the Captain . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] of Pumpkin Ridge was rabbit showmanship champion . (Filtered Words: 1)
What's going on here ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He says you're limping more than you need to '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She knew where to come . (Filtered Words: 0)
The road maps of the region have changed since 1905 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But if all alternatives should be clearly blocked off , it can be expected the [FILTERED] administration will take steps to trim spending at the spring session of the state Legislature . (Filtered Words: 1)
A normal year's work in college is 30 semester hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tensile strength : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Really , Winston . (Filtered Words: 0)
and buggies and wagons and chugging [FILTERED] kept gathering all morning , until the edges of the field were packed thick and small boys kept scampering out on the playing field to make fun of the visitors -- whose pitcher was a formidable looking young man with the only baseball cap . (Filtered Words: 1)
Notice , however , that the passage of time does not permit the raising of prices per se , without an accompanying wage increase . (Filtered Words: 0)
People don't know how much they give away about themselves by remarks like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
He exposed the bucket-shop racket with the able assistance of two excellent reporters , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Similarly in Illinois there is Lincoln country to be seen -- his tomb and other landmarks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the circumstances , the only protection for the relatively small manufacturers is to engage in exactly the kind of conspiracy with the giants for which the latter were convicted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Got a lot to tend to , but I'll get back quick as I can '' , he assured her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eight men were tried together in U.S. District Court in Anniston , Ala. , on charges of interfering with interstate transportation and conspiracy growing out of a white mob's attack on a Greyhound bus carrying the first of the Freedom Riders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then maybe next time he won't be so quick on the trigger '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He remembered exactly when he had lived through it before , and he had something to prove he had . (Filtered Words: 0)
He who does not love abides in death . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hal Yarrow '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I got on the tractor again and I had to watch the plow closely because the field was drawn across the long hillside and even in that good soil there was a danger of rocks . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could have slapped the boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
2.4 the continuous deterministic process (Filtered Words: 0)
Sesame sticks , a snack dip , originated in the Southwest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experience will show that only the vaguest generalities apply , and in fine , these merely dwell upon a relationship between the durations and intensities of events . (Filtered Words: 0)
We no longer use the particular terms of Lessing and Victor Hugo . (Filtered Words: 0)
Preliminary calibrations of the resistors have been made from 4.21 to 2.16 Af at every 0.1 Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
With [FILTERED] and me , there's never any problem . (Filtered Words: 1)
But no . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only factors that are personally set by the choreographer are the movements themselves , the number of the dancers , and the approximate total duration of the dance . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , high school senior from Verboort , had the championship dollar dinner , and [FILTERED] of Hillsboro also won a blue ribbon . (Filtered Words: 2)
In the meantime , while the South has been undergoing this phenomenal modernization that is so disappointing to the curious Yankee , Southern writers have certainly done little to reflect and promote their region's progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its high impact strength , even at low temperatures , resists chipping , cracking , and crazing , according to Du Pont . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , there was a wide area of agreement on the value of the President's making a final effort in the summit spotlight for a nuclear test accord . (Filtered Words: 0)
The artist looks at an ankle , a calf , a bosom and , in his mind's eye , the clothes drop away and he sees her as she really is . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was now impaled on the horns of a dilemma . (Filtered Words: 1)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
First intercourse for the bride brings with it the various problems connected with virginity and the hymen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Marvelous , thought Theresa , climbing in her portly , well-bred way , for she was someone who had learned that if you only move slowly enough you have time to notice everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
It took him nearly an hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
His face was stiff with anger when they let go of his arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her laugh was hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one walked in this country , least of all [FILTERED] or Dutch Renfro or any of the rest of the Bar B crew . (Filtered Words: 1)
Socialism , I grant , has a definite place in our society . (Filtered Words: 0)
The word also made him feel hate , sincere hate , for those so labeled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did I start the damn war ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What I mean is , he was a Pole and the greatest soldier in the Ulanys . (Filtered Words: 0)
No cow thief could count on a jury of his sympathetic peers to free him any longer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Uniconer (Filtered Words: 0)
We may thus trace the notion of individual autonomy from its manifestation in religious practice and theological reflection through practical politics and political theory into literature and the arts . (Filtered Words: 0)
My head was clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take away [FILTERED] statue . (Filtered Words: 1)
More than the fans of Pagnol's old films and of their heroic star , the great Raimu , were looking askance at the project . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is when his troubles begin , not to mention a fledgling artist who he hires , and who turns out to have ideas of his own , with particular respect to the hero's sweetheart-secretary . (Filtered Words: 0)
it's much too explosive for small edible game . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was little likelihood of any customers walking in at that hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
For proper accreditation of schools , teachers in any course must have a degree at least one level above that for which the student is a candidate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without math the men who are continually seeking the causes of and the reasons for the many things that make the world go 'round would not have any means of analyzing , standardizing , and communicating the things they discover and learn . (Filtered Words: 0)
in the cold dawn the mist swirled low to the ground , then rose with a gust of sudden wind to leave the valley clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , the list is interesting for its omissions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took his glass , clinked it against mine , and said , `` Toujours gai , what the hell '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I won't bite , you know '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , having this desire , I am very interested in education . (Filtered Words: 0)
To fuck up the program . (Filtered Words: 0)
fine hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of the material comes directly from secondary sources such as Strukturbericht . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trompe-l'oeil illusion here is no longer enclosed between parallel flatnesses , but seems to thrust through the surface of the drawing paper and establish depth on top of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Quotations follow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For you have been reborn , not from corruptible seed but from incorruptible , through the word of God . (Filtered Words: 0)
, [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 2)
What the next move will be only time , of course , will tell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why not come down smartly in the world , in a chic fashion , with an Allstates-Zenith '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Be careful , McLish '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
One afternoon , upon receiving permission and the necessary instructions from the clerk , I had visited the toilet adjoining the hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some liver cord cells contained vacuolated cytoplasm , while others had small amounts of brown hemosiderin pigment . (Filtered Words: 0)
This left the Soviets plenty of leeway to start low-grade brushfire aggressions with considerable impunity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sweat bubbled out on Jess's swarthy face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wildlife habitat resources (Filtered Words: 0)
If it were not for judicial development of certain exceptions , this section would prohibit a suit for refund by an acquiring corporation for taxes paid by a transferor corporation , even though the reorganization meets the requirements of section 381(a) . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , in departing , [FILTERED] begged [FILTERED] that there be no liquor in the apartment at the Grosvenor on his return , and he took with him the first thirty galleys of Elmer Gantry . (Filtered Words: 2)
It is engendered by confounding the Aristotelian cosmology in The Almagest with the geocentric astronomy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bartender brought Rourke's drink and [FILTERED] laid a twenty-dollar bill on the bar . (Filtered Words: 1)
These boys acknowledged an introduction to anybody by gently pressing one of his hands in both of theirs , while they gazed , misty-eyed with care , into the eyes of the person they were meeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
This patient was a 65-year-old white male accountant who entered the New York Hospital for his fourth and terminal admission on June 26 , 1959 , because of disabling weakness and general debility . (Filtered Words: 0)
The professional organizations such as American Institute of Interior Designers , National Society of Interior Designers , Home Fashions League and various trade associations , can and do aid greatly in this work . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the last years of [FILTERED] administration , a red scare developed in our country . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each member with a population above 150,000,000 would get one additional post for each additional 30,000,000 people up to an unspecified cut-off point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the stable-garage , which housed nothing now but the scent of rot , had a lawn before it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Issue no. 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if all alternatives should be clearly blocked off , it can be expected the [FILTERED] administration will take steps to trim spending at the spring session of the state Legislature . (Filtered Words: 1)
Many believe -- and understandably -- that the great difference between the Constitution of the Southern Confederacy and the Federal Constitution was that the former recognized the right of each state to secede . (Filtered Words: 0)
The need for lifetime reading is apparent . (Filtered Words: 0)
As soon as you find out if they are Geely and [FILTERED] , come on around to the lounge where I'll be waiting '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now I see . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's good to see you again , Styka '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gray Eyes remained erect . (Filtered Words: 0)
The metal collar gagging his neck ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Spot retains the same decor although crystal chandeliers have been installed above the terrace dining area , and the kitchen has undergone a remodeling job . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not really '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had driven the car that passed them on the road outside [FILTERED]'s place . (Filtered Words: 1)
that is how the Jews prepare a body for burial . (Filtered Words: 0)
The legislators decided to `` liberate '' Dartmouth and entered into a tug-o'-war with the college trustees over the control of classrooms , faculty , and chapel . (Filtered Words: 0)
She gave a fine portrayal of [FILTERED] on Broadway in 1958 and has appeared in live television from `` Captain Brassbound's Conversion '' to `` [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
A sharp tremor was followed by a jerky roll . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't smoke and could not light fires with a flintless lighter ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Ronnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had never seen one before and had expressed a curiosity about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The appeal board furnished petitioner a copy of the recommendation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Efficiency of fiber couplers (Filtered Words: 0)
Good God above , had not Domokous been enough ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The circle with the dot in the center showed up yellow on the reflector glass in front of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proprietorship (Filtered Words: 0)
I figured I could stand practically anything for a couple of weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
I closed the last bag and stood all three at the door for the bellboy to pick up , then went to the bathroom for a drink of water . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
But fatty foods do . (Filtered Words: 0)
For Christ's sake ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The exoneration Pearson speaks of is not an exoneration , but [FILTERED]'s expression of her opinion , as reported in the testimony of Assistant Marshal Fleet . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Major decided that , rather than be led , the slugger could lead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Victor's book on [FILTERED] was largely written in my study in the house at Weston . (Filtered Words: 1)
As early as 1858 , Le Fort claimed an alveolar distribution of the bronchial arteries in human beings . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you can firmly make the good knight sure to pleasure our Corporation '' , Sturley wrote , `` besides that ordinary allowance for your diet you shall have 20 for recompence '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , the number of the suite hasn't been published in any newspaper . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the facts about our Advisory Board and its members' duties are only one of several sets of facts about the quest for advice , both reliable and imaginative , on which to base our selections of Fellows . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pope Pius the Sixth , at Rome , in April , 1778 , wrote the following : `` The faithful should be excited to the reading of the Holy Scriptures : For these are the most abundant sources which ought to be left open to everyone , to draw from them purity of morals and of doctrine , to eradicate errors which are so widely disseminated in these corrupt times '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early equipment was very flimsy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
By way of explanation we ourselves are prone to imagine that this achievement stems from the same American Catholic zeal and generosity which brought the parochial school system into existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was born angry . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President and his advisers felt that the time might have come to warn Premier [FILTERED] against a grave miscalculation in areas such as Berlin , Iran or Latin America from which there would be no turning back . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- Although there was some variation in results which must be attributed either to trace impurities or to variation in wall effects , the photochemical exchange in the gas phase was sufficiently reproducible so that it seemed meaningful to compare the reaction rates in different series of reaction tubes for the purpose of obtaining information on the effect of chlorine concentration and of carbon tetrachloride concentration on the reaction rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
He remembered his mother gossiping with her neighborhood women friends , lowering her voice to a penetrating hoarseness which might be trusted to carry to the head of the stairs , where he crouched listening . (Filtered Words: 0)
The radical nature of the innovation in the Congo was not emphasized in the official announcements . (Filtered Words: 0)
this is really a deficiency in the scalar field , namely , that it is not algebraically closed . (Filtered Words: 0)
With all these agencies , the congressman must constantly check the political wind and trim his sails accordingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cursory survey of available material indicates a high rate of illegitimate births occurring to parents who have a close consanguineous relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Goethe asks in [FILTERED] whether we know the land where the lemon trees flower , and the light of the Mediterranean glows through [FILTERED] and the Roman Elegies . (Filtered Words: 2)
All the more reason why there should have been no place for the frills ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Calcium and sodium lactate . (Filtered Words: 0)
and ( 3 ) research , demonstrations , training and traineeships for vocational rehabilitation -- and in addition for short-term training and instruction . (Filtered Words: 0)
D. D. will pop up with U-I Chief Milt Rackmil at the Carnegie theater tomorrow to toast 300 movie exhibitors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly one of them shouted , ran a few feet , bent forward and put his mouth to the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
This could also be used for any other skin irritation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The handwriting is on the wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many scouring powders now also contain phosphates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Backstage was tomblike by contrast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although they journeyed westerly as far as Germantown , beyond the Erie roundhouse and the machine shop , and along the Delaware and [FILTERED] , and northward to Brooklyn , below Point Peter , he could see the church spire wherever he looked back . (Filtered Words: 1)
Keep the desserts simple ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Secondly , to find a learned diversion and a pleasing joke in More's account of the stupid brutalities of early sixteenth century wars , of the anguish of the poor and dispossessed , of the insolence and cruelty of the rich and powerful requires a callousness toward suffering and sin that would be surprising in a moral imbecile and most surprising in More himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though he struggled with philosophy all his life , he never got much beyond the pessimism of his twenties ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I guess it's this hot weather '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's used it every day ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All western Europe would hear and listen to him in this same vein about the middle of the century . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Wechsler Intelligence Scale For Children was administered to each sample third-grade child by a clinical worker . (Filtered Words: 0)
The luminous efficiency Af of a photocathode depends on the maximum radiant sensitivity Af and on the spectral distribution of the incident light Af by the relation : Af where Af is normalized radiant photocathode sensitivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Crystallographic , physical , optical , and chemical properties . (Filtered Words: 0)
The NATO Council is available as an executive agency , the Standing Group as a high military authority . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There ain't nothin' faster , or lonelier , or more direct than a cannonball freight when you wanna go someplace '' , [FILTERED] would say . (Filtered Words: 1)
Two special issues were published , one for November 1959 on Space Medicine , the other the Tenth Anniversary issue for January 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tibet has historically served China as a buffer state . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her uniform was of rich , raw silk , in a shade which matched her hair , skin , housepaint , and cats , and since she was so thin as to be almost shapeless , she rather resembled a frozen fish stick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Channing wrote this -- in a letter ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Rousseau agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lord nodded agreeably . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was right , and [FILTERED] could not help but recall [FILTERED] words on the subject , `` Well , it seemed as good a place as any to do the job '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
For another second or two he gave in to the annoyance that was directed at himself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'd just turned on the ignition when there was a big flash and I was lying on the driveway '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get up , Crouch . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simply out of bloodlust , their murderers dismembered the bodies and tossed the remains into the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stop shaking '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the number of trials is a random variable , not a fixed number . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can laugh at His blood-bought salvation , curse His followers , and laugh at hell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] looked down . (Filtered Words: 1)
they make one inefficient three-men-and-a-helper team . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did they remember to program a sense of humor , as well , young lady '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost febrile in intensity , the principle has become worldwide in application -- unfortunately at the very time that nationalist fervors can wreak greatest harm . (Filtered Words: 0)
One beatnik got the woman he was living with so involved in drugs and self-analysis and all-night sessions of sex that she was beginning to crack up . (Filtered Words: 0)
It does cost a lot of money for most hobbies but there are hobbies that are for free . (Filtered Words: 0)
Peace , it's wonderful , and `` world law '' , it's wonderful , too , and shouldn't we get an international covenant extending it into space , before the Russians put some claim jumper on the moon ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
True , it is no longer cricket for the butler to be the killer in mystery fiction , but we are dealing here with actual people in real life and not imaginary characters and situations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outcome of the experiment is X successes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same old question . (Filtered Words: 0)
The final section of this pamphlet is of special interest in a consideration of Steele's relations with Swift . (Filtered Words: 0)
In particular he sought the gentle , sweet-faced nuns , with head coverings and veils coming to the middle of their foreheads , remembering their expressions until he reached home and set them down on paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
they include harmonies and conflicts within the whole man , and mechanisms whereby inner components are more or less smoothly met . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the Zen literature reveals , as soon as an early Zen master attained fame in seclusion , he was called out into the world to exercise his powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The luminous efficiency Af of a photocathode depends on the maximum radiant sensitivity Af and on the spectral distribution of the incident light Af by the relation : Af where Af is normalized radiant photocathode sensitivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The scalloped edge is particularly appealing . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , the henpecked husband with his shrewish wife is a comic figure of long standing , in literature and on the stage , as Dr. [FILTERED] points out . (Filtered Words: 1)
Push-ups (Filtered Words: 0)
In this respect experience is broader and full of a richer variety of potential meanings than the mind of man or any of his arts or culture are capable of making clear and distinct . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is required to mark every item and to indicate which reading he feels is actually his . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is never motion towards something . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following morning Mr. [FILTERED] called for me , and we went to visit schools -- kindergarten , middle-school , elementary school , and high school -- Mr. [FILTERED]'s school . (Filtered Words: 2)
He went into the hotel and searched till he found the razor . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So you're looking for a woman who married a man who might have lived here a year ago and might have been poisoned . (Filtered Words: 0)
and Af stems . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a leading judge will not be at the International Show this year for the Junior Judging Contest as he has been invited to judge in Australia in March . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was the freshness of color , the freedom of perception , the lack of self-consciousness , but with a twist that made the forms leap from the page and smack you in the eye . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe that what I do has some effect on his actions and I have learned , in a way , to commune with drunks , but certainly my actions seem to resemble more nearly the performance of a rain dance than the carrying out of an experiment in physics . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to the collection of service charges , the special districts levy annual property taxes of approximately $450,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Soon as we send them on their way and make camp , let's you and me go for a walk down by the Snake -- all by ourselves '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of the armistice negotiated by Amadee two years earlier , the war between Bishop Guillaume of Lausanne and Louis of Savoy was still going on , and although little is known about it , that little proves that it was yet another phase of the struggle against French expansion and was closely interwoven with the larger conflict . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his only attack on the Republicans , Hughes said , `` The three Republican candidates for governor are tripping over their feet for popular slogans to win the primary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Limited to a few thousand lines of heroic verse in Anglo-Saxon as in the other Germanic dialects , we cannot say how frequently the kennings in Beowulf recurred in contemporary epic on the same soil . (Filtered Words: 0)
The terrible power of a gun , the thing that blasted the soul out of a living body , man or beast , was one he never wanted to lose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Goethe used the fable to more elaborate ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
Give me a team of nine angry men and I'll give you a team of nine gentlemen and we'll beat you nine out of ten times '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Masu is also teaching in a municipally-sponsored school for Japanese widows in Tokyo . (Filtered Words: 0)
Captain [FILTERED] roared at his men to lash three of the casks of olive oil together for a raft . (Filtered Words: 1)
She always let it be known that there was wine in the pot roast or that the chicken had been marinated in brandy , and that [FILTERED]'s second cousin was an intimate of theirs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Emptied the bottle . (Filtered Words: 0)
The effect was as depressing as a gravestone , the applause irresolute and short-lived . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
It was marked by controversy , anonymous midnight phone calls and veiled threats of violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
He then offered his own estimate of the weather , which was unenthusiastic . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is an ethical demand which cannot be evaded or glossed over by talking exclusively of weapon superiority or even of the evil of Communism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] takes careful account of every mitigating circumstance in recalling the historical atmosphere in which mistaken decisions were taken . (Filtered Words: 1)
If a nation wished to get a head start in physical fitness over all other nations , it would start its kindergarten students on a program of gymnastics the day they entered and thus eliminate a large number of the problems that plague American schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] was bringing Cuba not freedom , but hatred . (Filtered Words: 1)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adam , beset by changing defense conditions and the open secret that he was part of the new corporation , couldn't deliver from his end . (Filtered Words: 0)
He closes his `` letter '' by demanding that Dunkirk be demolished , that the Pretender be forced to move farther away from the coast of England , and that the Queen and the House of Hanover come to a better understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our surplus from foreign business transactions has in recent years fallen substantially short of the expenditures we make abroad to maintain our military establishments overseas , to finance private investment , and to provide assistance to the less developed nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The flow rate remained relatively constant during the winter months as shown in Table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm ready '' , she announced . (Filtered Words: 0)
) And his eyes -- those miniature sundials of variegated yellow -- had not altered their expression or direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
I went to an afternoon service at the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Against my folks' wishes , we'd been seeing each other for short rides in the truck . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new offering Tuesday consisted of $60 million worth of 4-7/8 debentures , due June 1 , 1986 , at 100% , and $60 million of 4-1/2% convertible subordinated debentures due June 1 , 1991 , at 100% . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man was tall , thin , with a narrow face and a too-large nose . (Filtered Words: 0)
The maximum angular diameter of any planetary disk as observed from the earth is about 1 minute of arc . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hodges is trying to get more foreign business to go to the U.S. . (Filtered Words: 0)
His singing was strong and musical ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] has managed to mix musical ideas drawn from Israel and the standard American ballad style in a manner that stresses the basic tunefulness of both idioms . (Filtered Words: 1)
I made time and picked him up within ten blocks . (Filtered Words: 0)
The habitants were to be encouraged to trade and were to dispose of their pelts to the concessionaires . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is [FILTERED] , son of the Guglielmo Rostagnos of Florence whom the [FILTERED] met last year in Europe . (Filtered Words: 2)
Jesus replied , ' let it be so for the present ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It had a gourmet's corner ( instead of a kitchen ) , a breakfast room , a luncheon room , a dining room , a sitting room , a room for standing up , a party room , dressing rooms for everybody , even a room for mud . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Final Solution proved that the Jew-baiter of any variety exposes himself as being implicated in the criminality and madness of others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Antithyroid drugs are of two general types . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had heard her shaking out the skirt of her new pink silk hostess gown . (Filtered Words: 1)
In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The lyric , [FILTERED] remembers , was tailored to fit the unusual melody . (Filtered Words: 1)
Behind him lay the Low Countries , where men were still completing the cathedrals that a later [FILTERED] would describe as `` a malediction of little tabernacles , one on top of the other , with so many pyramids and spires and leaves that it is a wonder they stand up at all , for they look as though they were made of paper instead of stone or marble '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
There has long existed a brotherly affection between us , thus I accepted him as my pupil . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her eyes flashed angrily . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bodies must be cleaned and seats wiped off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That permitted us to start controlling the ball right away '' , said Stram , quipping , `` I think I'll put that play in the book '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She urged the importance of more thorough preparation for admission . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man took two short steps backward then sat down heavily on the pavement . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Anyway '' , [FILTERED] went on . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pre-inaugural position (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeing her caused a lurch in Ramey , a recognition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bergson and [FILTERED] announce that `` the secret is the center of a philosophy '' and thereafter a hundred followers declare secrecy a higher verity . (Filtered Words: 1)
The unstable political situation there represents one reason new plants shy away from the East Side . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was his wife . (Filtered Words: 1)
You think somebody is going to stand up in the audience and make guilty faces ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The disappearance caused his family to assign a full-time maid to keeping an eye on the boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charcoal '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Galatians 15 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through the swathings of terror , she jabbed deceit's sharp point -- Amy would be reborn , a new child , with new parents , living under new circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mission to Viet Nam (Filtered Words: 0)
With the spring rains the flow rose rapidly due to infiltration in open sewers . (Filtered Words: 0)
But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . (Filtered Words: 0)
An agreement between the leaders of four parties which contested indecisive elections on Oct. 15 was reached after almost 18 hours of political bargaining under the threat of an army coup d'etat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , there was plenty of water , too much , and that was probably the trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they can take ten seconds to accomplish the descent , they will have the strength to chin-up . (Filtered Words: 0)
He meandered down Pike Street , past the First National Bank with its green window shades . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How does he know ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Serum samples were obtained from normal group A , group B and group O donors . (Filtered Words: 0)
suspicion between member states still existed , but it was of about the same low order of virulence as the twentieth-century rivalry between Arizona and California over water supplies . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was , and is , with the RAND Corporation , a nonprofit pool of thinkers financed by the U.S. Air Force . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sits in the stands and he doesn't like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
As [FILTERED] wrote in 1955 : : (Filtered Words: 1)
( Some suspensions break up before they are near to the direction of shear , and some become asymptotic to it without breakup . (Filtered Words: 0)
lack of ability and common sense can lead to just as much tragedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , vice-president ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Morgan took the suggested steps , but when Mrs. [FILTERED] appeared , there was nobody with her but her husband , whom he promptly sent to headquarters to be questioned . (Filtered Words: 1)
A freshman girl's father not too long ago called a dean at Brooklyn College and demanded the `` low-down '' on a boy who was going out with his daughter . (Filtered Words: 0)
A faint crease appeared between the man's eyebrows . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are in general those fears that once seemed to have been amenable to prayer or ritual . (Filtered Words: 0)
A warning (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] of N. R. Crozier Tech. [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] of Hillcrest ; ; (Filtered Words: 6)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
The clerk's eyes flickered . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , for one , appears to be safe from the accusing fingers of all assailants in this regard . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , if public pressure sets the effective limit to the price that the industry may charge , this pressure is itself a function of the wage rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had been moving in cafe society as [FILTERED] , a name that made some of the gossip columns . (Filtered Words: 1)
When the mast was raised , [FILTERED] gave the order for [FILTERED] and Cromwell to be placed under arrest , and now three figures in irons sprawled upon the open deck and terror stalked the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
But instead of delivering the ration -- either in actual commodities or in cash -- at intervals of perhaps two weeks or a month , the Belgians felt obliged to dole it out more often . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stacked Miss [FILTERED]'s thin pink dishes in the sink . (Filtered Words: 2)
Does your company have a program for selecting and developing sales and marketing management personnel for the longer term ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am what I am . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was an ardent champion of the Brown & Sharpe Apprentice Program and personal counselor to countless able men who first developed their industrial talents with the company . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would save her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The record books , however , would favor the Giants' ace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beckworth left the tent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Invitations have been extended to some [FILTERED] dignitaries including Gov. and Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Lines 23-36 of Lycidas later point to a friendship with [FILTERED] , who entered Christ's College 9 June 1626 . (Filtered Words: 1)
if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation has been duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States and has not been discharged prior to the date of payment , payment shall be made to such receiver or trustee in accordance with the order of the court ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
With thousands of young Americans going to work in developing areas , millions of Americans will become more directly involved in the world than ever before . (Filtered Words: 0)
for what had happened on the common was only terror and flight ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and , being left carnal , he will be an imperfect being , possessing the image ( of God ) in his formation , but not receiving the similitude ( of God ) through the Spirit '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
bright pinks and plaids and vivid stripes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] of nineteenth century American letters . (Filtered Words: 2)
11 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This reasoning was also as inevitable as anything could be . (Filtered Words: 0)
his tragedy seems unworthy and trivial . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reason is that there is a lack of interest on the part of the community . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charcoal '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a small , neon-lighted restaurant and cocktail lounge on the southeast corner of the intersection as he turned into the quiet , palm-lined street where most of the houses on both sides were older two-story mansions , now cut up into furnished rooms and housekeeping apartments . (Filtered Words: 0)
another reports that a cellular polypropylene , primarily for use in wire coating applications , is being investigated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon he was playing in the Cologne Municipal Orchestra , and during World War 1 , , when musicians were scarce , he joined the opera orchestra as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
External determination of heading -- surveying technique . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
As he started to slump over , another warrior swung him onto his horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
the (Filtered Words: 0)
What can we do with the general T ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
fresh scars showed that the door had been prized open . (Filtered Words: 0)
His voice shook a little . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rabbi said thoughtfully , `` I would not want my people to get in trouble with the Church '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
When combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least embodied in a material substratum , it becomes clear that while earth will be dross on a scale of material-formal ratios , celestial bodies will be of a subtle , quickened , ethereal existence , in whose embodiment pure form will be the dominant component and matter will be absent or remain subsidiary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now we peered anxiously for any speck of land in the Pacific , for this interminable bailing would have to stop soon . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it is clearly argued by Lord Percy of Newcastle , in his remarkable long essay , The Heresy Of Democracy , and in a more general way by Voegelin , in his New Science Of Politics , that this same Rousseauan idea , descending through European democracy , is the source of [FILTERED]'s theory of the dictatorship of the proletariat . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Because maybe I won't have to wear it always . (Filtered Words: 0)
He washed it down with beer and produced a deep-seated belch . (Filtered Words: 0)
And you didn't see her much at [FILTERED] or anywhere , for John had drifted away from the gang . (Filtered Words: 1)
The two top talents of the time , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , have hit the ball harder and more successfully so far this early season than at any period in careers which , to be frank about it , never have quite reached expectations . (Filtered Words: 2)
Had Faith Constable's explanation of her confidence , so uninvited , been a little thin ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If you ever try anything without my orders I'll kill you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fat man said , `` All we gotta do is go around the corner '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attack (Filtered Words: 0)
`` From now on , [FILTERED] and me and her folks aim to give you our turn when it comes up and fall in behind you and [FILTERED]'s outfit '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Writing in a large volume on the nude in painting and sculptures , titled The Nude : A Study In Ideal Form , [FILTERED] declares : `` The human body , as a nucleus , is rich in associations . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` O.K. , I'm lifting '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there's a subjective side to that utopian outlook . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the meantime , we might be thinking on the problem all these dead beasts represent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey said nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Location (Filtered Words: 0)
And all the time , she had the heat of hatred in her , like charcoal that is burning on its under side , but not visibly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even to herself [FILTERED] sounded a little self-pitying but the truth was she was lonely , sitting on the darkened field . (Filtered Words: 1)
How long would it be occupied ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Had it done so , the blot on its escutcheon would have remained indelible , nor could the Harvard Divinity School assemble today to honor Parker's insurgence other than by getting down on its collective knees and crying `` peccavi '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are several possible sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , no , not again '' , he said aloud . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , the dictionary is divided into at least two parts : the list of dictionary forms and the file of information that pertains to these forms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not really , it seems to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hettie , they didn't sell you '' , he said miserably . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feeder cattle (Filtered Words: 0)
One night there were some dried peas lying on our kitchen table , and these peas looked to me like a little group of atoms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
However , any such suggestion accounts for only some of the difficulties in hearing tone , or in developing a realistic attitude about tone , but not for the analytic difficulties that occur even when tone is meticulously recorded . (Filtered Words: 0)
End at seven (Filtered Words: 0)
Just a big pile of self-confidence in an almost teensy package . (Filtered Words: 0)
We stood under a gigantic tree in the rolling country just outside of Moscow looking at silent flowers on the grave of a Russian poet and writer who cherished the love for his country to the point of foregoing the highest international honor . (Filtered Words: 0)
or surprise , which would set the patient apart from other people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , when everything was opening up to him -- even the court of Louis 15 ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But her beauty always surprised him anew . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Follow Secretary [FILTERED] through the Fiat plant , and you learn this : (Filtered Words: 1)
Why they keep coming (Filtered Words: 0)
She wished to change much for the children here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In what ways , then , did the patient's psychical blindness manifest itself ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] compared her feelings of weakness to her feelings of weakness and helplessness at the time of her mother's death when she was eight , as well as her subsequent anger at her father for remarrying . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Rule of Law , historically a principle according everyone his `` day in court '' before an impartial tribunal , was broadened substantively by making it a responsibility of government to promote individual welfare . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] drew a base on balls to fill the bases but [FILTERED] smash was knocked down by [FILTERED] for the putout . (Filtered Words: 3)
These include : leaves of absences , illnesses , and layoffs . (Filtered Words: 0)
And find in the answer a license to be a variant of the human species . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cow owned by an old woman trespassed on [FILTERED]'s land . (Filtered Words: 1)
The responsibility for taking the initiative in generating ideas is that of every officer in the Department who has a policy function , regardless of rank . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , the city itself should be talked to . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't believe it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He can sacrifice himself for tomorrow and he can sacrifice tomorrow for himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first place , a large part of the discrepancy between President [FILTERED]'s estimate of a 1.5 billion dollar surplus for the same period and the new estimate of an almost seven billion dollar deficit is the result of the outgoing President's farewell gift of a political booby-trap to his successor . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the most part , this discussion will be confined to results obtained since the introduction of the reference standard . (Filtered Words: 0)
evaluation of histochemical techniques ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the audience saw a small , dim figure appear at the edge of the Presidential box . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gosson and Sidney (Filtered Words: 0)
Color was delayed until 1935 , the wide screen until the early fifties . (Filtered Words: 0)
To find a form that accommodates the mess , that is the task of the artist now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mines need to be recognized as a major element in anti-submarine warfare employment , extended to deep water , and have their effective area per unit increased . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Send out a pickup on Mrs. [FILTERED] and the boy when you've got enough to go on '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 2)
In Cuba , the U. S. had blundered badly and created the impression of impotency against Communist penetration even on its own doorstep . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you estimated your sales manpower needs for the future ( both quantitatively and qualitatively ) ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as heavily invested are the endeavors of multitudes of modern men who carry on the quest for the enchanting index . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trainman called . (Filtered Words: 0)
An ace of spades . (Filtered Words: 0)
The statement is often made that when Bultmann argues in this way , he `` overestimates the intellectual stumbling-block which myth is supposed to put in the way of accepting the Christian faith '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nobody else can live in your hearth while I am in it '' , Hesperus said promptly . (Filtered Words: 0)
We turn now to the set of tangent points on the graph . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stated during the inquest that while her father and uncle were in the sitting room the afternoon before the murders , she had been disturbed by their voices and had closed her door , even though it was a very hot day . (Filtered Words: 1)
There are thousands of square miles of salt pan which are hideous . (Filtered Words: 0)
New York : Democrats' choice (Filtered Words: 0)
While the method of interviewing a small number of companies was appealing because of the opportunity it might have furnished to probe fully the reasons and circumstances of a company's practices and opinions , it also involved the risk of paying undue attention to the unique and peculiar problems of just a few individual companies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stage is constantly full of them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the sweet and funny little dance about potato planting called `` Bul'ba '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost inevitably , the first result of this technological revolution was a reaction against the methods and in many cases the conclusions of the Oxford school of Stubbs , [FILTERED] and ( particularly ) Green regarding the nature of the Anglo-Saxon conquest of Britain . (Filtered Words: 1)
Lacking guidance , industry picks its own areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the near term , however , it must be realized that the industrial and commercial market is somewhat more sensitive to general business conditions than is the military market , and for this reason I would expect that any gain in 1961 may be somewhat smaller than those of recent years ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He expected nothing for himself but that which naturally follows those marked for misfortune . (Filtered Words: 0)
If coffee is sold at the cafeteria , let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group . (Filtered Words: 0)
To me Lilly was a fine and lovely girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
The General Assembly shall consider and approve the budget of the Organization . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Tell me about [FILTERED] , how she behaved , what she did to please you '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
out of the race (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The Dictionary Of Occupational Titles '' published by the U. S. Department of Labor describes him as follows : `` Designs , plans and furnishes interiors of houses , commercial and institutional structures , hotels , clubs , ships , theaters , as well as set decorations for motion picture arts and television . (Filtered Words: 0)
Swadesh in short was trying to develop a basic list that was universal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And `` What time did the [FILTERED] go to the dentist ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
It was the same bar , and it was two weeks later -- Saturday night , when he had an excuse to drink heavier than usual . (Filtered Words: 0)
Less assured than the tall , wide-shouldered man in the lead , Cobb followed alertly , a hand on his gun butt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Centering around this historic old structure , a group of public-spirited Barbour County citizens have organized and planned a week-long series of events , beginning on May 28th and continuing through June 3rd , to observe most appropriately the centennial of the first land engagement of the Civil War at Philippi . (Filtered Words: 0)
She ran from a little group of us . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the school was indeed bereft . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wasn't the report official enough ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Loveless , too , objected . (Filtered Words: 0)
Curt , angry enough to be a little reckless , raised his hands shoulder high . (Filtered Words: 0)
But preservation of the natural beauty of the Cape is of more than regional concern , for the automobile age has made it the recreation spot of people from all over the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
and they are dashed , no less , by lack of skill in making selections of men and women for development toward the highest reaches of the mind and spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
One cannot make a very satisfactory guess about the micrometeorite flux in space . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fights sprang up and were quickly squelched . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The kid had a automatic , like they issue in the Army '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two men murmured with their heads together at the end of the bar , while the sleek-headed bartender absently polished a glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
The log was spinning . (Filtered Words: 0)
didn't answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I only said I was hungry . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the marksmanship example , a trial consists of `` one round shot at a target '' with outcome either one bull's-eye ( success ) or none ( failure ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Television has yet to work out a living arrangement with jazz , which comes to the medium more as an uneasy guest than as a relaxed member of the family . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm not going to be one of your guinea pigs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The building was dwarfed by the scene outside . (Filtered Words: 0)
The U.S. Forest Service cares for hundreds of thousands of campers in its 149 National Forests and is increasing its facilities steadily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Communist target areas can be assumed , but there is no certainty that such assumptions coincide with Soviet intentions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hank was beginning to feel sharp concern for Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Among other things it means perception , discrimination , sensitivity to subtle differences . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just long enough to make you feel important . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inspector knew as he left that this was wishful thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
They put [FILTERED] to bed and wired [FILTERED] and sent for the young Presbyterian minister . (Filtered Words: 2)
Barton was relieved to see that [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had brought extra mounts . (Filtered Words: 2)
That is , they used opaque color throughout , getting solid highlights with active lime white . (Filtered Words: 0)
The youth with the snake had a natural pride and joy of life which appealed to the woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
He opened the myth book again and there ( along the margin next to [FILTERED] imaginative interpretation of the creation of the [FILTERED] from [FILTERED]'s fingertips ) were the names of four [FILTERED] bars and [FILTERED] address . (Filtered Words: 5)
( See Chapter 10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We're going to Philadelphia '' , Kitty said , pulling her skirt down around her legs all the more . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the policy has been chosen , the state of the product can be obtained from the state of the feed by repeated application of the transformation ( 1 ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It holds an equally valuable lesson for a society where the word `` intellectual '' has become a term of opprobrium to millions of well-meaning people who somehow imagine that it must be destructive of the simpler human virtues . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , I'll get one overnight a month '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( This has not been the case everywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
What else was there to say ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For example Test 3 , E 1 refers to a specimen which has been washed by procedure `` 3 ( '' ( at 160-degrees-F ) for a total of 60 minutes in the machine , has been dried in a tumble dryer by procedure `` E '' and has been subjected to restorative forces on the Tension Presser by procedure `` 1 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Financial aspects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Illustrations were prepared for 11 Department of the Army manuals and one Graphic Training Aid . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Up you go '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But this eminence was not without its weighty responsibilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the United States Department of Agriculture's Yearbook Of Agriculture , 1952 , which is devoted entirely to insects , [FILTERED] mentions a site in Utah which was estimated to contain 200,000 nesting females . (Filtered Words: 1)
After pushing an accumulation of vines and weeds from the moldboard , I lifted the lines from the dust and found hitched to that plow the finest team I ever held a rein on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under normal circumstances [FILTERED] was a little fussy when people told him what to do with pictures he had taken . (Filtered Words: 1)
We rode over roads so rough that our Jeep came to rest atop the soil between ruts , all four wheels spinning uselessly . (Filtered Words: 0)
His accomplishments , and the fact that he was resident , did much to offset the unkind words travelers used to describe Little Rock after a visit there . (Filtered Words: 0)
With tone , individual differences may be greater than the linguistic contrasts which are superimposed on them . (Filtered Words: 0)
And put Cate's gun back '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bridge has survived the natural hazards of the elements , war , fire , and floods , as well as injuries incident to heavy traffic , for more than a hundred years . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the night Clayton had tricked them in the poker game . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plans went in and out of Lublin , indicating German confusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remembering his own thirst , Matsuo took out his water bottle . (Filtered Words: 0)
The apparent black-body disk temperature is the temperature which must be assumed for the black body in order that the intensity of its radiation should equal that of the observed radiation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Louisiana , however , collected an income tax on the profits from the sale . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reflex ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Their flight was delayed , [FILTERED] said , when a boarding ramp inflicted some minor damage to the wing of the plane . (Filtered Words: 1)
The argon flow through the porous anode was varied systematically between Af and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( 1949 ) has concluded that the most active preparations of TSH made during this period , from 1931 to 1945 , were probably about 100 to 300 times as potent as the starting material . (Filtered Words: 1)
Using a Batista man to screen refugees represented a total misunderstanding of the democratic forces which alone can effectively oppose [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In conclusion , these findings suggest the need for a comparative physiology , pathology , and histology of mammalian lungs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Expecting something more-than-average wacky , I was surprised by what we found . (Filtered Words: 0)
Third , it could threaten at all times , and destroy when possible , the enemy communications . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing new . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Fed to dairy cattle to increase milk production and butterfat percentage . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a $14 million operation involving 3,500 employees who work on commuter traffic exclusively . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sabine called a few minutes ago '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then , take flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet she did not hesitate and only turned slightly , her neck tall as she looked in his direction , and continued on her way toward the end of the camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man with a baby in his arms stood there pleading for his wife who is on the other side with the rest of the family . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do not let the wicked spirits enter your brain '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is difficult to draw the line between stereotype and the reality of the jazz musician . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this play there were so many characters and so much detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now big forces buffet food . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , no richer humor is to be found in the whole of American literature than in the letters of the semi-literate men who wore the blue and the gray . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five or so minutes later the marine abruptly pulled up and stepped into sunlight , immediately throwing his hands over his eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other recommendations made by the committee are : (Filtered Words: 0)
Over all these fairly awkward problems Khrushchev was to skate rather lightly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the range of Af is the null space Af of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
It urged that the next Legislature `` provide enabling funds and re-set the effective date so that an orderly implementation of the law may be effected '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's only that I like to know where you go '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , talkin' ain't goin' to help -- let's fort up '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Hoag turned . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter procedure gave rise to a small active protein peak ( Region 1a ) between Regions 1 and 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In our work the best procedure for removing substances causing nonspecific staining in order to obtain specific conjugates was to pass the conjugates through a DEAE-cellulose column and in some cases to absorb the first and second milliliter fractions with sweet clover tissue powder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then a wild thought ran circles through his clouded brain . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No offense intended '' , he said gently . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Papa's slender fingers removed the spectacles , there were red indentations on the bridge of the strong nose . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am carving a Pieta from white [FILTERED] marble . (Filtered Words: 1)
Back in Bavaria he had seen that gesture , and at that sight his heart had always died within him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As long as Mr. [FILTERED] is convinced that the balance of world power is shifting his way , no amount of either smiles or toughness , neither Camp David talks nor kitchen debates , can compel him to enter fruitful negotiations '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Tears ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
a lovely Epiphany party at [FILTERED] , on which sacred occasion Letch stole away with an unknown `` starlet '' , leaving me `` high and dry '' to get home as best I could . (Filtered Words: 1)
All his family was dead , except for his son . (Filtered Words: 0)
You're not in the big leagues , but if you can't give and take down here what the hell do you think it'll be like up there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The most surprising thing about the Twenty-second Congress of the Soviet Communist Party is that it is surprising -- perhaps quite as much , in its own way , as the Twentieth Congress of 1956 , which ended with that famous `` secret '' report on [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` That important '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No , that isn't quite fair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Subtitled A Farmwife's Almanac Of Country Living , this is a gentle and nostalgic chronicle of the changing seasons seen through the clear , humorous eye of a Hoosier housewife and popular columnist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Todman said excitedly , and hopefully . (Filtered Words: 0)
Physical plant and equipment can be efficiently developed . (Filtered Words: 0)
How can we have a good city unless we respect morality '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Temporary abstention , i.e. , postponement , is one thing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Early Spring came from her bed , from beside her half-drunk husband , Walitzee , and stood at the entrance way to her lodge hearing the mild commotion , the sound of hushed voices . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was in his pajamas and dressing gown , and on his large feet he wore yellow Turkish slippers that turned up at the toes . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- and said it sharply , not as in the Patchen bit , but as an order -- so I stopped my hand and looked at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh you're joking . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was an enormously long building whose walls were made of rocks , some of them brought home from every continent during his six years as an oil geologist . (Filtered Words: 0)
A little later the district attorney woke up , emerged from under the couch , looked at his watch , and realized he had an engagement that very hour to address a meeting of the Culture Forum on `` The Civic Spirit of the Southland '' , in the Byzantine room of the hotel where his wife , as president of the forum , was to preside . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was very worried '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] overcomes the suitor in battle , delivers the city from its oppressors and marries Sibylla who had fallen in love with the beautiful knight the moment she saw him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The schoolboy . (Filtered Words: 0)
And yet Mr. [FILTERED] persists in trying to mollify the intransigents of the right with apologies and promises of `` tightening up '' and `` economizing '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Most now admit that [FILTERED] , Gildas , Nennius and The Anglo-Saxon Chronicles cannot be the infallible guides to early English history that Guest , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] thought them to be . (Filtered Words: 3)
But they , naturally , kept his secret well , and the public at large knew only of a great excitement in musical and court circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Start on the Via D. Teatro Di Marcello at the foot of the Capitoline Hill . (Filtered Words: 0)
The practice of charging employes for meals whether they eat at the hospital or not should be abolished . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , demographic inquiries , supposedly involving field investigations , were conducted in selected minor divisions ( circonscriptions ) containing about 3 percent of the total population . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is interesting , however , that despite this strong upsurge in Southern writing , almost none of the writers has forsaken the firmly entrenched concept of the white-suited big-daddy colonel sipping a mint julep as he silently recounts the revenue from the season's cotton and tobacco crops ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the thump and whir of our new presses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some privately held inholdings are a source of direct damage to these Federal lands . (Filtered Words: 0)
After [FILTERED] became the Greatest Man in the World , for a nation that does not believe in the cult of personality or in careerism , [FILTERED] wrote me a letter in which he said : `` I am not interested in how long a bee can live in a vacuum , or how far it can fly . (Filtered Words: 2)
The children can have their daytime naps and hot meals , and be put to bed on schedule in shade-darkened rooms . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a dot appears close to the end of the transverse line , the `` moderate '' rating may be further classified according to the position of the dot with respect to the vertical marking denoting the mean age . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Concord , [FILTERED] was the most prominent New Hampshire boy with wings . (Filtered Words: 1)
She used to tell me , `` When I stand there and look at the flag blowing this way and that way , I have the wonderful , safe feeling that Americans are protected no matter which way the wind blows '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had come into the Navy too young , with the image of the fun-loving [FILTERED] before him . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` How about your press conference three days later -- what was the reason for that ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Martin realized , later on , that he should have `` had it out '' with Dolores that night . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , too , the cause to hate lay well back in the years . (Filtered Words: 0)
The terms `` renewal '' and `` refreshed '' , which often come up in aesthetic discussion , seem partly to derive their import from the `` renewal '' of purpose and a `` refreshed '' sense of significance a person may receive from poetry , drama , and fiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ages of the slaves ranged from sixty-five , for an old house servant , to an unnamed newborn child . (Filtered Words: 0)
An exhibit , `` Macropathology -- An Ancient Art , A New Science '' , was presented at the annual meeting of the American Medical Association . (Filtered Words: 0)
His looting of the orderly room had taken only a minute or two and the vicinity was still clear of guerrillas . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , I forgot to say that if one is taken to the funny house in the funny wagon , he is removed to a mental institution in an ambulance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Skipjack became the fastest submarine ever built . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) Auditors were encouraged . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was ready to jump but when [FILTERED] said she'd get the whisky it surprised him like it surprised me , and he ran down . (Filtered Words: 1)
And there was still not anything that [FILTERED] could do . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is indeed a moral responsibility on man himself , for his own soul's sake , to respect lower life and to avoid the infliction of suffering , but this viewpoint [FILTERED] rejects . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Who's your witness '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The new birth is necessary because god is holy . (Filtered Words: 0)
shaping the contours of life to fit the needs of legends . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was no vacation , just me getting out after a bellyfull . (Filtered Words: 0)
And did he appreciate my efforts on his behalf ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The trouble was drinking cost money . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 1930's , cures for the depression literally flooded Washington . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's used it every day ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Alec waited a moment , on guard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early in June , the Discovery passed `` Desolation '' ( southern Greenland ) and in mid-June entered the `` Furious Overfall '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
These concessionaires traded where they wished and generally dealt with the Indians through engages , who might be habitants , voyageurs , or even soldiers . (Filtered Words: 0)
House throws wild (Filtered Words: 0)
It was then that I availed myself of the rights of a citizen and declared the income tax unconstitutional . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the moral code were flouted , the proper balance of the universe would be upset , and the disastrous result could be floods , plague , or famine . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sweep of space , the delicate counterbalance of the white masses , the over-all completeness and unity , the originality and imagination , all entitle it to be called an authentic masterpiece . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , talkin' ain't goin' to help -- let's fort up '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
These needs usually concern the reduction of guilt and some relief of tension . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before the president recommends a candidate to the trustees , the administration collects the views of colleagues in the same field of knowledge on campus and elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , he calls his productions dance-theatre works of motion , shape , light , and sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
In doing so [FILTERED] and Byrnes were `` asking for the ratification of a grim lesson in the facts of international life '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
his tragedy seems unworthy and trivial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dolores stood motionless in the doorway . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his opening address Wednesday the Rev. Mr. [FILTERED] , urged the delegates to consider a 10-year expansion program , with `` Breakthrough '' the theme for the first two years . (Filtered Words: 1)
Interview the bellboy and chambermaid who waited on [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the surface of the right kidney there were also 2 yellow , firm , friable raised areas measuring up to 2 cm. in diameter . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made the most of the long Brahmsian phrases , and by the directness and drive of his playing gave the work a handsome performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Providence Journal editorial ( Jan. 25 ) entitled `` East Greenwich Faces A Housing Development Problem '' points to a dilemma that faces communities such as ours . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was still in the play for pay business when she died , a top trollop who had given the world's oldest profession one of its rare flashes of glamour . (Filtered Words: 0)
I bethought me of the Lord's [FILTERED] , and these words came to mind : `` Thy kingdom come , Thy will be done , on earth as it is in heaven '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A flame would use up air . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of the corner of his eye , he watched his wingman move out a bit and shoot up with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the basis of the long chronicle of military history [FILTERED] and his brethren assumed that the issue was insoluble and that anyone interested in a mission like Fosdick's was an impractical idealist or a do-gooder . (Filtered Words: 1)
By early summer , he wrote from [FILTERED] that he was suffering from the wound inflicted in the ambush and was in a bad way financially , so Pels sent him a draft for $100 , warning that it was still not wise for him to return . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps his most important private activity was the combination of reading , discussion with a few -- if we can trust his writings to Diodati and the younger [FILTERED] , very few -- congenial companions . (Filtered Words: 1)
Additional findings at this time included cardiomegaly , peripheral arteriosclerosis obliterans , and cholelithiasis . (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of the defects in this system , the figures on total population during the late 1930's and again in the early 1950's seem to have represented actual conditions in most districts with approximate fidelity . (Filtered Words: 0)
800 in Southern New England , we have 60 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If he foresaw any problem because of the quality of the hymen , it was recommended that simple procedures be undertaken at once to incise the hymen or , preferably , to dilate it . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
More than that , Allied air had complete superiority in the Eighth Army's sector . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , she consulted medical authorities and learned that the devices her quack `` doctor '' was using were phony . (Filtered Words: 0)
Considering that the current school-age potential is 23 million youths , the project and its message on hunting and shooting education have many more to reach . (Filtered Words: 0)
In thousands of school districts , indeed , in the entire State of Mississippi , no plaintiff has come forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's quite possible there's more than codfish down there , man '' , Poet replied with a short , nervous laugh as he held the harness for Elaine . (Filtered Words: 0)
a trial balloon to test the aesthetic climate of the times ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There are few things of which I am prouder than of that unblemished record . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even before he hit big money , he had begun buying modern paintings . (Filtered Words: 0)
The idea seems to threaten profound , barely conscious assumptions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly , any line , l , of any bundle having one of these points of tangency , T , as vertex will be transformed into the entire pencil having the image of the second intersection of L and Q as vertex and lying in the plane determined by the image point and the generator of Af which is tangent to **zg at T . (Filtered Words: 0)
Roleplaying can be done for quite a different purpose : to evaluate procedures , regardless of individuals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyone for musical Ping-pong ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's up to you to protect yourselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` One wants a little more power , and the other doesn't want to give up any '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The economic importance of seed crops actually is even greater , because additional returns are obtained from most of the corn , oats , barley , and sorghum -- as well as the cake and meal from the processing of flaxseed , cottonseed , and soybeans -- through conversion to poultry , meat , and dairy products . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hardly noticed the blue-green flashes of lightning and the hard claps of thunder . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But I have just thought of one thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is equipped with an automatic threading device to reduce waste and handling time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes I got on the wrong car and didn't get to school at all , but wound up at the ocean , or some other dismal place , and had to spend the day there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The problems confuse even the experts . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is in contrast to the family with whom he boards . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm with the Bar-H , pushing a horse called [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some good news (Filtered Words: 0)
The Old Man's very soul could have left him and flown down that street , but he wouldn't have had anyone know it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He handed the bayonet to [FILTERED] and kept the pistol . (Filtered Words: 1)
For some significant new items see the pictures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Six of these were proposed by religious groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
But one wishes , when the appetite is whetted , as it was in the case of the all-too-brief excerpt from the Blomdahl opera , that further opportunity would be provided both for hearing the works in their entirety and for a closer analytical look at the sense and nature of the compositions . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I take over Taliesin , the first thing I'll do is fire you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were covered with tiny white blossoms , their scant roots clawing at the stony ground , and wild birds darted in and about and through them so they were nearly alive with the rustle and cry . (Filtered Words: 0)
An' that could mean trouble with a fella that's workin' for crooks . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is , on the basis of his own sinfulness and abject wretchedness , [FILTERED] becomes a prophet who in his ecstasy and in the name of God imprecates doom on Life -- not only the cyclist now , but the audience , the world , as well : `` all you light-headed breed '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
St. Paul-Minneapolis , May 1 -- ( AP ) (Filtered Words: 0)
You own me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Warmly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hernandez looked suddenly uncertain . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It is Mars '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Concepts such as grace , damnation , purgation , blasphemy , or the chain of being , which are everywhere implicit in classic and [FILTERED] tragedy , lose their vitality . (Filtered Words: 1)
As far as the rising generation goes , why not simply express ourselves positively , and trust that the truer view quietly will displace the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
By such touches the pattern takes shape . (Filtered Words: 0)
They enlisted the help of the New Jersey congressman , who has been able to trace the letters to the national archives , where they are available on microfilm . (Filtered Words: 0)
As far as I was concerned , she had already and had dandily shown what she could do . (Filtered Words: 0)
To my room ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] glanced briefly at him , seeing only a body rigidly erect behind the languid banner . (Filtered Words: 1)
Piepsam is grotesque , a disturbing parody ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There are some clubs which claim they learned something about pitching to him last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally , he couldn't let his shipmates know this . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its speed has increased , it operates at increasingly greater depths , its submerged endurance is becoming unlimited , and it will become even more silent . (Filtered Words: 0)
If his dancers are sometimes made to look as if they might be creatures from Mars , this is consistent with his intention of placing them in the orbit of another world , a world in which they are freed of their pedestrian identities . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See Chapter 10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her hand tightened on the receiver . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is often stated that Copernican astronomy is ' simpler ' than Ptolemaic . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Any luck '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For thirty minutes , [FILTERED] stood there . (Filtered Words: 1)
For what concerns all scientific disciplines is precisely that which can be captured for the rational , i.e. , for the scientific determination of what in past ages was considered ultimate and irrational . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are more poems dated in the 1890's than in the '80's -- Hardy had apparently resumed the viewless wings as he decreased the volume of his fiction -- but none in 1891 , the year of Tess , and only one in 1895 , the year of Jude . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I wasn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had to confess that I had missed these frescoes , recently discovered , that he had studied in his eighties . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can find it in the papers '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The executive paid tribute to research and development and technology for their great contributions in the past , but he also cautioned industry that they tend to be great equalizers because they move at a fairly even pace within an industry and fail to give it the short-term advantage which it often needs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unless I'm crazy as hell , they're two of Painter's dicks . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew of but one test and I threw it out to her for what it was worth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Letters came regularly from Nerien , Nicholas , and Martin . (Filtered Words: 0)
his fists clutched so tightly that his knuckles hurt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's take a panoramic look back over the course we have come . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence the petitioner had full opportunity to traverse the only conclusions of the Department on file with the Board . (Filtered Words: 0)
But alas [FILTERED] , when he had written , had only just returned from going to Tuxapoka to Cousin Elec's funeral . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nor is she a wet boat . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` At Deauville she met an Egyptian by the name of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Cold day '' , said Tilghman , placing his hands behind him and casually presenting his backside to the fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than the fans of Pagnol's old films and of their heroic star , the great Raimu , were looking askance at the project . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have a distinct admiration for this man we honor today because of the humility with which he carries his greatness . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White Citizens' Councils in the entire state of Mississippi against every local Philco dealer in that state , in protest against a Philco-sponsored program over a national TV network on which was presented a drama showing , it seemed , a `` high yellow gal '' smooching with a white man . (Filtered Words: 0)
A new spinning take-up machine has been developed to facilitate the use of our take-up machine in the production of thermoplastic yarns . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the deceased '' , Moore said , slipping me his smug , idiot-grin again . (Filtered Words: 1)
Complicity is an embarrassing word . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who says it's going to be published '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
of course , I was willing . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems to me that it rather easily can . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the story of the rhinoceros fight all over again . (Filtered Words: 0)
there are no reasonable prospects that these conditions will be corrected or changed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted the arrogant marine to know fear , and so he aimed above the head . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had not covered a hundred yards before a gun crashed from somewhere behind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then [FILTERED] started up the hill . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You know , that's very interesting . (Filtered Words: 0)
The female from Central America which gave birth to four was only 3 feet 11 inches long . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , he is plainly sympathetic , clearly friendly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the matter with them '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , the recent warnings about the use of X-rays have introduced fears and ambiguities of action which now require more detailed understanding , and thus in this instance , science has momentarily aggravated our fears . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both he and [FILTERED] were exonerated by [FILTERED] herself '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
She always did before , and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said incredulously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of us remember and think of the Wagner-Peyser Act in its historical sense , as a major milestone in the development of public placement services . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men helped them gather their belongings and escorted them to Raton along with three other families desiring to leave . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are 151 items in the [FILTERED] show , including one painting by each member of the `` Eight '' , as well as work by Sloan's friends and students . (Filtered Words: 1)
The American-Negro Suite is in a sense an extension of the Cotton Club songs in that it is a collection of Negro songs , not for a night club , but for the concert stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
It should be noted that there are other and equally important reasons for establishing meaningful intergovernmental reporting bases on a uniform fiscal year . (Filtered Words: 0)
The area most prominently commented on during the [FILTERED] hearings had to do with `` sweetheart contracts '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the very front rank , two men were wounded and staggered along , trailing blood behind them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other factors playing a part in the extent of AM service and interference are the frequency involved , the time of year , the position of the year in the sunspot cycle , ground conductivity along the transmission path , atmospheric and manmade noise , and others . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Will you please wait in here . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mare had backed away . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great black leopards . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once on the water , these little visitors seldom leave , and this adds to your filtering and vacuuming problems as well as providing a slapping good time for all those present . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` most orthodontic work is done on children between the ages of 10 and 14 , though there have been patients as young as two and as old as 55 '' , says Dr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Under this program , property sales specialists in the Small Business Administration regional offices help small business concerns to locate Federal property for sale and insure that small firms have the opportunity to bid competitively for surplus personal and real property and certain natural resources , including timber from the national forests . (Filtered Words: 0)
For any pencil in a plane containing a Af-fold secant of **zg has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in Af lines , namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of **zg and the multiple secant , plus an additional component to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil . (Filtered Words: 0)
Checkit ( Faber Hanover-Supermarket ) 2:35 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s fine young face was an expressive one , too ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
With a firm grip on the man's hair Matsuo applied the blade flat on a cheek . (Filtered Words: 0)
It consists in saying , ' That would be sending the goat to look after the cabbage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Swadesh in short was trying to develop a basic list that was universal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Liquid fats from all these oilseeds enter into the manufacture of soaps for industry and the household and of glycerin for such industrial uses as making explosives . (Filtered Words: 0)
One contained complete antibody and had a titer of 1 : 512 in saline . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the New York Philharmonic musicians who live in the suburbs spent yesterday morning digging themselves free from snow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not even [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then she said , `` Allons '' , and we got up and went to my hotel without another word . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing like the old days in the army , but I get by . (Filtered Words: 0)
The oyabun was entertaining a group of dignitaries , the secretary said , businessmen from Tokyo for the most part , and Kayabashi wished to show them the mission . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question left by the election is whether West Germany veers slightly toward more firmness or more flexibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
What does the general business outlook suggest about the trend of long-term rates in 1961 ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( 1 ) When an object was placed in the patient's hand , he had no difficulty determining whether it was warm or cold , sharp or blunt , rough or smooth , flexible , soft , or hard ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
she developed a peaches and cream complexion and a sunny disposition , and she asked for nothing more of life than that she be kept dry and comfortable and fed huge amounts of food at stated intervals and be carried to where she could watch activity going on around her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mercer stammered , not knowing what [FILTERED] meant , and the two-nosed man answered for him , `` I think he has a nice baby head , but it isn't big enough for you to take yet '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Instructions for preparing clay , drying , glazing and firing are not given . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the final analysis his contribution to American historiography was founded on almost intuitive insights into religion , economics , and Darwinism , the three factors which conditioned his search for a law of history . (Filtered Words: 0)
But put them before a situation which they are forced to depict '' , -- he was speaking of the Spanish civil war , -- `` and they have no hesitation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw Mose squatting by the hearth , breaking up hardtack into a pan . (Filtered Words: 0)
He refused to bring [FILTERED] to it even as an occasional visitor , claiming that his every move was watched by spies of the Milbankes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nearness to markets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nearly any lad with a modicum of skill might find a payday awaiting him in the Three I League , or the Pony League , or the Coastal Plains League , or the fast Eastern League , if not indeed in one of the hundreds of city leagues that abounded everywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a symposium and general exploration of the field of Personal Perception and Interpersonal Behavior the discussion does not touch upon this aspect of the subject , with one possible exception ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now go '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Circular motion , however , since it is eternal and perfectly continuous , lacks termini . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] led the birthcontrol league , Mrs. [FILTERED] was arthritis , and way in the distance could be seen the slate roof of [FILTERED] house , a roof that signified gout . (Filtered Words: 3)
By 800 [FILTERED] the Aegean was an area of common tongue and of common culture . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , she really does not know how to match the quantity of dollars given away by a quality of leadership that is basically needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Meltzer's voice , quiet , calm , strong , started the Kaddish , the prayer for the dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
and bright though they all were , they could not possibly compete for her interest with Papa , whose mind -- although he never tried to dazzle or patronize lesser lights with it -- naturally eclipsed theirs and made them seem to her even younger than they were . (Filtered Words: 0)
For him to divorce God and wife simultaneously would be bad publicity . (Filtered Words: 0)
That society responds by condemning the private eye as a threat to the status quo , a potential criminal . (Filtered Words: 0)
It does no harm for wine to stand on end for a matter of days , but in terms of months and years it is fatal . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Clerfayt may moon on about the face of Death in the cockpit ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You saw the colors of it , didn't you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , vice-president and secretary ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
This pressure has urged re-evaluation of the assumptions underlying their professional ethics ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
particularly the scholarship fund . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Red , come along . (Filtered Words: 0)
The medical device pirate of today , of course , is a far more sophisticated operator than his predecessor of yesteryear -- the gallus-snapping hawker of snake oil and other patent medicines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spectacular displays of this sort are relatively rare in the entire land surface of the earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional records of slow growth have been omitted . (Filtered Words: 0)
If it's true that contented cows give more milk , why shouldn't happy ball players produce more base hits ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
County officials have cooperated consistently . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned and left the room , hearing Eddie say : `` Someday you'll see I was right '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The rapid advance in science today suggests many other avenues of investigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outlook for entertainment electronics in 1961 is certainly far from clear at present , but recent surveys have shown a desire on the part of consumers to step up their buying plans for durable goods . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ecumenical congregation (Filtered Words: 0)
Teeth again flashing back at me , the driver released a deluge of Spanish in which `` amigo '' appeared every so often like an island in the stormy waves of surrounding sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are abstracting from the fact of strikes here , but it should be obvious that the extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is also a function of the show of resistance put up by the industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fire of the colors was gone ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of the relatively short period of time that we have experienced among you , we have already seen many indications of your character and spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
All responses , except comments , were numerically coded to permit use of data-processing equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` -- one word of this gets to Guardino '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
He was busy , he said , in having someone submit to a monkey-gland operation . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a quick change from the plaintive song to a conversational tone . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was dead before he hit the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] told me that his brother always sent roses to his mother , blossoms bought with Vic's allowance to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
That is the play . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe it's nothing , maybe it's intraepithelial or in situ -- can't take any chances '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they must have technical and investment assistance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ideas , in and of themselves , are not necessarily the greatest good . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Twins tied the score in the sixth inning when [FILTERED] beat out a high chopper to third base and scored on [FILTERED] double to left . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] doubted that any animal belonging to Jess would find much reassurance in its owner's voice . (Filtered Words: 1)
Walk . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some ten years ago that page was torn out , I don't know by whom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Man in a boat , there's a lot of places he can put in at and a lot of reasons he can be away for a bit . (Filtered Words: 0)
For further information , contact SBA Regional Offices in Atlanta , Ga. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She worked as a domestic , first in Newport for a year , and then in South Bethlehem , Pennsylvania , for another year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several more will open soon . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are more poems dated in the 1890's than in the '80's -- Hardy had apparently resumed the viewless wings as he decreased the volume of his fiction -- but none in 1891 , the year of Tess , and only one in 1895 , the year of Jude . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sculptor looked at him , bugeyed and amazed , angry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
His shout had been taken up and repeated . (Filtered Words: 0)
What a silly , artificial way of life , [FILTERED] and his librettists chuckle . (Filtered Words: 1)
They have pulled out all my teeth and now she will carve out my tongue with her hacksaw ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Strategic forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clerk paid them no attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Dunston the rent would run close to two hundred a month ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
you can't very well sidle up to people on the street and ask if they want to buy a hot Bodhisattva . (Filtered Words: 0)
Emerson -- Platonist , idealist , doctrinaire -- sounded a high Transcendental note in his `` Boston Hymn '' , delivered in 1863 in the Boston Music Hall amidst thundering applause : `` Pay ransom to the owner and fill the bag to the brim . (Filtered Words: 0)
She radiated warmth and good fellowship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern writers , who are supposed to keep their fingers firmly upon the pulse of their subjects , insist upon drawing out this legend , prolonging its burial , when it well deserves a rest after the overexploitation of the past century . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Infectious hepatitis '' , he shouted heartily . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were slight fibrosis and marked arteriolosclerosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since little is known about autism , and almost nothing has been written for the layman , we'd like to share one experienced mother's comments . (Filtered Words: 0)
The threshold mass of about Af corresponds to a 10-M-diameter sphere of density Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did anything happen during the night '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Facilities inventory (Filtered Words: 0)
The task force might make a start in Washington with Republican congressional leaders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matching funds also can be obtained for procurement of such items as radios , sirens and rescue trucks , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
We heard him before he ever showed , and we heard him yelling after he was out of sight . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the storm , the sky cleared blue and cool , and fragrant air swept the hills . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drifting here and there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The League of Women Voters , 40 now and admitting it proudly , is inviting financial contributions in the windup of its fund drive . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the first moves made after a cabinet decision was to request the United States to establish a full-fledged military assistance group instead of the current civilian body . (Filtered Words: 0)
most important to Patchen , he was a non-literary hero , and very contemporary . (Filtered Words: 0)
It probably will be necessary to install an outside antenna , particularly to receive CONELRAD broadcasts . (Filtered Words: 0)
if the Government certifies that production may be possible from the property , the royalty obligation continues for the 10-year period usually specified in the contract or until the Government's contribution is repaid with interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , when I drove down to church , didn't it speak to me , seeing the lights still on and the day crisp and clear ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I promised him I wouldn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We attempted to conclude this , and did so by having the papers burned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Operating side by side , together they helped shore up the nation-state . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 12 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only , this old man's connivance was even less to her taste than Selma Cotter's open censure . (Filtered Words: 0)
airdrops and airstrips ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A conscientious girl became the secretary of a doctor . (Filtered Words: 0)
But until we have an effective spacecraft , the answer to the hunter-killer problem is manned aircraft . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reprisals are not unheard of in such situations , but the recent tendency has been for the Congress to forgive its prodigal sons . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It is no good recommending surrender rather than nuclear warfare with the proviso that surrender could be followed by the effective military resistance by occupied peoples . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm hopeful that from more traditional exchanges we can perhaps find greater common ground '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is a member of the Institute of Radio Engineers , and is chairman of the Electronic Industries Association Committee on Printed and Modular Components . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was the conclusion of the first phase of a process of tragic recollection , and of refining the recollection , that will last as long as there are Jews . (Filtered Words: 0)
Serves 12 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they were not . (Filtered Words: 0)
A blower is essential for the double-wall shelter and for the underground shelters . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Presidential box someone leaned over the balustrade and yelled : `` He has shot the President '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He had long black hair and a wispy beard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Congress reacted with a series of measures modifying in various ways what it had granted in 1875 . (Filtered Words: 0)
You had to have convictions to lie down in the road in all those clothes and appear as though you might wish to turn yourself out of your own home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will our bombs be cleaner or will their fallout be less harmful to future generations of children ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The best rule of thumb for detecting corked wine ( provided the eye has not already spotted it ) is to smell the wet end of the cork after pulling it : if it smells of wine , the bottle is probably all right ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And once begun , had grown to such monstrous proportions . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , of course , you couldn't see too well through the veil '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the child health field , the President said he will recommend later an increase in funds for programs under the children's bureau . (Filtered Words: 0)
In general , it appears that educational decisions and educational policies are made by people who intend to act in the interests of the society as a whole . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] winked at his six cronies . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the same way he pantomimed grasping a mantel and bouncing cleanly off that , pressing his hands against the floor and bouncing cleanly off that . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s insight is verified by the mysterious link between [FILTERED] and his arch-opponent , Dr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
That the Court order does not unequally affect the Southern region ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The reference coordinator at headquarters also serves as a consultant , and is available to work with the local librarian in helping to strengthen local reference service . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last point was soon to be included in the `` seditious '' remarks used against him in Parliament . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hong Kong interests loudly protest limiting their exports to Britain , while Spanish and Portuguese textiles pour into British market unrestrictedly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've got this cold '' , he wrote . (Filtered Words: 0)
that the tremendous volume of General Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Keane left , within three days . (Filtered Words: 0)
The door panels are designed to accommodate standard doors which should be of exterior grade . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frequently enough , the police are themselves in league with the killer ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I have often searched for a graphic way of impressing our superiority on those Americans who have doubts , and I think Mr. [FILTERED] has done it well in his new book American Might And [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
They had divided the Congo into six provinces -- Leopoldville , [FILTERED] , Kivu , Katanga , Equator and Eastern -- unfortunately with little regard for ethnic groupings . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was stern and overbearing with his flock , but obsequious and conciliatory with the whites , especially the rich who partly supported the church . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lewis himself furthered these tales . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of them have been assimilated , but sometimes a man in Miyagi or [FILTERED] prefectures is much more hairy than the average Japanese , and occasionally a girl will be strikingly lovely , her coloring warmed and improved by a little of the tawny honey-in-the-sun tint of the invaders from the South . (Filtered Words: 1)
From upstream it looks like a long arcaded box laid across the river ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He is going sound again now , and looks good . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our discussion does not utilize all the identity crises postulated by Erikson , but is intended to demonstrate the utility of his theoretical schema for studying unwed mothers . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it helps the builder because it can handle a more efficiently packaged load , can deliver it to the best spot ( in some cases , right on the roof or inside the house ) , and never takes any of the builder's high-priced labor to help unload it . (Filtered Words: 0)
To this effect I had already severed all connections which bound me to my former existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] suggests the economic evils of such a society on the first page of his novel in the description of [FILTERED]'s five little dead brothers `` who gave up trying to get a living exceedingly early in that universal struggle '' , who seemed to have `` all been born on their backs with their hands in their trousers-pockets , and had never taken them out in this state of existence '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
There was a gentle concern in Benson's voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mama tried to talk to them and keep them quiet while she tidied up the sitting room before the First Family returned . (Filtered Words: 0)
The architects , the tile and carpet makers , the potters , painters , calligraphers , and metalsmiths worked through [FILTERED]'s reign and those of his successors to enrich the city . (Filtered Words: 1)
Shirl Winter said , `` I'll stay on the phone , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Too many new things are happening for it to be a complete erotic fulfillment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all of Palfrey's slaves were aboard the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is something more than the arithmetical sum of individual totals of piety and detachment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ordinary politeness may have militated against this opinion being stated so badly but anyone with a wide acquaintance in both groups and who has sat through the many round tables , workshops or panel discussions -- whatever they are called -- on this subject will recognize that the final , boiled down crux of the matter is education . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were inseparable , not because they were fond of each other , but because they wanted to keep an eye on each other , as they were keen rivals for social leadership . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question was `` Where to land '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
they are no longer a puzzling aspect of intricately variable , local planetary motions . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have a couple of them I'm figuring on ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked at his watch . (Filtered Words: 0)
The assignment of actual addresses to symbolic index word and electronic switch names occurs in Phase 3 , of the Autocoder processor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Steele's main business here is to arouse public opinion to the immediate danger of a Stuart Restoration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Isolated enterprises have been launched , but they are not yet related to each other in a meaningful pattern . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grant called it prompt , skillful and brilliant . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was getting real dramatic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most surprising of all , he has accomplished some prodigies in training for the production of words . (Filtered Words: 0)
When ity is added , real clearly has two syllables . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was listening to other voices , out of the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is a member of the Midwest Collegiate Athletic Conference and abides by its eligibility rules . (Filtered Words: 1)
He wanted to identify with people and have a connection with them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He helped her meet people so she could go out and do the work she wanted . (Filtered Words: 0)
His sarcasm was followed by a stupid grin of his thick mouth and bad teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , in that same cabin , [FILTERED] fell to his knees beside a bunk . (Filtered Words: 1)
If either one ever started making promises , there is no telling where the promises would end . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even before the century was out the tide of reaction had set in . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s band has been infected with his solid sense of swing , and what it does seems far more meaningful than most of the noise generated by the big concert aggregations . (Filtered Words: 1)
If you do use a cold frame be sure that its ventilation is adequate . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hated them too much to understand -- the people of this isolated law-unto-itself world that was Lord's world . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so the sun came up again and for a moment its color was the young men's blood , shifting then into the full heat and outcry which ran with their hearts . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is simple enough , but several more points of interest may be mentioned as relevant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything possible has been scaled to standard sizes and measurements of materials . (Filtered Words: 0)
The better quality products in both of these lines contain phosphate builders . (Filtered Words: 0)
She found this a marvel because , as she said , only six per cent of English people are churchgoers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was like finally getting into one's own nightmares to punish one's dreams . (Filtered Words: 0)
DA , DC , DTF , and DLINE require more than one entry . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in the new `` King Of Kings '' the plot involves intrigues and twists and turns that cannot be traced to the Gospels . (Filtered Words: 0)
One finds it difficult to pass censure on the lonely figure who waited for days for a saving word from his zealously served idol , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mental telepathy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There is some reason to think that thyroglobulin synthesis may proceed independently of iodination , for in certain transplantable tumours of the rat thyroid containing essentially no iodinated thyroglobulin , a protein that appears to be thyroglobulin has been observed in ultracentrifuge experiments ( Wolff , Robbins and Rall , 1959 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the slave's dying words about the woman troubled the coroner's panel , Dandy's accusation was adjudged an aberration by the jury and disregarded . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the first scene begins to fade , the succeeding scene begins to appear . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled all the way to her wise , sad eyes , and drained her own . (Filtered Words: 0)
There ain't nobody askin' for your ticket stub , neither '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But even when the police are honest , they do not trust the private eye . (Filtered Words: 0)
Orlick slouches about the forge `` like Cain '' with `` his hands in his pockets '' , and when he shouts abuse at Mrs. [FILTERED] for objecting to his holiday , she claps her hands in a tantrum , beats them `` upon her bosom and upon her knees '' , and clenches them in her husband's hair . (Filtered Words: 1)
It has been said of John Stuart Mill that he wrote so clearly that he could be found out . (Filtered Words: 0)
A strange wood creature came floating up from a patch of berry bushes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Delphine stood like stone , her eyes alive with hate as she looked down at the sheeted corpse . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the camp emptied , it was refilled by a draining of the camps and towns around Lublin , then by deportees from outside Poland . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is world-wide knowledge that any power which might be tempted today to attack the United States by surprise , even though we might sustain great losses , would itself promptly suffer a terrible destruction . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wailed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Kohnstamm-positive subjects seemed to be freer to experience the unusual and seemingly impossible in the external world . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was dreaming he had his head pressed against the dashboard of a speeding car . (Filtered Words: 1)
1960 witnessed another substantial increase in our industry's shipments of military electronics , which totalled about $5.4 billion compared to $4.9 billion in 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a short time , both [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] joined the class with me so they wouldn't feel lonely , and we used to hang a sign on the door of the [FILTERED]-off reading out to work . (Filtered Words: 3)
General responsibility for its administration rested with a division of the colonial government concerned with labor supply and native affairs , Service des Affaires Indigenes et de la Main-d'Oeuvre ( AIMO , Af Direction , Af Direction Generale , Gouvernement Generale ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , `` the Lord is my light '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As [FILTERED] agonizes over the theft that his own hands have committed , his guilty conscience projects itself upon the wooden finger of a local signpost , transforming it into `` a phantom devoting me to the Hulks '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- Fifteen members of the Republican State Committee who are retiring -- voluntarily -- this year were honored yesterday by their colleagues . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay , I'm Happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The father , accurately perceiving the child's needs , not only respected them as worthy of his attention , but immediately satisfied them by taking him on his lap along with the twins , saying , `` I have a big lap ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There was something maimed and crazy about its motion that disturbed them . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was the further complication that the administration had very early concluded that Laos was ill suited to be an ally , unlike its more determined neighbors , Thailand and South Viet Nam . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I only said I was hungry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like Mr. [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] is both composer and lyriist for Milk And Honey ( R. C. A. Victor LOC 1065 ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
So an objective look at our present procedures may move us to consider seriously this possibly analogous situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alloy steels and regular steels had different sales departments at Smith & MacIsaacs , where [FILTERED] and Bobbie both worked . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] shrieked behind us . (Filtered Words: 1)
When so instructed , Autocoder will generate one or more RDWS and assign them successive locations immediately preceding the area with which they are to be associated . (Filtered Words: 0)
only to the other fellow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Makes necessary purchases , places contracts , supervises construction , installation , finishing and placement of furniture , fixtures and other correlated furnishings , and follows through to completion of project '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They went along the pass talking with each other for a short while until they came to a river roaring with torrent . (Filtered Words: 0)
My spoon stirring coffee , banging against the side of the cup , sounded as loud as a bell . (Filtered Words: 0)
The day before Election Day , to which we are entitled as a legal holiday , we were informed to report to our respective polls to work as `` workers of the party '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cold supper was ordered and a bottle of port . (Filtered Words: 0)
You have just given me permission to leave France , which I did . (Filtered Words: 0)
The screen door was unlocked for some ten or fifteen minutes while [FILTERED] was sick in the back . (Filtered Words: 1)
It appears in a form that is admirably suited to the powers of the digital computer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could it be that my own eyes and ears had deceived me ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , `` First thing I do when I get to Vicksburg again , is get me a Yankee '' -- (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You are a big muscle-bound ape and you got this idea about setting a record . (Filtered Words: 0)
Helva's hum then had a curious vibrancy , a warm , dulcet quality even in its aimless chromatic wanderings . (Filtered Words: 0)
This increase in the `` threshold '' , as the conventional forces strengthening is called , will prove one of the alliance's most difficult problems in the months to come . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore '' (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not stop to analyze . (Filtered Words: 0)
This costs less than having a completely separate cooling system , for your regular heating ductwork , filters and furnace blower do double duty for cooling . (Filtered Words: 0)
The spaciousness of the Tudor cooking areas , for example , will provide needed space for the extra television sets required by modern butlers , cooks and maids . (Filtered Words: 0)
and I was six days going thither and coming homewards ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
With a whirling jump , it could get into gear . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took Madden into the room he used as an office . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw holes in planes at the airport and in cars in the streets . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he warmed up after a while . (Filtered Words: 0)
I use this term to mean three things : a search for the human significance of an event or state of affairs , a tendency to look at wholes rather than parts , and a tendency to respond to these events and wholes with feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the latter knows nothing about the absent sitter except his name ( given by the experimenter ) , he cannot possibly give any clues , conscious or unconscious , far less ask leading questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
They thundered at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The owner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Good field techniques will not only equip linguists for better work , but also help them overcome negative attitudes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Better stay in the hotel lobby , where the walls looked good and thick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other members of the Portland delegation attending the conference in Columbus are : [FILTERED] , Jefferson high school ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I never knew there were such neighbors and friends around me and my family . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shunned publicity for himself and sought to avoid fame . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See Chapters 30 through 37 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The north-bound entrance to the Expressway at 14th Street will be closed during the afternoon rush traffic hours this week . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wild boar watched their progress with little pig eyes , and grunted derision when they didn't consider such game worthy of a shot from the . (Filtered Words: 0)
As strength improves start in a standing position with legs wide apart and upper body bent forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cylinder volume is determined in exactly the same manner as for the displacement formula : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
And now , in March , all Laos suffered a state of siege . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked a silly question : `` You've no idea where your husband could be , now '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
To add handle , place a wooden dowel against the inside wall of creamer . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
But I wouldn't have suggested it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was time to go up myself '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In is she Chinese or Japanese ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] actually writes his with a nice ear for a gracefully composed sentence , with an intense relish in all the metaphorical resources of English , with a thick shower of sophisticated , cultural references . (Filtered Words: 1)
Later it developed that the Soviets had a very different interpretation of democracy , which will be discussed later , and their judgment never told them that the Big Three should unite in establishing democratic conditions , as we understand them , within their zone of influence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor would he work at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps this was reality and [FILTERED] , the actor , was delusion ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
This is a remarkable book and an astonishingly interesting one . (Filtered Words: 0)
I will deal with these later on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't tell me about drunks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was out for the day , but Mr. [FILTERED] would be free at one-thirty . (Filtered Words: 2)
If we don't take care , the sisters will be entering the fray on opposite sides , brandishing their cudgels '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spent concentrated weeks putting his two figures together : a Mary who would be young and sensitive , yet strong enough to hold her son on her lap ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Beyond it I noted a small green column , about twelve feet below the present ground level -- the Serpentine Column , three entwined serpents , which once stood at the Temple of Apollo at Delphi , Greece . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` By yourself '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The equipment was solid and heavy and in good condition . (Filtered Words: 0)
New Orleans supplied the goods for the trade on the Mississippi , and west of that river , and on the Ohio and Wabash . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President and his advisers felt that the time might have come to warn Premier [FILTERED] against a grave miscalculation in areas such as Berlin , Iran or Latin America from which there would be no turning back . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You're back there riding with the guerrillas , the Moccasin Rangers '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably the last of the original Island Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
He walked with a heavy list to the right , as that leg was four inches shorter than the other , but the lurch did not reduce his feline quickness with his guns . (Filtered Words: 0)
In New York City , WLIB boasts `` more community service programs than any other Negro station '' and `` one of the largest Negro news staffs in America '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nope , just you , all the time -- sometimes I think it's the only way I'll ever get a decent partner '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I recall the startling , vivid realism of a dream in which I lived through the horror of the bombing of a little Korean town . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] asked sadly , when he came in . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Be careful , McLish '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
An average national figure for two to three years of treatment would be $650 to $1,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not binding upon another Superior Court , which could rule to the contrary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lieutenant [FILTERED] could envy the officers and men of the John Harvey in their innocent assumption that the ship contained nothing more dangerous than high explosive bombs . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` If you become a Baptist , I will not '' , Ann informed her husband , but sweeping her threat aside Adoniram continued to search for an answer to the personal dilemma in which he found himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Republicans (Filtered Words: 0)
They are about to do so at any moment as it is . (Filtered Words: 0)
The controlling pattern was first displayed in the Hungary-Suez crisis of November 1956 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is some reason to think that thyroglobulin synthesis may proceed independently of iodination , for in certain transplantable tumours of the rat thyroid containing essentially no iodinated thyroglobulin , a protein that appears to be thyroglobulin has been observed in ultracentrifuge experiments ( Wolff , Robbins and Rall , 1959 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Olivetti had a special interest for Hodges . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it did print good verse and good fiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cites discrepancies (Filtered Words: 0)
Over all these fairly awkward problems Khrushchev was to skate rather lightly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A table or set of tables may be set out as in Table 2.1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm mad '' , and only wished he had been . (Filtered Words: 0)
nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development . (Filtered Words: 0)
This caution has been particularly noticeable in a tendency of retailers and distributors to shift the inventory burden back on the supplier , and the fact stocks at retail are low in many lines has escaped attention because of the presence of higher stocks at the manufacturing level . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a society where everything is for sale , [FILTERED] is the only man who cannot be bought . (Filtered Words: 1)
Five basic forces (Filtered Words: 0)
A river , wide as the Missouri , where it ran by his place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sashimi was In , [FILTERED] had suggested , because it was too far Out to stay Out , even if it was a little pretentious . (Filtered Words: 1)
Membership is open to any woman student in the College . (Filtered Words: 0)
Air Force life is great , the cadet wrote , `` though the fourth-class system is no fun '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Be quiet , Devol ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
When she appeared at the store to help out for a few hours even my looking at her was surreptitious lest my [FILTERED] notice it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Therefore employment and education in all the schools in a metropolitan area are related in different ways from those which are characteristic of the comprehensive high school described in my first report . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon they were all shouting greetings , exchanging smiles , and rejoicing to think that they were all back together again . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was then subdued and placed in the police car to be taken to Grady Hospital for treatment of scratches received in the melee . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of what new course could it mark the beginning ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the small group will be the junior and senior Mrs. [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] caught the ball just as the catcher slid into the bag . (Filtered Words: 1)
It also urged that the U.N. eject , and prevent the return of , all Belgian and other foreign military and political advisers ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
total disinterest (Filtered Words: 0)
That , however , may also bring the police , if the thinking does not meet with social approval . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only one house on the street had no lawn before it . (Filtered Words: 0)
More word class ratios determined in more languages will no doubt ultimately answer the question . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I suppose now that you've finally grown up , if a little late , you'd go on producing kittens every six months or so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Has Moss no stirling virtues ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Four parks planned (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a good use of money . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus replied , ' let it be so for the present ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He added that he also stresses the works of these favorite masters on tour , especially [FILTERED]'s First and Fourth symphonies , and [FILTERED] der [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED]'s Sixth -- which is rarely played -- and Seventh . (Filtered Words: 4)
He had been sitting in the usual corner at the little table , as far as possible from any talkative , friendly lushes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He does not expect to be able to trammel up all the future consequences of his action . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1959 President [FILTERED] and Premier [FILTERED] held an informal session in the U. S. . (Filtered Words: 2)
For larger plantings , you'll need some kind of power for plowing , harrowing , disking , and cultivating . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later it was gratifying to note that they had set so solidly as to be hard to remove when the time came . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked , winking wildly . (Filtered Words: 0)
What did he come for , hey ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
sometimes when he was pressing , [FILTERED] raised her dresses to his face . (Filtered Words: 1)
Soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs , and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wider space between iron bars and agreement by prison boards to substitute rubber in 20 per cent of metal . (Filtered Words: 0)
This procedure was repeated one day a month for four months . (Filtered Words: 0)
As she told it , `` He's a rich boy friend , an old guy about 60 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Resolved that the anti-slavery sentiment is becoming ripe for resolute action . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who's that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
today , 85% is in plastics . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the testing room he was to make , successively , three presentations to three different people . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know because this is my 37th year with hardly a break . (Filtered Words: 0)
On C , from the point P at Af to the point Q at Af , we construct the chord , and upon the chord as a side erect a square in such a way that as S approaches zero the square is inside C . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps he sensed some connection between the incident on the freighter and the ascetic at Ryusenji , he was unable to put it together . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the game , [FILTERED] was taking off his sweatshirt in the dressing room when [FILTERED] came in . (Filtered Words: 2)
for he was created not exactly immortal , nor yet exactly mortal , but capable of immortality as well as of mortality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carbondale is in the Herrin-Murphysboro-West Frankfort labor market , where unemployment has been substantially higher than the national average . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the site may not contain the features themselves , there are often opportunities to include them as additional interest to the site . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was only after we had responded , with what I fear were similar cliches , that she went into action by questioning our desire for friendship and understanding with a challenge about aggressive and warlike actions by the U.S. Government in Cuba and Laos . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said it was after she returned from her vomiting spell in the back yard that Mrs. [FILTERED] told her to wash the windows . (Filtered Words: 1)
By early June they were a hundred miles off the coast of Ceylon , by which time all four missionaries were hardened seafarers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bronchus and pulmonary artery in this lung type maintain a close relationship throughout . (Filtered Words: 0)
By swaying the balance between them , he effected the alternation of the seasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again he refused . (Filtered Words: 0)
Barton waited for a long moment , then asked the question which lay always uppermost in his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were two horses in the barn , a sway-backed dun and [FILTERED] buckskin . (Filtered Words: 1)
We straightened Pops up and I made sure there was no trace of a heartbeat . (Filtered Words: 0)
They've occupied a 22-acre site since the early 1900's . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hurry ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] emerged as an incarnation of the national Constitution . (Filtered Words: 1)
What they should recognize is that children who have been placed in one of these groups on a narrow academic basis still differ widely in attributes that influence success , and that they still must be treated as individuals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Am I nuts ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
First was the period of codification of existing law : the Code Napoleon in France and the peculiar codification that , in fact , resulted from [FILTERED]'s restatement and ordering of the Common Law in England . (Filtered Words: 1)
Circular motion , however , since it is eternal and perfectly continuous , lacks termini . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do your employees understand all the benefits to which your insurance entitles them ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Sampson Hanover-Justitia Hanover ) is improving with each work-out and paced 2:32.4 weeks ago . (Filtered Words: 1)
And , much as she detested [FILTERED] , she also did not accuse him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even on his tough constitution , the exposure and strenuous activity were beginning to tell in earnest . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when this proposal was made to his Deacon Board , he met unanimous opposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Across the way from the apartment building is a ruined house , shot to hell that day in 1849 , and left that way as a memorial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Budgeting must be flexible to allow adaptation to the rapid changes in scientific and technological scholarship . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said his father was sleeping , and then went through a pantomime at his father's door , to prove the statement . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You stay out of this '' , she spat at me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The production , designed by [FILTERED] , was completely traditional but traditional in the right way . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet we who lean upon such a man and draw strength from him and expect interpretation of the infinite through him -- we who readily accept his sacrifice as our due , we of the congregations are the first to tell him what is in our minds instead of listening to what is in his soul . (Filtered Words: 0)
The startled animal let out a terrified squeal and thrashed around in the stall . (Filtered Words: 0)
For our present purposes we assume that the sole subject of bargaining is the basic wage rate ( not including productivity improvement factors or cost-of-living adjustments ) , and it is this basic wage rate which determines the level of costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
And let me add , utopianism , also . (Filtered Words: 0)
Papa had left us about the same hour of the night that [FILTERED] had passed on . (Filtered Words: 1)
Well , he told himself , let's put the show on the road . (Filtered Words: 0)
g-p men served (Filtered Words: 0)
not only loathing of captivity , but a faith , a hope that is even stronger . (Filtered Words: 0)
heavy foil on hand at all times . (Filtered Words: 0)
A second car was coming from the west , from the direction of Sanford's Run . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] still hesitated , but [FILTERED] lifted him almost bodily into the saddle and thrust the reins in his hand . (Filtered Words: 2)
We showed them to each other and said `` Would you have guessed '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He instructed [FILTERED] to compose a note of thanks to be posted on the call board . (Filtered Words: 1)
and the First World War . (Filtered Words: 0)
As has happened so often in the past , the ability to recognize true greatness has been inadequate and tardy . (Filtered Words: 0)
TASS datelined Los Angeles , in English to Europe : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But what about our landing was lethal to the creatures '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
More often than not , as the Old Grad wanders along the old paths , his memory of happy days when he strolled one of the paths with a coed beside him becomes an ache and a pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had it . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was happy enough to take the convertible and race up the hill to the Blevins' , thinking that they might give him a drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
And you've got to be ready to cut to ribbons anybody who wants to take your way of life away from you '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Mahayana Buddhism was no exception to these prevailing magical concepts . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] looked for the fourth man . (Filtered Words: 1)
) and was repealed . (Filtered Words: 0)
After allowing for group exposures , it is apparent that other factors must be considered if we are to comprehend fanaticism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes he did this three or four times a day , for this Woman was almost always with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gun told himself that the old bastard was a fool . (Filtered Words: 0)
A foolish thought came into his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel steered me along toward a school for young boys beginning to study the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Outputs of the two systems are measured by a pulse-timing circuit and a resistance bridge , followed by a simple analogue computer which feeds a multichannel recorder . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a strained , silent lunch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon as the Burnsides moved on , he'd lead [FILTERED] down by the river ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
His calmness offers contrast to [FILTERED]'s youthful excitement . (Filtered Words: 1)
The image of God has simply disappeared . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have the class lie prone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The South (Filtered Words: 0)
He was also personally active in ward politics , and by 1924 O'Banion had acquired sufficient political might to be able to state : `` I always deliver my borough as per requirements '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Results (Filtered Words: 0)
Incidentally , I'm pretty famous in these parts : I'm called The Wrangler '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Along with a director , the city should provide a CD headquarters so that pertinent information about the local organization would be centralized . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not unless they have '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Community shelters are , of course , necessary for those having no space for shelter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The private detective must rely , as the Youngest Son or Trickster Hero does in primitive myth , on his wits . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt it and it ate on me all the time , but I didn't know how right I was till later . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , God , the name repeated over and over , anybody to hear -- Not being a fool , Mr. [FILTERED] knew why . (Filtered Words: 1)
Relative incident light intensities were measured with a thermopile potentiometer system . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the government of the United States of America : (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was not . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who are you and what happened to you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He often donned their tribal costumes , such as the one featuring a tall , black sheepskin hat from the top of which dangled a little red bag ornamented by a chain of worsted lace and tassels ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The injured German veteran was a former miner , twenty-four years old , who had been wounded by shrapnel in the back of the head . (Filtered Words: 0)
It pays in the long ( hot ) run to take good care of the water works . (Filtered Words: 0)
He arose slowly and brushed himself off . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Customer '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Democrat [FILTERED] , Chairman of the House Military Affairs Committee , declined to introduce the bill . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Only when I do it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
after a snowstorm a landscape smelling `` of woodsmoke and clarity '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Murder ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The average sludge age based on displacement of solids was calculated to be 14.5 days . (Filtered Words: 0)
her great love of flowers and plants and birds ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
An advertisement in the `` Newburyport Herald '' , December 21 , 1810 , shows Palmer in a new light as an expert on chain bridges . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stressed the wild beauty of the mountains , and the jungles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The equally ardent proponent of freedom from any kind of censorship may find the nude human form the `` natural , honest , free expression of man's spirit and the epitome of beauty and inspiration '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two children , both boys , wandered around the Australian and me for a few moments and then returned to their work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of this Dr. [FILTERED] holds that the universe is becoming more thinly populated by stars and whatever else is there . (Filtered Words: 1)
Wouldn't Johnnie do practically anything in the world to insure my happiness ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Courses are offered in ethics , the philosophy and history of religion , Christian thought and history , and the Bible . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Go through his pockets , will you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You could also say that in these pamphlets is a relieving quality of maturity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Signs are meant to convey a message , and in most cases , this requires words and letters . (Filtered Words: 0)
No figures were submitted with the report and no action was taken on it by the town . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s conception of this novel was sound and perhaps even noble . (Filtered Words: 1)
These are not governmentally subsidized organizations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The approximate equation is Af , where N is the number of Af with electron line-density greater than or equal to Af , and Q is proportional to the mass of the meteorite . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had the black numerals on his arm , so he had been branded in a concentration camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is English , bearded , formidably cultivated , the versatile author of numerous volumes of short stories , of novels and of pieces that are neither short stories nor travel articles but something midway between . (Filtered Words: 1)
Such a revision , he said , would ruin it , would change his whole conception of the play as well as the treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
I would say , too , that the study of literature tends to give a person what I shall call depth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The correlation ( Table 2 ) between onset age and completion age was -.50 , and that between onset age and [FILTERED] was -.10 . (Filtered Words: 1)
All are well written and are overwritten . (Filtered Words: 0)
tomorrow : no surrender . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , up to now , no one has attempted to analyze its inherent mathematical properties , or the numerical significance of its numbers -- singly or in combination -- and then tried to consider these in the light of Old Chinese cosmological concepts . (Filtered Words: 0)
This leads to efforts at exclusiveness through private schools and to the maintenance of social stratification in the schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
All in all , Montgomery calls for a leader who will anticipate and dominate the events that surround him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The accepted method of writing news has two major liabilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where a building permit is required , find out what you must present when applying for one . (Filtered Words: 0)
But during the same examination , two fingers may be inserted along the posterior wall ( the bottom of the vagina in the same position ) without any pain ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They married cousins , Anta and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
She walked back to the house and entered , feeling herself returning , sensing some kind of opportunity in the empty building . (Filtered Words: 0)
An earlier but still influential school of painting , surrealism , had suggested the way of dealing with the dream experience , that event in which seemingly incongruous objects are linked together through the curious associations of the subconscious . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sounds issuing from beyond -- winches whirring , men shouting -- indicated great activity and excited me . (Filtered Words: 0)
For an instant his men hesitated , unable to believe that their lieutenant , the most popular officer in the regiment , was dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're the man . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Thayer School offers a year of postgraduate study in somewhat the same way , after a boy wins a B.S. in engineering . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , age 16 , Trapp , Penna. , showing a Keeshond was 4th . (Filtered Words: 1)
Is anything being done to increase our margin of safety ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
On his lips , his men following . (Filtered Words: 0)
He keeps the beat going . (Filtered Words: 0)
The date was June 20 , 1922 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But even if we cannot see the repulsive characteristics in this new image of America , foreigners can ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did you do that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , as he entered the jury room , said he was prepared to answer questions about the $12,500 his liquor firm paid to [FILTERED] for `` labor consultant work '' with five unions which organized [FILTERED]'s workers . (Filtered Words: 3)
For Christ's sake ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You're awfully kind '' , the girl said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Possible upshots : The company could be denied a deduction for its pension payments , or those payments for the wife and other employes could be ruled taxable to them in the year made . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deterrent (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Increase expected (Filtered Words: 0)
The greater the depth of the water , the greater is the speed of the wave ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This subject was one who gave an arm-elevation on the second trial in the naive state but not in the first . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a cop patrolling the road Muller would have to be inside a building -- if he was here at all , and not waiting for the prime minister somewhere between this street and the terminal building at La Guardia Airport . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was mud in wet weather and dust , ankle-deep , in dry , and could be crossed only at the corner where there were stepping stones . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
The task of providing a reasonable level of military strength , without endangering other vital aspects of our security , is greatly complicated by the swift pace of scientific progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
The arrangement I had with him was to work four hours a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was something about the contour of her face , her smile that was like New Orleans sunshine , the way she held her head , the way she walked -- there was scarcely anything she did which did not fascinate me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such pseudo-questions assume that answers of concrete significance can be supplied to statements involving undefined universals . (Filtered Words: 0)
A back brace might help , depending upon the cause of sciatica . (Filtered Words: 0)
Production assistance (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mais , oui . (Filtered Words: 0)
I told them some sweet lies and they believed it all . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] at the Escape . (Filtered Words: 6)
The movement to end Negro slavery began before 1815 and mounted after that year until , as a result of the Civil War , emancipation was achieved . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did not see the newspapers the next day . (Filtered Words: 1)
A woman had it or she didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is nothing for you '' , Matsuo said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the Rebels got away since they could make better time through the stiff brush than their naked pursuers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The way she strutted down the street , the Old Man would have been blind not to have noticed both . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the hospitals and doctors should be . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Look at this '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Led fight on teamsters (Filtered Words: 0)
-- the sinless life of Christ (Filtered Words: 0)
With this movie-to-be in London , and new faces about her there , she would soon be a more tranquil , a wiser person , all the better for her stay out here . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do something '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It is true , of course , that the end or objective of this action was different . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Workers of the party '' (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
He had eaten almost nothing on the crested , three-sectioned plate and had drunk about half the milk in its paper container . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was really amazed to discover the other guests so excited about these delicate little songs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He can correct decay , thus preventing early loss of teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , nobody saw us , cop or citizen . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was an automatic phrase ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the Geddes MacGregors , formerly of Scotland , and Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , formerly of Switzerland . (Filtered Words: 1)
It would authorize the Texas Education Agency to establish county-wide day schools for the deaf in counties of 300,000 or more population , require deaf children between 6 and 13 years of age to attend the day schools , permitting older ones to attend the residential Texas School for the Deaf here . (Filtered Words: 0)
It comes and goes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Martin called for patience on the part of Americans . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Heritage collection , to be shown by Sanger-Harris and [FILTERED]'s [FILTERED] , has perhaps more different types of woods and decorations than any one manufacturer ever assembled together at one time . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] sat quietly watching the manager come nearer . (Filtered Words: 1)
and there are different opinions as to the essential functions of religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Workers of the party '' (Filtered Words: 0)
One is impressed with the dignity , clarity and beauty of this new translation into contemporary English , and there is no doubt that the meaning of the Bible is more easily understandable to the general reader in contemporary language in the frequently archaic words and phrases of the King James . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Albania is merely a symptom of a real malaise between China and Russia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapel services are held weekly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Warsaw ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This is one of the main reasons for National Library Week , April 16-22 , and for its theme : `` For a richer , fuller life , read '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Her husband was lying on the kitchen floor , police said . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the generations move on , clothes become more suitable for the enjoyment of outdoor sports . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's happened ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The observed intensity of the radio emission of Venus is much higher than the expected thermal intensity , although the spectrum indicated by measurements at wave lengths near 3 cm and 10 cm is like that of a black body at about 600-degrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
That got everybody up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look at the things we do to escape our fears and to forget our worries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now come , [FILTERED] , we must go quickly . (Filtered Words: 1)
He limps , and the man who hit you and took the cane , he limped . (Filtered Words: 0)
In particular , tangents to C are transformed into tangents to C' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I asked , `` Why didn't you go into the living room to see how Mrs. [FILTERED] was '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Nobody else can live in your hearth while I am in it '' , Hesperus said promptly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both men are known to be honest and public-spirited . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was universally beloved by his neighbours , and the Indians , who esteemed him , not only as a friend , but one high in communion with God in Heaven '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something all of them would regret . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` (Filtered Words: 0)
Jokes , cartoons and cynics to the contrary , mothers-in-law make good friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
She pursed her lips , then clamped them together so tightly that I thought she was angry with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
His mouth was open , his neck corded with the strain of his screams . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nearby [FILTERED] is ousting Negroes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Many spectators will be occupying seats and vantage points bordering Lafayette Square , opposite the White House . (Filtered Words: 0)
Didn't [FILTERED] , after all this time , deserve something better of life ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
they are set forth in your own newspapers . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and center-punch all the holes required for screws to hold this assembly together . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a session at which all the youngsters were told to express their fears , to get them out in the open where they could talk about them freely . (Filtered Words: 0)
A long time . (Filtered Words: 0)
He paced to the window and looked at the city he had helped to build . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] came home . (Filtered Words: 1)
In practical situations there will be restrictions on the admissible operating conditions , and we regard the vectors as belonging to a fixed and bounded set S . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were bifocals . (Filtered Words: 0)
To aid international law (Filtered Words: 0)
Simply enough , through the inadvertent agency of his brother-in-law . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Nikita buys a small plot in some modest rural cemetery , everyone will understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Automobile practices in other states . (Filtered Words: 0)
Union soldiers at times used it for sleeping quarters to escape from the rain or other inclement weather , and some of them left momentoes of their stay by carving their names and small tokens on its walls and beams . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew it would be implied that it was done in this way at his insistence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the non-church members -- the freewheelers , marginal religionists and so on -- have the values of Christian civilization internalized in them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Far from being irrelevant to the ecumenical task , the Pontiff believes that a revivified Church is required in order that the whole world may see Catholicism in the best possible light . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then I felt uncomfortable , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
One had to have friends , and a congenial life in after-duty hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Actually , the abuse of the process may have constituted a contempt of the Criminal court of Cook county , altho vindication of the authority of that court is not the function of this court '' , said [FILTERED] , who is a City judge in East St. Louis sitting in Cook County court . (Filtered Words: 1)
How long , buddy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` public interest '' groups (Filtered Words: 0)
And he hasn't even got a knife on him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It provides for a series of landscaped walkways and a central esplanade that would eventually run through the center of the entire two-and-a-half-mile length of the project . (Filtered Words: 0)
By this time [FILTERED] was not so cordial toward moving Poland westward as he had been at Teheran , where he and [FILTERED] had both heartily approved the idea . (Filtered Words: 2)
Overnight , for one thing , [FILTERED]'s film multiplied the standard running time of movies by ten . (Filtered Words: 1)
Anyone still doubting that this is the only way markets can be is invited to try to imagine a market wherein the majority consistently wins what the minority loses . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the PHS conceded that the new radioactive particles `` will add to the risk of genetic effects in succeeding generations , and possibly to the risk of health damage to some people in the United States '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Me '' , he said merrily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miraculously , she found exactly the right statement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel said that schools and synagogues occupied most of the buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
and by deriving legitimate decision backward from whatever may conceivably or possibly or probably result , whether by anyone's doing or by accident , it finds itself driven to inaction , to non-political action in politics and non-military action in military affairs , and to the not very surprising discovery that there are now no distinctions on which the defense of justice can possibly be based . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the discussion was academic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , whose daughter was also a maid to the queen , wore an ashes of roses slipper satin gown . (Filtered Words: 1)
Trenton (Filtered Words: 0)
Corporations should pay added taxes , to be used for educational purposes ( not necessarily of the formal type ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gun fired next to his ear with a vicious whoosh like the first stroke of an old steam engine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check thickness of clay and build up thin areas by moistening surface with a little water and adding small pieces of clay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pedersen . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it would also be a mistake for them not to realize how comfortable camping has become . (Filtered Words: 0)
The change may require different products , pricing , packaging , warehousing , salesmanship , advertising and executive attention -- practically every link in the marketing network may have to be adjusted . (Filtered Words: 0)
A motley pack , chosen for effectiveness , not beauty . (Filtered Words: 0)
The task of taking the raw material of Marcel Pagnol's original trio of French films about people of the waterfront in [FILTERED] and putting them again on the screen , after their passage through the Broadway musical idiom , was a delicate and perilous one , indeed . (Filtered Words: 1)
They may be unaware of the existence of lower-class values and consequently fail to take them into account . (Filtered Words: 0)
Silence came into the forest -- a solid being that clapped its hand over the murmuring mouths of the birds and the whispered comfort of the trees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , be sure your tripod is handy for those sometimes-necessary time exposures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or what was it that , before Via , Sonny , Walter and all , I began almost to dance with shuddering and cry out , `` I knew she'd do it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
To be sure , the capital investments in ( or , alternatively , the estimated `` fair values '' of ) the plant and equipment are apportioned among the different classes , as are also the gross revenues received from the sales of the different services . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Actually , the abuse of the process may have constituted a contempt of the Criminal court of Cook county , altho vindication of the authority of that court is not the function of this court '' , said [FILTERED] , who is a City judge in East St. Louis sitting in Cook County court . (Filtered Words: 1)
occurrence -- an instance of a form in text . (Filtered Words: 0)
I remember [FILTERED] in the foyer , shouting in his high-pitched voice : `` it may be a tour de force , mais mon [FILTERED] , can anyone take this music seriously '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
He was always concerned with life , and he tried to picture it whole ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Even when he is on the way to Memphis you will still have the promise resting inside you like a gift , and it is he inside of you . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned back from the stairway and looked at her . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nogaret is hardly an impartial witness , and even he did not make his charges against [FILTERED] until the latter was dead , but there is some truth in what he said and more in what he did not say . (Filtered Words: 1)
What would his guns guide on then -- the North Star ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw a dozen or so other outriggers moored there . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the answer to what was that noise ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The poem does not distort the syntax of ordinary speech nor draw on exotic sources of diction , yet it is obviously not ordinary speech -- only Hardy would say `` a grin of bitterness swept thereby ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
From such communal roles the realtor finds the substance that shapes his moral understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why had not this success come to him before he had plunged into his [FILTERED] , and before he had committed himself to a life of austerity and denial ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Taking a shower ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the matter , she wanna go the bathroom '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And what better way to end a day than by dining with artists and gourmets in a squat but charming fisherman's village on the Mediterranean ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You might have failed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s home economics training comes into play as she designs cupboards along modern functional lines for the storage of cleaning materials . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] learned too much about air combat , and air killing , to be risked . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Why didn't you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He tightened his turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
I would turn away from my writing in the hope of getting a good look at them but I never quite succeeded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Historically in America the appeal of cities has been their color and life , the variety of experience they offered . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] in this paper is indicating his sympathy for such a plan . (Filtered Words: 1)
Poor John '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll see '' , Morgan said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
With the exception of Satires Of Circumstance , each volume contains dated poems ranging over several decades ( Winter Words spans sixty-one years ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This might be applied to the top of the nose or the back of the neck , pressed on the upper lip , or inserted into the nostril ( cotton was usually used in this last ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Muffling an exclamation , [FILTERED] sprang to the nearest steps and ran down . (Filtered Words: 1)
He made himself back off slowly , his eyes wary on [FILTERED] , who now had no more to lose than he . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the same time that religion exercises a conserving influence , it also energizes and motivates both individuals and groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , the interest of past members of the Foundation's Advisory Board remains such that they place their knowledge and judgments at our disposal much as they had done when they were , formally , members of that Board . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such books are easy prey for critics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well-stretched , trained in posture and coordinated movement , and wedded to rhythm , they presented the audiences in Rome with one of the most beautiful sights ever seen at any Olympic contest . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the morning wore on and a blazing West Texas sun wiped the shadows off the Franklin Mountains , police got close enough to the plane to pry into the baggage compartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The final sample was not significantly different from a normal distribution in regard to reading achievement or intelligence test scores . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a war reputation , but this was the kind of man women like even without medals . (Filtered Words: 0)
I talked first , telling him everything I knew about [FILTERED] and his house and domestic arrangements . (Filtered Words: 1)
There are 70 children there and the mothers donate one day a week to the school . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone is more or less sceptical and virtually no one has been willing to accept [FILTERED] or [FILTERED]'s position on that point . (Filtered Words: 2)
The British ships rolled at anchor , sent out picket boats and waited for orders from London . (Filtered Words: 0)
They reared tall and mocking . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is easy for the teacher to rationalize that the child who is not achieving in accordance with his known ability is just plain lazy , or that the child who lacks interest in school , who dislikes the teacher , or who is overaggressive is a hopeless delinquent . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
He mentions the beats only once '' , when he refers to their having revived through mere power and abandonment and the unwillingness to , commit death in life some idea of a decent equivalent between verbal expression and actual experience , , but the entire narrative , is written in the tiresome vocabulary `` of '' that lost `` and '' dying cause , `` and in the '' `` sprung syntax that is supposed to supplant , our mother , tongue . (Filtered Words: 0)
With lower levels , thyroid hypertrophy and increased thyroid blood-flow enable the thyroid to accumulate a larger proportion of the daily intake of iodine . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , another Denver rookie , will be on the mound against veteran [FILTERED] at 8 o'clock Tuesday night . (Filtered Words: 2)
to the piazza Navona and pantheon (Filtered Words: 0)
Why did he want her to go to church ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Our building time was slightly over 400 hours -- but the total cost for the hull with [FILTERED] bottom , sink , head and hardware was under $800 . (Filtered Words: 1)
How a child feels about himself , about other people , and about the tasks confronting him in school may have as much influence on his success in school as his physical and intellectual characteristics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without a tremor , `` God forbid '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He says the neighbors complain , but I don't believe it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Mayor spoke yesterday at the United Irish Counties Feis on the Hunter College Campus in the Bronx . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then in 1937 America's International Council of Religious Education authorized a new revision , in the light of expanded knowledge of ancient manuscripts and languages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does that not suggest to you an uncertain and uneasy , not to say confused , state of the public mind ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Calcium , phosphorus and iron are present in worthwhile amounts , and eleven other minerals also have been found in varying trace amounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Backbends (Filtered Words: 0)
Their conclusions concerning the untrustworthiness of the West Saxon annals , the confused chronology of Bede , the unreliability of the early positions of the Anglo-Saxon genealogies and the mythological elements contained in Nennius are now mostly accepted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consciousness is the factor that provides the progressive continuity to sensory impressions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Am I nuts ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Far from creating fear , as the speaker suggests , preparedness -- knowing what to do in an emergency -- gives people confidence . (Filtered Words: 0)
While 2-year-olds are still gaining most of the attention at the track , green horses are starting to go a bit , and [FILTERED] has several that can really make it . (Filtered Words: 1)
But for the average citizen , unfortunately , this is one of science's worst-marked channels , full of tricky currents and unknown depths . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , it must not be forgotten that in achieving this historical feat , Prokofieff had the vast resources of his people behind him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only infrequently did the situation color his thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
The class 1 , stations on these clear channels are protected to their 0.1-mv./m. groundwave contours against daytime cochannel interference . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stop the engines '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1952 , the European Coal and Steel Community was launched , placing the coal and steel production of France , West Germany , Italy and Benelux under a supranational High Authority . (Filtered Words: 0)
By preying on the sick , by playing callously on the hopes of the desperate , by causing the sufferer to delay proper medical care , these medical ghouls create pain and misery by their very activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The armed forces of Taiwan are at a working strength of about 450,000 , though a reserve potential twice that high is contemplated . (Filtered Words: 0)
For treatment of bloat , drug is fed at a higher level . (Filtered Words: 0)
Understanding a work of art involves recognition of the ideas that it reflects or embodies . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I might have starved , but at least I wouldn't be fried to a crisp and soaked with dirt '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was incensed , of course . (Filtered Words: 1)
It handles all types of vehicle maintenance , but concentrates more on `` service station activities '' than on extensive vehicle repairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here is an original kedgeree recipe from the Family Club's kitchen : (Filtered Words: 0)
Circular motion , however , since it is eternal and perfectly continuous , lacks termini . (Filtered Words: 0)
The meaning of this variation in distribution of the bronchial artery as found in the horse is not clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jenny wished now that she had had Dr. [FILTERED] , feeling that somehow he wouldn't have allowed the dear baby to turn into triplets . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cursed with a shaky management and dissatisfied stockholders , it was ripe for amalgamation , and [FILTERED]'s instinct was to keep growing by stock mergers and small expenditure of cash , and never mind inevitable consequences . (Filtered Words: 1)
We also have an ' engineering section head -- research engineer ' classification which has salary possibilities equivalent to that of a research engineer . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( [FILTERED] ) has gone in 2:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
The prisoners averted their eyes but not before he had glimpsed hatred and anger . (Filtered Words: 0)
A checklist in the Appendix ( ( page 30 ) tells what is needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even as he spoke those words [FILTERED] life hung on a thread . (Filtered Words: 1)
From even a cursory inspection of its many aspects , however , the historian can deduce several fundamental conclusions about the progress of the Aegean world down to 800 B.C. (Filtered Words: 0)
A new idea drifted in from nowhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note another piece of wood six inches wide is fastened to the transom between these pieces . (Filtered Words: 0)
The buildings are mostly Georgian . (Filtered Words: 0)
Complete power not only corrupts but it also attracts the mad . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll get around to it a little later '' , he mumbled desperately . (Filtered Words: 0)
But then , redheads are often pale . (Filtered Words: 0)
Separating , they took different sides of the main drag and systematically combed the bars . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are a great aid for planning use back at the office . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their Majesties , The Queen of Carnival and The Queen of [FILTERED] , have jointly issued invitations for Shrove Tuesday evening at midnight at which time they will entertain in the grand ballroom of a downtown hotel following the balls of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs , and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century . (Filtered Words: 0)
Future plans (Filtered Words: 0)
Money -- a lot of money , enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grinned his father . (Filtered Words: 0)
The BOD in the effluent averaged 58 mg/l , a 76-per-cent reduction over the 24-hr. period . (Filtered Words: 0)
He remembered [FILTERED] , and the child . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] took a swig of his sherry . (Filtered Words: 1)
that way you may pay more to shim the window into place than you paid for the window . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first two forces are directly interrelated and depend upon film thickness , whereas Af is independent of these two and is a constant for a given knife/coating combination . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , we started with the first row of bars and worked our way back . (Filtered Words: 0)
This life has its own currents and rhythms , its own multiple cycles and adaptations . (Filtered Words: 0)
new aspirants for power will emerge whose ambitions far exceed their competence ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Contact with him is stimulating . (Filtered Words: 0)
High-speed buses on the George Washington Memorial Parkway , operating between downtown Washington and [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and Brookmont , would constitute an alluring sample of what the new National Capital Transportation Agency can do for this city . (Filtered Words: 2)
Duplicate coverage . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] of [FILTERED] of Seagoville ; ; (Filtered Words: 4)
He was caught in a machine . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED]ists were Quietist mystics , who saw an unchanging unity -- the [FILTERED] -- underlying all phenomena . (Filtered Words: 1)
You'll even gain by putting your water heater outside the conditioned space , and using an electric range instead of a gas one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everybody knew that [FILTERED] had married Edythe on the rebound . (Filtered Words: 1)
Other people were doing it , too , sitting all along the wide banisters and leaning over the parapets above , watching the azaleas mass , or just enjoying the sun . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is absurd of course to say that that one exclamation estranged me from the family I considered my very own , but there it hangs , a cooling void that broke our close connection with each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
An inmate , a former university professor , expounded to us , logically and clearly , that someone was pilfering his thoughts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pistol-whipping an unarmed man might come easy to someone like [FILTERED] , but [FILTERED] couldn't bring himself to do it . (Filtered Words: 2)
Well , she had not come back to Great Island to be understood , praised or condemned . (Filtered Words: 0)
This means the aircraft companies are going to tear into the government market , looking for anything they can get and making the competition tough . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Pardon me , sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because he copiously shed his own tears , and yielded himself up as a living sacrifice to the impersonalized conscience of New England , he was not disturbed by the havoc he worked in other people's consciences . (Filtered Words: 0)
Procedure (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is a private detective , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
In the testing room he was to make , successively , three presentations to three different people . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] glancing at the miniature case , knew there would not be enough in it for the shortest of stays ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Everything tasted differently from what it does on land and those things I was most fond of at home , I loathed the most here '' , [FILTERED] noted . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] shook his head . (Filtered Words: 1)
The latter matter is considered in detail in a later section . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nickel-iron meteorites with sufficient kinetic energy to produce large terrestrial explosion craters may nevertheless melt only small quantities of material . (Filtered Words: 0)
To describe the space of solutions to Af , one must know something about differential equations ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If Af is the null space of Af , then Theorem 12 says that Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
( D ) (Filtered Words: 0)
For in almost less time than it takes to tell it , [FILTERED]'s bodyweight was increasing rapidly . (Filtered Words: 1)
From here on out , the Ariadne was going to be hotter than any space cruiser man had ever dreamed of . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fund-raising drive to buy tractors and machinery was launched . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] also turns up along with some lesser-known contemporaries on a disk called [FILTERED] 18e [FILTERED] ( BAM LD 060 ) . (Filtered Words: 3)
Had More's writings been wholly limited to such exercises , they would be almost as dimly remembered as those of a dozen or so other authors living in his time , whose works tenuously survive in the minds of the few hundred scholars who each decade in pursuit of their very specialized occasions read those works . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another weakness -- far more irritating than his manner of speaking , which he made only token effort to change -- was his devotion to that old horse of Tolley's . (Filtered Words: 0)
the mazurka choreographed by [FILTERED] to music from Moniuszko's opera , `` Strasny Dwor' , may be the most beautiful mazurka you are likely ever to see ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Pick the flowers , keep the soil dampened , and each of the pegged-down branches will take root and become a little plant and go on blooming for the rest of the season . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Machine Tool Division is currently producing Brown & Sharpe single spindle automatic screw machines , grinding machines of many types , and knee and bed-type milling machines . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a means of silencing a discussion which ought to have taken place , the statement is an effective one : we sympathize with the universal confusion which gives rise to such convictions . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the party of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , with 45 per cent of the vote , approaches the party of [FILTERED] , which won 36 per cent , the result would be a stiffening of the old resolve . (Filtered Words: 3)
un off the Congo track (Filtered Words: 0)
Hyena ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , let's see . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is just home from a sojourn in London where she has become the sweetheart of a young fellow named [FILTERED] ( we never do see him ) and has been subjected to a first course in thinking and appreciating , including a dose of good British socialism . (Filtered Words: 1)
if so , he would not be the first or last commanding officer who has succumbed to bad information and dubious estimates of the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] took the page from him and began reading it , moving her lips with the words . (Filtered Words: 1)
Shortly after this study ended septic conditions resulted which required the addition of sodium nitrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 6-foot 3-inch Hansen checked in close to 200 pounds , 15 pounds lighter than his reporting weight last spring . (Filtered Words: 0)
the student will certainly want to explore more deeply into the fascinating study of immature individuals , struggling to meet their developmental needs , and at the same time trying to learn the rules of the game in the ever-expanding number of groups in which they hold membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latest major change in this program was introduced by the National Defense Education Act of 1958 , Title 8 , of which amended the George-Barden Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Pat , get out of that creek ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This condition affects not only the conception but also the legislative and financial support of foreign policy , especially in the context of economic aid . (Filtered Words: 0)
One fellow who had liver spots held out his hands to the great healer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cross-sectional area of the cylinders is determined and then the volume of the individual cylinders is computed by multiplying the area by the stroke length , which is the equivalent of the length of the cylinders . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt very flattered to be included in the protection of their company even though I had nothing to be protected from . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one complained of the white wine either : at this altitude of two thousand feet , grapes acquire a dryness and the tang of gunflint . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] looked at him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Family survival on our own Western frontier , for example , could quite literally depend on a man's strength and ability to bring home the bacon ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They were all faded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stevie saw no idols ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not bother with his radio -- there would be time for that later -- but as he scrambled out on the pavement he saw the filling station and the public telephone booth and knew instantly how he had been summoned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Follow this by crossing from one corner of the room to the other on all fours , kicking as high as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Haney went to bed , happy that at least he was rid of that lousy landlord . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Congo , in whose cause he died , was the scene of one of his greatest triumphs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , whereas in Interstate Commerce Commission parlance `` variable cost '' means a cost deemed to vary in direct proportion to changes in rate of output , in the type of analysis now under review `` variable cost '' has been used more broadly , so as to cover costs which , while a function of some one variable ( such as output of energy , or number of customers ) , are not necessarily a linear function . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , despite postwar experience demonstrating that all elements are necessarily mutually supporting . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the examples above , the occurrence of a bull's-eye , a straight-haired mouse , or an ace could be called a `` success '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is , nevertheless , always a subtle difference in the way in which supposedly similar opinions are held . (Filtered Words: 0)
One old man told me that when he was a boy he was kicked in the head by a fractious mule and had his scalp laid back from the entire front of his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
She suspected that [FILTERED] had been competing with [FILTERED] for attention that she had never had . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Pressure-happy '' , [FILTERED] said , and climbed in . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is the most endearing of Lao ceremonies . (Filtered Words: 0)
I used to play with the older one sometimes , when he'd let me . (Filtered Words: 0)
he must improvise continuously with no apparent effort . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is particularly acute for those who attended Midwood High School directly across the street from Brooklyn College . (Filtered Words: 0)
This girl soon drops the bourgeois pyschiatrist who disapproves of her life . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , it's a real load '' , I told him , looking up the street at my battered Ford . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their roar , like the swelling volume of a hundred tornadoes could be heard for miles . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , in the actual assessment of the cutting force by instrumental methods for any thickness of coating a number of spurious effects occur which must be taken into account and which make the measured value larger than the true cutting force indicated by eqn. ( 1 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gladden had been the target of threatening telephone calls in recent months and reportedly received one last night . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charge lists 3 checks (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you will promise to make it weak '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was deeply distressed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Feedback of the energy transferred to the anode by applying gas transpiration through the anode . (Filtered Words: 0)
a world beset with new boundaries , new treaties and governments , new goals and methods , and the age-old fears of aggression and subjugation -- hunger and exposure . (Filtered Words: 0)
a quota of 25,000 a year would be more than sufficient . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] waited for letters anxiously . (Filtered Words: 2)
If you draw the short straw I'll lend you some bread , like fifty bucks , before I take off to visit my sister in Frisco . (Filtered Words: 0)
I speak of `` the largest possible measure '' because any person who supposes that these conditions can be universally and perfectly achieved -- ever -- reckons without the inherent imperfectability of himself and his fellow human beings , and is therefore a dangerous man to have around . (Filtered Words: 0)
The worship service is the natural and logical time to receive new members into the Church . (Filtered Words: 0)
All right , now I'll give you a hand '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The other fellow had a '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
An analysis of the election falls naturally in four parts . (Filtered Words: 0)
to keep them out of homes , even in the 1900's , was a chore . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were always denied . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was an artisan , a man who studied his trade and developed his craftsmanship the way a goldsmith or a wood carver did . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their mid-thirties . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such cases are not considered here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like Pilate , they had washed their hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
They kicked their horses through the deep water with their bare heels , drove the Rebels out of their rifle pits and captured four men . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a man here in town . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Stop by any time , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
First , the State Department is unique among government agencies for its lack of public supporters . (Filtered Words: 0)
By that , one feels that magnetic forces are as general as electrical forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
The photograph , Figure 1 of the completed frieze , shows how , having been separated from his fellows in useless isolation for eighty years , he has now been given a hand , and by juxtaposition ( and the permission of the Committee ) , given a new job , to represent the witnesses of the first flight at [FILTERED] in 1903 . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Her '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The most inscrutable embassies are the Arabs' , and the most inscrutable of the Arabs are the Saudi Arabians . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eugenia sighed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over $200,000,000 is paid yearly to the 80,000 full-time fortune-tellers in the United States by fearful mankind who want to `` know '' what the future holds ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , it can be readily seen that the cutting and peeling types of failure show a steady state response , while the cracking mechanism is of a dynamic nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
He remembers the desperate , panting breath ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` From a man in St. Louis '' , Wilson said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next year 1962 , at [FILTERED] , the Bench Show Committee has raised the requirements so that a junior must win 3 or more Junior Classes in the open division only to qualify for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The stem is laminated from four pieces . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd just admitted it to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Henrietta nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , the decision is yours . (Filtered Words: 0)
He intimated that they weren't doing the country much good in the Cold War . (Filtered Words: 0)
When might [FILTERED] have had that moment to hold her child on her lap ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
We've done our part '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't give me a lot of talk , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
While availability of mortgage money has been a factor in encouraging apartment construction , the generally high level of prosperity in the past few years plus rising consumer income are among the factors that have encouraged builders to concentrate in the apartment-building field . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same shelter could be built into an embankment or below ground level . (Filtered Words: 0)
The flux of micrometeorites in the neighborhood of the Earth can be estimated by extrapolation from radar and visual meteor data . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty watched with disinterest . (Filtered Words: 0)
one here and one that's out quite a ways where there's usually curb parking '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Surveys show that one out of three Americans has vital contact with the church . (Filtered Words: 0)
It certainly isn't mine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mines . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is eminently successful according to all conventional standards . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You've not had your breakfast yet , gran'dad '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] would curse . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Several times I found the players pepping me up , where it usually is the coach who is supposed to deliver the fight talk . (Filtered Words: 0)
Winslow had musical talents , as had his father before him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ah , that is simple . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lifting her skirts , she climbed in , never relinquishing her grip on his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be heartbreaking to see idealism , and hence effective leadership , thwarted by the poverty and hardship which young Americans will run into . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beyond it the gray road stretched a long , long way . (Filtered Words: 0)
there are beauties from the Balkan states who are similarly endowed , and -- back in the blessed United States -- they were regarded simply as pretty women . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] always particularly enjoyed the last night of each summer at Loon Lake . (Filtered Words: 1)
her arms were straining with a burden of dolls . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has his own system of shorthand , devised by abbreviations : `` humility '' will be `` humly '' , `` with '' will be `` w '' , and `` that '' will be `` tt '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The critics literally screamed their indignation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now draw '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
they exhibit a keen interest in social , political , and economic problems , but they frequently have vague and incorrect notions about the terms they use rather glibly in their routine school work . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been a choir boy at the Holy Name Cathedral and also served as an acolyte to Father [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We have tried to make both paths attractive , so that good men could find opportunity and satisfaction in either . (Filtered Words: 0)
His name's [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
whereupon [FILTERED] broke down into convulsions of weeping and rushed out of the room , though not out of the Fellowship . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Is the attitude of German youth comparable to that of `` the angry young men ' of England '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One can even argue -- though this is a delicate matter -- that every justification existed for their returning the Public Lecture to the First Church , and so to suppress it , rather than let Parker use it as a sounding board for his propaganda when his turn should come to occupy it . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was an annual audit , [FILTERED] informed him . (Filtered Words: 1)
B (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I do not drink so much , thank you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Evegeni Dubovskoi conducted an exceptionally large orchestra , one containing excellent soloists -- the violin solos by the concertmaster , [FILTERED] , were especially fine -- but one in which the core of traveling players and the body of men added locally had not had time to achieve much unity . (Filtered Words: 1)
The world exploded when Fascism challenged all concepts of peace and liberty , and the outraged , freedom-loving peoples of the Capitalist and Socialist worlds combined forces to stamp Fascist tyranny into cringing submission . (Filtered Words: 0)
And let it do its own lawmaking and not leave that to federal judges . (Filtered Words: 0)
A low-power , `` carrier-current '' broadcasting station , KARL , heard only in the campus dormitories , is owned and operated by the students to provide an outlet for student dramatic , musical , literary , technical , and other talents , and to furnish information , music , and entertainment for campus listeners . (Filtered Words: 0)
The collection may be in an existing library , or it may be built up in a central collection . (Filtered Words: 0)
Uh huh , we think , looking at them , so that's the Parthenon . (Filtered Words: 0)
We got Dr. [FILTERED] to him as quickly as we could , and we wired [FILTERED] of Papa's desperate condition . (Filtered Words: 2)
you can't very well sidle up to people on the street and ask if they want to buy a hot Bodhisattva . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guilford-Martin ) were filled out by 12 of the Kohnstamm-positive subjects and 19 of the Kohnstamm-negative subjects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes in these experiments `` appointment sittings '' are used . (Filtered Words: 0)
My hotel rooms on the trip were arranged by [FILTERED] and the Japan Travel Bureau and were more elegant than I would have chosen , but it was fun for once to be elegant -- I did explain to the students , however , that this was not my usual style , for their salaries are very small , and it seemed out of place for me to be housed so well . (Filtered Words: 1)
The same is true of areas which at first look good because of a few existing recreation features but may actually be poor areas to develop for general public use . (Filtered Words: 0)
She came from Ohio , from what she called a `` small farm '' of two hundred acres , as indeed it was to farmer-type farmers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though he knew no more about military science and tactics than any other desk officer , he managed to get transferred to the combat forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose it is because we are just not big enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
But contrary to Whitehead , philosophy is not a synonym for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
he found money much more interesting ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Small antelope were generally grassed with one shot , and the Magnum carbine also bagged reedbuck , kob and wart hog with deadly efficiency ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The charges of the electron and proton are believed to be exactly equal and opposite , but Dr. [FILTERED] is not so sure . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` That's what they all say . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aids in minimizing the occurrence of feed-lot bloat due to high consumption of concentrates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Open your heart to Him and pray , Stephen , pray ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This time there was no sound of brakes but the shrieking of women . (Filtered Words: 0)
He boomed a 280-yard drive . (Filtered Words: 0)
This Court's judgment was filed in the District Court on July 18 , 1957 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Salads are served at least once a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its poverty shows up immediately when compared with [FILTERED] , where the rococo rises to painting of extraordinary profundity and power . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the trend of general business activity follows the pattern suggested here , we are likely to see additional steps by the Federal Reserve authorities to ease the availability of credit . (Filtered Words: 0)
His arms hung like empty shirt sleeves , and his mouth was slightly open . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the rinsing operation the volume in the tubs gradually increases until overflow from the main drain begins . (Filtered Words: 0)
Catholic seminarians attend tutorials and row on the Cherwell with non-Catholic students . (Filtered Words: 0)
weak hands ask , What is going on ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Ellie [FILTERED] , soprano , and [FILTERED] , baritone , presented a program of folksongs entitled `` East Meets West '' in Carnegie Recital Hall last night . (Filtered Words: 2)
his mouth hung slightly open . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some work with their hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] played well and his favorite song was a [FILTERED] lullaby . (Filtered Words: 2)
That's when he went to Professor [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
As a result of that attitude , others have been discouraged from trying central distribution . (Filtered Words: 0)
The white-clad trees stood like specters in the February night . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pair of white cotton shorts ruled his life . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is good to see those numbers again . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a gargantuan task ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hell , I gave him the first decent job he ever had , six , seven -- how many years ago was it , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The only real problem is to devise a plan whereby the owners of the above-water land can develop their property without the public losing its underwater land and the right to its development for public use and enjoyment . (Filtered Words: 0)
They react in obedience to an instinct or urge which has itself been impelled by natural law . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the less developed countries are to be persuaded to adopt a long-term approach , the United States , as the principal supplier of external aid , must be prepared to give long-term commitments . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 , (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is the point '' , [FILTERED] reports the Pakistanis as asking , `` in demanding an Islamic state and society if no one , not even the doctors of the sacred law themselves , can say clearly and succinctly what the nature of such a state and society is '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Isfahan became more of a legend than a place , and now it is for many people simply a name to which they attach their notions of old Persia and sometimes of the East . (Filtered Words: 0)
You don't believe that I'm going back to medical school and finish , do you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Any free elections that were to be held in Poland would have to produce a government in which Moscow had complete confidence , and all pressure from the West for free voting by anti-Soviet elements in Poland would be met by restrictions on voting by these elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] and his bride will live in his Lake Forest house . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Don't you dare '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` See that wildcat '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Alaska and Hawaii . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Mose giggled . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This reveals some misunderstanding on your part . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now Abel turned his head to look at his brother . (Filtered Words: 0)
the Rees undoubtedly would try to cut down as many of the animals as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a sense , the showdown promised by Mr. [FILTERED]'s sudden and tragic death has been avoided ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
And [FILTERED] tried . (Filtered Words: 1)
He hit the radio button . (Filtered Words: 0)
The buildings are mostly Georgian . (Filtered Words: 0)
I write about Northern liberals from considerable personal experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of many factors which might be cited , five are most important : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Like enough we'll all be up on top by sundown '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The established pattern of relative calm in the field of race relations has continued in all areas '' , reported this group headed by [FILTERED] of Jacksonville and including two South Floridians , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] of Miami . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` Good man , Styka '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you not think these men might choose the black flag here and now '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A sudden high rise in temperature will turn your pool poison green overnight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course the matter caught the public's attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence the natural setting of tragedy is the palace gate , the public square , or the court chamber . (Filtered Words: 0)
No . (Filtered Words: 0)
And one cannot but wonder whether [FILTERED] , who was blowing hot and cold , exalting peace but also almost openly considering the possibility of preventive war against the West , wasn't trying to keep the Chinese quiet . (Filtered Words: 1)
The word hissed distinctly from Poet's lips as he struggled to his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
To release clay from mold , place hands in a cupped position around project ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and President [FILTERED] indicated there were one or two more than those reported . (Filtered Words: 1)
He looked disapprovingly at an ash tray piled high with cigarette stubs , shook his head , and moved his hand back and forth in a strong negative gesture . (Filtered Words: 0)
They found it at the junction between Troops H and G , and prepared to counterattack . (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ) (Filtered Words: 3)
Characteristics of defense sales activities ( Part B of the questionnaire ) 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
His unsuccessful strivings to give up drink are represented as religious strivings ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Of current interest is Abilene , Kansas , the birthplace of ex-President [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Minerals exploration (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , after many more billions of years , when all the galaxies are whistling toward a common center , this movement will slow down and reverse itself again . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I would like to enact a little tableau this afternoon '' , Rector said , He explained about the visit and the effect he wished to create , the picture of a very busy mission . (Filtered Words: 0)
The major effect of these advances appears to lie in the part they have played in the industrial revolution and in the tools which scientific understanding has given us to build and manipulate a more protective environment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , the upper portion permits comparison of maturity levels of an equal number of growth centers from the long , short , and round bones of the five regions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Acquiring a repertoire from the Laboratory library was no problem to one trained to perfect recall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] had only to signal from his doorway to summon aid from the ubiquitous bilingual children who played on the sidewalks of Mission Street . (Filtered Words: 1)
The discussion is therefore limited to a suggested procedure for realizing at least some of the potential importance of this volume for future policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Marvelous , thought Theresa , climbing in her portly , well-bred way , for she was someone who had learned that if you only move slowly enough you have time to notice everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Minutemen were instructed in the use of terrain for concealment . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not out of keeping with its origins , probably the most humble of any in the Ivy group . (Filtered Words: 0)
A new order is thrusting itself into being . (Filtered Words: 0)
Approximately 1.8 million acres of rangelands and 9.4 million acres of timberlands would be treated in this period . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Probably '' , said Henrietta dryly . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no chance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adam , beset by changing defense conditions and the open secret that he was part of the new corporation , couldn't deliver from his end . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the five-month lull , civil war smoldered and flickered throughout the Congo . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has voted for aid to Communists and for the destruction of individual freedom ( public housing , foreign aid , etc. ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Family Service has helped hundreds of families in this area . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was internationally famous , a crafter of a genuine Americana in foreign eyes , an original designer whose inventive childishness with steel and concrete was made even more believably sincere by his personality . (Filtered Words: 1)
The second timely part of this sketch of literature and the search for identity has to do with the difference between good and enduring literary works and the ephemeral mass culture products of today . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was secured by an oversized padlock . (Filtered Words: 0)
You've got to do something . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was about to get up so I got out , slamming the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Take them '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The force vector concept of Fig. 6 can readily be applied to this condition also . (Filtered Words: 0)
No return address whatsoever . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where'd your friend Hoag get his information '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Kitty screamed insanely and her face was white . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , [FILTERED] and his wife [FILTERED] have reached the stage of affluence that stirs a longing for the more atrociously expensive rustic simplicities . (Filtered Words: 2)
the future weight of informal factors cannot be so easily assessed . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the East Providence Rescue Squad made its way through to my home in time of desperation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The child grows rich on his winnings and conspires with his uncle to make secret gifts of his money to his mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here he was , suddenly caught up in the delirium of a war , in the spite and calumny of Whigs and Tories . (Filtered Words: 0)
Very early in his administration he informed the Kremlin through diplomatic channels , a high official source disclosed , that the new administration would react even tougher than the [FILTERED] administration would during the formative period of the administration . (Filtered Words: 1)
Drunk on sake , he must have wandered off from his bivouac . (Filtered Words: 0)
The element of public danger which enters so largely into architectural certification , however , would demand a prolonged study of structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tremendous energy released by giant rocket engines perhaps can be felt much better than it can be heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Denouncing the view that the sexual union is an end in itself , the Conference declared : `` We steadfastly uphold what must always be regarded as the governing considerations of Christian marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the hut of Simms Purdew , the hero . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Blanche Jacobs , [FILTERED] death had a quite different effect . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the doctor is conscientious , he wants to study the patient . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hung up with a bang , annoyed at himself for running off at the mouth like that but still terribly concerned with the situation he had helped to create . (Filtered Words: 0)
The editor says that marriages may be made in heaven , but weddings are made in Mrs. [FILTERED]'s columns . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had retained his hat and his horn , and , whatever fun might still be going , he was ready to join it . (Filtered Words: 0)
She would weep in private , he was sure , for she loved him in her frigid way , though in public she would be dry-eyed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ah , did you once see Shelley plain '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Was a question that had to be asked long before they saw Paree . (Filtered Words: 0)
Growing up without a mother from the time she was three -- it wasn't a good thing for a child , even knowing the kind of mother Alice had been . (Filtered Words: 0)
Noting all the difficulties that stand in the way of reunion , he has said that they ought not to discourage anyone . (Filtered Words: 0)
He immediately rode on to [FILTERED] , threw a ten-day drinking spree and dropped some very strong hints among friends . (Filtered Words: 1)
The state is now faced with the immediate question of raising new taxes whether on utilities , real estate or motor vehicles , he said , `` and I challenge [FILTERED] to tell the people where he stands on the tax issue '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Despite their adherence to the status quo , the forces of organized religion were compelled to make adjustments as increasing civilization augmented human knowledge . (Filtered Words: 0)
A suspicion was growing that [FILTERED] was a Communist . (Filtered Words: 1)
A significant effect discovered during the study is the existence of Prandtl numbers reaching values of more than unity in the nitrogen dissociation region . (Filtered Words: 0)
No Dartmouth man was surprised . (Filtered Words: 0)
Few records are available concerning the subject prior to 1940 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lines came out neatly and in good balance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every doll in the house must be going with her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
City planners do not always use this boundary as effectively as they might . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did seem hasty on his second and third shots , but then there was an agonizing wait of several minutes while [FILTERED] graciously putted out , giving Palmer a chance to recover his composure , which he had quite visibly lost . (Filtered Words: 1)
as he crossed through the courtyard he regretted it . (Filtered Words: 0)
This also pulls the tappet connected to the particular lever and forces any dogs seated in the notches to the side , thus moving one or more locking bars . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sized up the situation and shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also the department of justice building is located where [FILTERED] presides over the federal bureau of investigation . (Filtered Words: 1)
It's all up in the air again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Riverside residents would go to the Seekonk assembly point . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had style : he held his reins in a loose bunch at the third button of his checked Epsom surtout , and when the horses leaned at a curve , as if bent by the force of a gale , he leaned with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Keeping conditioners quiet . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
He always feels lonely . (Filtered Words: 0)
In of all the suggestions that were made , his was the silliest the possessive his represents his suggestion and is stressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
That means [FILTERED] probably will ride the bench on the seventh anniversary of his record five-home run day against the Giants . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What for '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We have these positions , which compare directly : Af (Filtered Words: 0)
All model cars are not available in all countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
then a couple of fluorescent lamps over the workbench an' I guess we're about through down here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last he reached for the knife . (Filtered Words: 0)
The importance of loving tenderness is obvious . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can't wander along in the dark , can you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Could the ambassador himself be the man on this side the prime minister feared ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Since then , the flowers she had planted had spread all over the hill . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was an almost exact copy of his father physically and it was strange to see the expected become the unexpected . (Filtered Words: 1)
My great-grandmother , I have been told , made her garden her great pride ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They trailed him across the wide hallway to the parlor , four roughly garbed and tough-looking men who probably had never before ventured into such a house . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least I should like them to know that I know these discounts are being made . (Filtered Words: 0)
That a writer who is gay cannot be serious is a common professional illusion , sedulously fostered by all too many academics who mistakenly believe that their frivolous efforts should be taken seriously because they are expressed with that dreary solemnity which is the only mode of expression their authors are capable of . (Filtered Words: 0)
Haney hoped that nobody noticed his sudden pallor , as he felt the blood drain from his cheeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hung around New York , waiting to hear whether they would accept it for production and in that time came down to Asheville and also paid a short visit to Chapel Hill , where with almost childish delight he visited old friends and favorite campus spots . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maestro's biggest stock in trade is his personality , and ability to establish a warm rapport with his audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were inadequately financed , without experienced leadership , and lacked the general support of organized labor as a whole . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As a great favor , Julie '' , he said , `` please don't mention you've seen me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The selection of materials depends on skills of available labor for installation , cost of materials available locally , and your own preference . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Yank writing from Vicksburg , May 28 , 1863 , stated : `` not less than 50 balls have passed over me since I commenced writing . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled at him with benign , remote happiness ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter how well work is planned , bad weather or unexpected setbacks can cause extra work that must be caught up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pp. 62-63 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tall coachman walked off briskly in search of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sweet-sour sauce can be kept warm over a second hibachi or chafing dish while charcoal in broiler is reaching glowing coal stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Navy's future involved (Filtered Words: 0)
Is [FILTERED]'s broken a chair , dominant stress will usually be on the complement a chair . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pompeii rolled over . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No more today . (Filtered Words: 0)
it raced across the Pacific at 300 miles an hour , devastated the coasts of [FILTERED] and Sumatra with waves 100 to 130 feet high , and pounded the shore as far away as San Francisco . (Filtered Words: 1)
Principle (Filtered Words: 0)
I've got a little stashed for a rainy day , and I guess this is rainy enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't you see the amount of money that has been invested by whites around that church ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was relieved ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
A satisfactory cloud was produced even though these nozzles were only about 5 per cent efficient in producing an initial cloud in the size range of 1 to 5 microns . (Filtered Words: 0)
it can be made in two words , Utopian communism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charming and peaceful -- but what were charm and peace compared to high adventure ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You cannot be saved ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As she matured , more and more neural synapses would be adjusted to operate other mechanisms that went into the maintenance and running of a space ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was American . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] continues : `` (Filtered Words: 1)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Encouraging by every means , all existing Assemblies of God churches to start new churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
An excited woman was making an emergency call over the phone : `` Doctor , please come over right away . (Filtered Words: 0)
When would the oyabun like to bring his guests up here '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
-- he called all meals supper -- after the butler had announced the meal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The large majority of the interviewees placed core families in the upper positions . (Filtered Words: 0)
His technique is ample and his musical ideas are projected beautifully . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fourth view is the transformation of emotion , as in Housman's fine phrase on the arts : they `` transform and beautify our inner nature '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had lost his audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
This has been more evident since our products have incorporated astronomically increased technology . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can't we put an end to this , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
She was occupying herself in an attempt to write an article about the variety of houses that they had rented abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
They survive only when they can recruit social and economic peers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carbon resistors and impurity-doped germanium resistors have been investigated for use as precision secondary thermometers in the liquid helium temperature region . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Because maybe I won't have to wear it always . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether it will strike home for you or not will be for you to determine . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shivered in the warm cockpit . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was laid out in 196 for chariot races and other public games . (Filtered Words: 0)
How far the fellowship in most local churches falls below what the New Testament means by koinonia ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] were the last to leave . (Filtered Words: 2)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
And lots of hot pads ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It looked to me as though he had everything an artist could want , joy in his work , standing in the profession , a large and steady income . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bend handle ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Fuck them . (Filtered Words: 0)
This dinner was the start of a new blatancy in the relationship between the gangs and the politicians , which , prior to 1924 , says [FILTERED] , `` had been maintained with more or less stealth '' , but which henceforth was marked by these ostentatious gatherings , denounced by a clergyman as `` Belshazzar feasts '' , at which `` politicians fraternized cheek by jowl with gangsters , openly , in the big downtown hotels '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
She would not accept the death of such a little child . (Filtered Words: 0)
the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $4,000,000 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Surely , Captain , you did not find my name on any suspicious paper or anything '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There will be a pilgrimage to Mount Vernon at 2:30 p.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
and General Motors and Du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any Du Pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by General Motors to Du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies . (Filtered Words: 0)
In we're painting at our garage strong stress on at indicates that the job being done is not real painting but simply an effort at painting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those illustrated are reminiscent of a circus top or a merry-go-round . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took her to a doctor , for she was run down , nervous , did not care where she was . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was nothing specifically wrong with Edythe , but there was absolutely nothing right about her either . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when to represents to consciousness in that was the moment that I came to , and similarly in that was the moment I came to , there is much stronger stress on to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Talleyrand passed his New York law office one night on the way to a party . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where to file . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somewhat to his surprise he found that one girl , whom he would never have considered for the job since she had appeared somewhat mousy and also had been in the office a relatively short time , did the most outstanding job of playing the role of receptionist , showing wit , sparkle , and aplomb . (Filtered Words: 0)
Policies modified (Filtered Words: 0)
As you approach the church on the Via D. Baullari you are passing within yards of the remains of the Roman Theatre of Pompey , near which is believed to have been the place where Julius Caesar was assassinated . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some happy reason [FILTERED] , Ionic , and Corinthian have always stuck in my mind . (Filtered Words: 1)
121 - 137 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did he know something that made him feel sad and sorry for her ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
So when textbooks , like that of [FILTERED] set out drawings of the ' Ptolemaic System ' , complete with earth in the center and the seven heavenly bodies epicyclically arranged on their several deferents , we have nothing but a misleading 20th-century idea of what never existed historically . (Filtered Words: 1)
The mean-square end-to-end distance of the polyisobutylene chain has been calculated in reasonable agreement with values deduced from viscosity data . (Filtered Words: 0)
Introduction (Filtered Words: 0)
Another question that arose was the nature of the dialogue itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The planes , light with most of the gas burned out , responded beautifully . (Filtered Words: 0)
You have probably experienced this . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] had never pretended to give advice in such affairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
But they never said anything , so he figured it was all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Transparent look , waxy skin -- could well be uremia '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abruptly he reached into his pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And I'll take you with me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public . (Filtered Words: 0)
There the middle one of the three curves denotes `` mean Skeletal Age '' for the Maturity Series boys and girls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , in the immemorial way -- in the way of the right hand that knows and the left that does not -- was the stage set for tragedy at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
We cannot , of course , assign it any substance . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is drama enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before the resin has hardened , screw a one-inch mahogany keel strip along the centerline . (Filtered Words: 0)
No ringers , either -- even if they are trailing legitimate invitees . (Filtered Words: 0)
It works with English , Russian , German , Hungarian or almost any other foreign tongue . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion without supernaturalism (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten years ago they blew up some of our ditches . (Filtered Words: 0)
one who is thoroughly human , who affects no dignity , and who is endowed with real ability , genuine worth , and sterling honesty -- all dedicated to secure the best interests of the country he has loved and served so long . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps [FILTERED] had guessed already and kept her counsel . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since there are almost no schools in the country offering graduate work in interior design this rule cannot at present be observed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] in town for a day . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Dry stock '' denoted , regardless of age or sex , such bovines as were givin' no milk . (Filtered Words: 0)
Present conservation practices regard wildlife , not as an expendable natural resource , but as an annual harvest to be sown and also reaped . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you must flog someone , let it be her , your daughter . (Filtered Words: 0)
I just wanted to hear you say so '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The percentage of Federal participation in such costs for any State is referred to in the law as that State's `` Federal share '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a lot of rust shows in the drain , use a good flushing cleaner . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sympathized with them on the loss of their old pastor . (Filtered Words: 0)
for another , it was here that one of the old caravan routes came in . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first was the commune program , which will ensure agricultural poverty for years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Expressions of even low-key dissatisfaction by a Catholic college faculty member has the effect of confirming the already existing stereotype . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] very kindly let me drive through Sante Fe to a road which would , she said , lead us to [FILTERED] and then Raton and `` eventshahleh '' out of New Mexico . (Filtered Words: 2)
And he ignored him , skirting the parked cars and walking up the path to the Skopas house . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since then he had worked at this and that , though some said his main interest was gambling . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Old Man near the corner let the shadow pass over him , sensing something portentous in it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the spread of this type of decoration in the Aegean has not yet been precisely determined , it seems to appear first in the Cyclades , which were among the leading exporters of pottery throughout the century . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it would seem that history is a witness to this truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
it spoke for many in the clergy , I suspect . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fish , animals , and birds which may be found at the site are another interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
The solidity of brush stroke yielded to a hatching technique that finally led to virtual abandonment of American genres in favor of single figure studies and studio nudes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was supposed to be in court this afternoon , at City Hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
your stock in trade ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
among the operating departments of the state ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Their motion will be eternal and perfect . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , he told the `` skyjackers '' , the 707 didn't carry enough fuel to reach Havana ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Below these particulars was a series of alpha-beta-gammas connected by arrows and crosses which denoted the lineage of the breed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A band viscometer is shown in Figure 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , he claims , would reasonably account for the expansion of the universe . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] only nodded . (Filtered Words: 1)
The more Adoniram looked at the Greek word for baptism , the more unhappy he became over its true meaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
At no time was it implied by the experimenter that the subject's initial reaction was deviant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among infants the patterns of emotional responses are similar ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The economist does not look for a drastic switch in the budget during this recovery and believes it `` even more unlikely that the Federal Reserve will aggressively tighten monetary policy in the early phases of the upturn as was the case in 1958 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
None of his movements was tentative . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carrier Af was added and the aqueous and organic phases were separated ( cells containing gaseous reactants were immersed in liquid air before opening under sodium iodide ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , because of Church laws , lately more stringently enforced , which forbid the marriage of cousins closely related consanguineously , a means of facilitating the goal of in-group relations may be that of recourse to illegitimate unions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hearst won the Iowa state convention , but ran into a bitter battle in Indiana before losing to Parker , drawing an angry statement from Indiana's [FILTERED] : (Filtered Words: 1)
Authorities say that oldsters are a prime target . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the first few months of their marriage she had tried to be nice about Gunny , going out with him to watch this pearl without price stamp imperiously around in her stall . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the time I was filled with self-pity at this separation , but in the years since I have come to understand that the sight of me was painful to them after that outcry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two tax revision bills were passed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The theme may be the formation of a shape from which other shapes evolve . (Filtered Words: 0)
The exhibition presents all phases of [FILTERED]'s many-sided art . (Filtered Words: 1)
A pot was boiling on the coals . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Election Day -- November 4 -- he energetically marshalled his force of bludgeon men , bribers , and experts in forging repeat votes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] will be honored at a Family Week supper and program at 6 p.m. Sunday at Trinity Methodist Church . (Filtered Words: 1)
Howard sighed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alternately he had periods of hostile defeatism in which he determined sullenly , morosely , to live out his life in this fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then they let out a bellow of anguish and rage and , cursing , screaming and hollering `` Garryowen '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The silver and ebony plaques will be presented at noon luncheons by [FILTERED] , president of Neiman-Marcus , Beneficiary of the proceeds from the two showings will be the Dallas Society for Crippled Children Cerebral Palsy Treatment Center . (Filtered Words: 1)
The most primitive feelings are rudimentary value feelings , both positive and negative : a desire to appropriate this or that part of the environment into oneself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He should put the police back to patrolling and walking the streets at night . (Filtered Words: 0)
We moved down Broadway from ginmill to ginmill . (Filtered Words: 0)
The savings are not as great , however , as is sometime supposed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had to clear his throat . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Just you wait '' , said [FILTERED] again , as though she were discovering the pleasantly tingling insinuations of that handy little sturdy statement . (Filtered Words: 1)
A little thing , but the right twist for the action that counted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Styka nodded and sniffed and blew his nose vociferously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through all these years , Mrs. [FILTERED] has pointedly avoided the limelight . (Filtered Words: 1)
As she drove , she thought about her plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quintus in Latin means '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
It is evident that many marked and striking differences exist between lungs when an inter-species comparison is made . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ain't gone far '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] told him and he promptly forgot . (Filtered Words: 1)
The gardens of the palazzo , shaded by a huge magnolia tree , are most attractive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly not . (Filtered Words: 0)
With this evidence in mind , the writer began to plan how he might more effectively educate the married students in his functional classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , there is the question of how strongly an expressed opinion is held -- whether it is a firm opinion or one that the respondent favors only slightly over the alternatives . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are all involved in them , deeply involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men in power are committed in principle to modernization , but economic and social changes are proceeding only erratically . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outraged , he used the Advocate of March 7th for a denial , sending immediately to Santa Fe and [FILTERED] for documents to vindicate himself , and demanding that [FILTERED] reveal the name of this perfidious slanderer who disguised himself under a pastoral pseudonym . (Filtered Words: 2)
Thor Hanover ( Adios-Trustful Hanover ) is a wonderful looking prospect and another good individual , with solid , rugged conformation , good , flat bone and excellent feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result of that attitude , others have been discouraged from trying central distribution . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You'll just have to risk it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eighteenth-century England , upon whose customs our common law was built , had outlawed unions as monopolies and conspiracies . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one time I became disturbed in the faith in which I had grown up by the apparent inroads being made upon both Old and New Testaments by a `` Higher Criticism '' of the Bible , to refute which I felt the need of a better knowledge of Hebrew and of archaeology , for it seemed to me that to pull out some of the props of our faith was to weaken the entire structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
A change in the balance to the parasympathetic side leads in the normal individual to sleep or , in special circumstances , to cardiovascular collapse or nausea and vomiting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Satisfied at last , and after a few amorous gambits on her part which convinced [FILTERED] that [FILTERED] was capable of learning new arts , she opened the window and called to her liveried driver . (Filtered Words: 2)
For large letters , e.g. thermoformed of acrylic or butyrate , there are other techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
Slowly the procession of warriors and statesmen passes through the snow beside the black water and into the brilliantly lighted cathedral , the shrine of so many precious memories . (Filtered Words: 0)
One is that there sometimes are real although inadequate compensations in growing old . (Filtered Words: 0)
Likewise , the ecumenist may become so absorbed in the conflict of the church with the totalitarian state in East Germany , the precarious situation of the church in revolutionary China , and the anguish of the church over apartheid in South Africa that he loses close contact with the parish church in its unspectacular but indispensable ministry of worship , pastoral service and counseling , and Christian nurture for a face-to-face group of individuals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Caper ( Hoot Mon-Columbia Hanover ) , 2:30.3-:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Can't you help them '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For convenience we chose a stronger pigment , unknown to the early Italians or to Brumidi , titanium oxide , reserving the active lime white for highest lights , put on at the end of the day's stint . (Filtered Words: 0)
A story , no doubt apocryphal , for [FILTERED] himself denies it , has him sporting a monacle in those Village days . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was all of these rolled into one sturdy figure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It went to church on Sunday and one Saturday a month went to confession . (Filtered Words: 0)
Final adjuncts may or may not have dominant stress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Employes of Pawtucket's garbage and rubbish collection contractor picketed the firm's incinerator site yesterday in the second day of a strike for improved wages and working conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
But what you could not know , of course , was how smoothly the Victorian Fitzgerald was to lead into an American Fitzgerald of my own vintage under whose banner we adolescents were to come , if not of age , then into a bright , taut semblance of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He proceeded M.A. in 1632 , and B.D. in 1639 , being made fellow in 1632 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outcome of such an experiment has been in due time the acceptance of the Bible as the Word of God inspired in a sense utterly different from any merely human book , and with it the acceptance of our Lord Jesus Christ as the only begotten Son of God , Son of Man by the Virgin Mary , the Saviour of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
final conclusions will have to await the measurements of broods from definite localities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten-year-old [FILTERED] had been irritable and quarrelsome for almost a year . (Filtered Words: 1)
a son , [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Editor's note : Reprints of `` Confrontation '' will be included among the material to be distributed to members of the Peace Corps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just let me go home to Jersey , back to the shore , oh , Jesus , the shore . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one way the Institutes and Societies do a disservice to the schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a thoughtful look , the man sat on the pavement , legs straight out in front of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The line Af is the image of L . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place a piece of plaster wall board or plaster bat on clay and reverse bat , clay and mold in one action . (Filtered Words: 0)
No other visitor inquired for her that evening . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American Constitution was historic at this point in providing that `` Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was succeeded by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Well -- I'll take it down with me as I go '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , if judgments are to be rendered upon the soundness of his historicism , they must be based on scanty evidence . (Filtered Words: 0)
They caught Trig stealing liquor from the officers' mess , and he got a couple of girls in trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the midst of this crowded region was the Allen African Methodist [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Invercalt ( Florican-Inverness ) 2:35 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It never seemed real ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the cleaning process , sorbed greasy soils become coated in this manner with an oriented film of surfactant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five years later , he was awarded the university's degree in law . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he groped blindly . (Filtered Words: 0)
This procedure was repeated one day a month for four months . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to the three major original equipment segments of the electronics business , the steady growth in the market for replacement parts continues year by year . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sensing of this rotation by the X gyro can be utilized to direct the platform into proper heading . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is well to bear in mind that gasoline will cost from $.80 to $.90 for the equivalent of a United States gallon and while you might prefer a familiar Ford , Chevrolet or even a Cadillac , which are available in some countries , it is probably wiser to choose the smaller European makes which average thirty , thirty-five and even forty miles to the gallon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whereas the maintenance rotary fund had in the past sustained losses considerably beyond expectations , the introduction of the cost-billing system plus other control refinements has resulted in keeping the fund on a proper working basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Undoubtedly none of the residents realize the influence their town has had on American military history , or the deeds of valor that have been done in its name . (Filtered Words: 0)
This responsibility included all phases of management . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they are Beach cops on a stake-out , they'll admit it to a reporter . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , daughter of the Ludlow Flowers Jr. , to [FILTERED] , son of the David Huntingtons . (Filtered Words: 2)
Five minutes later , before Haney could make his break , the stranger stood up and nodded farewell . (Filtered Words: 0)
A slug had torn half of his stirrup-guard away . (Filtered Words: 0)
We cater mostly to nice people in the $5-8,000 annual income bracket and we run a string of snazzy , neon-lit , chromium-plated suburban stores . (Filtered Words: 0)
What we did get , however , was impressive . (Filtered Words: 0)
These fractions were tested for ABO agglutinin activity , using fractions from group AB plasma as a control . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guns were going off all over Washington City these days , because of the celebrations , and the theatre was not soundproof . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , superintendent ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` They'll tell you what's cooking '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her creations in fashion are from many designers because she doesn't want a complete wardrobe from any one designer any more than she wants `` all of her pictures by one painter '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the law of the land is not irrevocable ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Willis laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
This exchange must result in our ending up with some effective units . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We -- we eloped '' , Cappy said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come spring , you'll be kicking up your heels and feeling coltish again too , gal '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The early Anchorite masters attracted disciples because of their presumed ability to perform miracles . (Filtered Words: 0)
For my part I find it difficult to conceive such a state of affairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Examiner , during Steele's trial a month later , printed an answer from the `` Courtier '' addressed to `` R. S. '' at [FILTERED]'s coffee-house . (Filtered Words: 1)
Student football managers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not much of a meal '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
After a year in a studio on Sheridan Square , having married an American girl who was a native of Virginia , Helion moved to a village in the Blue Ridge mountains , where he produced some of the most imposing of his abstract canvases . (Filtered Words: 0)
One-inch , No. 10 screws are used in both cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
That improvement is continuing . (Filtered Words: 0)
played Chopin in the `` Soiree Musicale of Mr. [FILTERED]'s Pupils '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Tall , blonde , blue-eyes , fair , buxom without being heavy , she cut a fine figure of budding womanhood as she swished among the pupils in her fresh , starched summer dress . (Filtered Words: 0)
I stumbled through the hall , wondering who would be calling at this hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shall we flip a coin to see which of us goes first ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't a new boat , about five years old , but fitted with fishing outriggers and chairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
No good can come of contemplating the sad , inevitable fact that once youth has passed `` a worse and worse time still succeeds the former '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He picked up the powder canister and ran out . (Filtered Words: 0)
He beat the air with his stick , and it fell from his claws and clattered on the stones . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wore tennis shorts and a white sweater with a red V at the neck , the sleeves pushed above the elbows . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said with enthusiasm at the idea . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is definitely some ligament damage in his knee '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He needs outfielders bad '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She's got a nerve '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sneaker reached out once more to tap against the mass and Ramey's vision darkened except for an unreasonable clarity of the man's leg . (Filtered Words: 0)
The quantity and quality of water sources is often a big factor in site selection . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he ignored him , skirting the parked cars and walking up the path to the Skopas house . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the only meaning of the word that he had ever known . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your local civil defense will gather its own information and will receive broad information from State and Federal sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taking a shower ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Come home right away '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for states' rights , they have never counted in the thinking of my liberal friends except as irritations of a minor and immoral nature which exist now only as anachronisms . (Filtered Words: 0)
the churning of straining feet , the rasp of the canvas pants ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now comes this ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This procedure is much more effective than giving out a membership packet . (Filtered Words: 0)
of curiosity ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hens are kept on the range and roosters are kept with them for their fertility . (Filtered Words: 0)
Callas devotees will have good reason to do their customary cart wheels over a new and complete stereo version of the Bellini opera . (Filtered Words: 0)
They're easier to shade there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did you find him '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
At a ceremony in the reception room of Mayor [FILTERED] , the Eagles were honored for winning the championship . (Filtered Words: 1)
Roads and trails (Filtered Words: 0)
Programs usually are expanded only when outside funds are available or local business leaders demand it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not until the words had been spoken did Abel suddenly see the old house and the insistent sea , and feel his contrition blotted out in one shameful moment of covetousness . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There can be no compromise when souls are in jeopardy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Treasonable books striking at the Hanoverian Succession , he complains , are allowed to pass unnoticed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attorneys for the mayor said that an amicable property settlement has been agreed upon . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED]'s driving me . (Filtered Words: 1)
He's got him in the kitchen '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he pulled the fringed sides up and made himself into a cocoon , Mr. [FILTERED] saw that thin , attractive , freckled little face again , and hoped that the boy , too , was lying in a cool , fringed-wrapped quiet . (Filtered Words: 1)
Matthew 18 : 21-22 . (Filtered Words: 0)
His flat and gracefully tapered head lifted as I looked at him and the black tongue slipped in and out of that solemn mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
from the home of his friend , [FILTERED] , in Washington , D.C. , [FILTERED] sent a telegram dated December 9 , 1957 , to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
Much of this work has been reviewed by White ( 1944 ) and by [FILTERED] ( 1949 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Needless to say , strong hands are not eager to be joined by weak hands , for this increases the risk that they will have to absorb what these weak hands unload on the way up , at higher prices , during the run-up phase of the campaign . (Filtered Words: 0)
His speed was dropping rapidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We're going to Marshal Woods's house . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now place 12 pieces 1/2'' '' sq. on this edge as we did before and space them with the 5-3/4'' '' long `` tappets '' , as they are called . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The statement did not mention what steps might be taken to overcome the legal obstacles to desegregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But I am not in favor of a sales or state income tax at this time '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Did anyone see my cab '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Seems that the kid Wally had hired had a repair business of his own going on the side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though the bondage of his verse is not so great as the writing poet can manage , it is still great enough for him often to be seriously impeded unless he has aids to facilitate rapid composition . (Filtered Words: 0)
His smile was quick , and his eyes held some promised secret that made my knees go limp . (Filtered Words: 0)
Division one of the parade will be the service academies . (Filtered Words: 0)
I told Moore I was going to eat , get some forms filled out by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
This was a training ship and the training would continue , but there was an element of frightful absurdity here which [FILTERED] recognized . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was aware of her as a frightfully good-looking American WAC , a second lieutenant assigned to do the paper work , ( regardless of how important she might have thought she was ) in the Command offices , but that was all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Draw-file the edges , square up the ends and put a slight chamfer on the edges so they will not snag in the frame . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Af leads to an address Af that is equal to the address computed from Af , even though Af does not match Af , the chain of information cells is extended from Af by storing the address of the next available cell in the Y-region , Af , in Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The essential characteristic of an optimal policy when the state of the stream is transformed in a sequence of stages with no feedback was first isolated by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
And after I brought them sandwiches and coffee I had to go back to my place in the kitchen and wait . (Filtered Words: 0)
Years later , franks-in-buns were accepted as the `` first to go '' at the New York Polo Grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Player then had the choice of punching the ball safely out of the woods to the 9th fairway and settling for a bogey 5 , or gambling . (Filtered Words: 0)
But suppose she had not taken Mrs. [FILTERED]' advice and lived on like thousands of women in towns , dispossessed of love , hanging on to makeshifts , and altogether and finally arid . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Another youth , Madame '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In his letter mentioning [FILTERED] on January 24 , 1597/8 , Sturley asked [FILTERED] especially that `` theare might ( be ) bi Sir [FILTERED]. Grev. some meanes made to the Knightes of the Parliament for an ease and discharge of such taxes and subsedies wherewith our towne is like to be charged , and I assure u I am in great feare and doubte bi no meanes hable to paie . (Filtered Words: 3)
If you had screamed right there in the street where we stood , I could not have felt more fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ultracentrifugation . (Filtered Words: 0)
No group can contribute more to the success of the program than the editors and publishers of the Inter-American Press Association . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cut a notch in lid for spoon handle if desired . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] was a liar and a slanderer , he was also a very canny gentleman , for nothing that Pike could do would pry so much as a single word out of him . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I don't smoke '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now she kept herself protectively ready to laugh again and sure enough he pointed at her with his index finger and said `` Toot '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The President of the United States , pursuant to a Joint Resolution of Congress , has issued a proclamation each year since 1933 declaring May 22nd to be National Maritime Day . (Filtered Words: 0)
The National Association of Broadcasters code specifically bars hard-liquor commercials . (Filtered Words: 0)
Merger proposed (Filtered Words: 0)
Dallas , Tex. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Activity by British traders and the presence of a colony on the Red prompted the United State War Department in 1819 to send Lieutenant-Colonel [FILTERED] from Detroit to put a post 300 miles northwest of [FILTERED] , until then the most advanced United States post . (Filtered Words: 2)
If `` [FILTERED] the Courtier '' is really to be taken as Swift , the following remark is obviously Steele's comment on Swift's change of parties and its effect on their friendship : `` I assure you , dear [FILTERED] , when I first found out such an Allay in you , as makes you of so malleable a Constitution , that you may be worked into any Form an Artificer pleases , I foresaw I should not enjoy your Favour much longer '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The hospitals contain patients trampled by elephants or run over by sports cars . (Filtered Words: 0)
But responsiveness to these opportunities presumes that all of us judge the good as a human good and not simply as a professional , white , American good . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still no answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one time I became disturbed in the faith in which I had grown up by the apparent inroads being made upon both Old and New Testaments by a `` Higher Criticism '' of the Bible , to refute which I felt the need of a better knowledge of Hebrew and of archaeology , for it seemed to me that to pull out some of the props of our faith was to weaken the entire structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hub was there to support him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The legislature expended most of its time on the schools and appropriations questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
She came to me one day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others invoked technology and common sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Went out a skouting yesterday . (Filtered Words: 0)
One patriarch is supposed to have relegated sacred scriptures for use in an outhouse . (Filtered Words: 0)
The quality of the census data can , therefore , be greatly improved by the use of the registration records in conjunction with the field inquiries . (Filtered Words: 0)
He suggested offering half to Sir [FILTERED] , fearing lest `` he shall thinke it to good for us and procure it for himselfe , as he served us the last time '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The 1960 tax book for East Greenwich indicates a valuation for this property in excess of two million dollars . (Filtered Words: 0)
The U.S. Forest Service cares for hundreds of thousands of campers in its 149 National Forests and is increasing its facilities steadily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nonresidential at $20,447,000 , down 28 per cent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now he saw that the approaching car was painted white , and he began to wave his arms frantically . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should I accompany her to the door of her home , or should I ask to be invited in ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Plastic signs are economical . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus in a context in which there has been discussion of snow but mention of local conditions is new , dominant stress will probably be on here in it rarely snows here , but in a context in which there has been discussion of local weather but no mention of snow , dominant stress will probably be on snows . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sentry's saddled horse stood picketed nearby , having been kept handy in case of need . (Filtered Words: 0)
What do you '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
You're coming along peacefully , or I'll put a bullet in your leg '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 , the operation of the model (Filtered Words: 0)
The necessity for keeping alert to his bride's hazards can act as an interference with the man's spontaneous desire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somehow we old-timers never figured we would ever retire . (Filtered Words: 0)
This financial assistance from the state has become necessary because the local governments themselves found the property tax , or at least at the rates then existing , insufficient for their requirements . (Filtered Words: 0)
A sympathetic friend made poultices of raw potato parings , which she said was the best and quickest way to draw out the `` heat '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before deriving this formula , we explain what we mean by `` problems of this kind '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The added resistance to the rotor damaged the drive belts and reduced the oxygen transfer capacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan filled the dipper from the water bucket on the shelf , went back into the front room , lifted the girl's head , and held the edge of the dipper to her mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reply : (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't even own the house I'm standing in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Funds allotted in addition to their minimum allotment are apportioned to the two agencies as they may determine . (Filtered Words: 0)
A study of their activity on thyroglobulin has shown that thyroxine is not preferentially released and that the degradation proceeds stepwise with the formation of macromolecular intermediates ( Alpers , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , 1956 ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
Gov. [FILTERED] , himself a lawyer and a man of long service in government , spoke with rich background and experience when he said in an address here that lawyers ought to quit sitting in the Missouri General Assembly , or quit accepting fees from individuals and corporations who have controversies with or axes to grind with the government and who are retained , not because of their legal talents , but because of their government influence . (Filtered Words: 1)
He shouted , and was aghast at the echoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Griffith looked at him suspiciously through red-rimmed eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He complained to me once that I must talk to her . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have already seen that odd numbers were considered as being [FILTERED] , while the even numbers were [FILTERED] , so that the eight outer numbers of the [FILTERED] represented these two principles in balanced equilibrium around the axial center . (Filtered Words: 3)
The expression was his trade-mark , his open sesame to good luck , and his prayer that pilot and plane would always return . (Filtered Words: 0)
In September 1822 two companies of infantry arrived at the mouth of the St. Peter's River , the head of navigation on the Mississippi , and began construction of Fort St. Anthony which , upon completion , was renamed in honor of its commander , Colonel [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
This prevents the occurrence of an infinite sequence of isolated tangent points . (Filtered Words: 0)
The entire headquarters collection is available to the patrons of all members on interlibrary loans . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result was like that of a beautiful painting with some of the highlights touched up almost to the point of garishness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Getting to and from school was no problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man has 32 souls , one for each part of the body . (Filtered Words: 0)
He no longer sought to find the law ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
To have refused would have been political suicide . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she did not move , taking the words and the sticks in that old defiance of her extreme youth until suddenly Pile of Clouds came howling among them , swinging a great bullhide whip . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Illinois about 13 per cent of the schools have programs , and in Pennsylvania 11 per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
With most of his mind he was happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
My husband is in great pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tumbled with [FILTERED] , helpless and in agony , over and over , down the steps . (Filtered Words: 1)
With quibs and gibes , the policemen again started digging . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , otherwise Hawk . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` This one came a bit high at thirty thousand or more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Patchen believes that the world is being destroyed by power-hungry and money-hungry people . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there's no denying that the easiest and most economical way to get year-'round whole-house air conditioning is when you build . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tomas , she called him -- as the Mexican hands did . (Filtered Words: 0)
An early Edison production was The Execution Of Mary , Queen Of Scots . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked the same questions inside the launch-control rooms of an [FILTERED] missile base in Wyoming , where officers who wear sidearms are manning the `` commit buttons '' that could start a war -- accidentally or by design -- and in the command centers where other pistol-packing men could give orders to push such buttons . (Filtered Words: 1)
But don't try to stop me , either '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were both painters , ( They were ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Later Helion wrote of this phase : `` For years I built for myself a subtle instrument of relationships -- colors and forms without a name . (Filtered Words: 0)
a trillion peas would fill all the houses in a town of about ten thousand people ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He took the pen in his stumps and began to write . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a wonder , really , to how much mendacious trouble [FILTERED] puts himself to sell the [FILTERED] that preposterous manse . (Filtered Words: 2)
Americana (Filtered Words: 0)
It stood some fifty paces from the edge of the bank . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and his trio have booked into Oceania Lounge . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is endless . (Filtered Words: 0)
Barton nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
The middle-aged man said over and over , `` Why did I come here , why did I come here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Society here and abroad has been built around the dominating male -- even the Bible appears to endorse the concept . (Filtered Words: 0)
the pervasive influence of ideology on our political judgments needs to be recognized and taken into due account ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Damn the world '' , she thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
A new bathroom would certainly have to be put in . (Filtered Words: 0)
The best staining procedure with this purified Af consisted of staining with the conjugate for 30 minutes and washing in PBS for 15 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He reminded himself that all eliminations were tentative . (Filtered Words: 0)
In short order , the general history became his most popular work and has remained , aside from his later Social history , the work most widely favored by the public . (Filtered Words: 0)
To give a patient the wrong type of blood , said the doctor , would likely kill him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He forced himself to stay frozen there . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , after becoming the right-hand man of Enver Pasha , he is sent by the latter to pave the way for a new Turkish Empire embracing `` the union of all Turks throughout Central Asia from Adrianople to the Chinese oases on the Silk Trade Route '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ninth century was in its artistic work `` the spiritually freest and most self-sufficient between past and future '' , and the loving skill spent by its artists upon their products is a testimonial to their sense that what they were doing was important and was appreciated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Compression strength : (Filtered Words: 0)
his lips and the usually sharp lines of his jaw had become swollen-looking . (Filtered Words: 0)
An understanding of the new role of residential association in an industrial society serves to illuminate the forces which have fashioned the iron cage of conformity which imprisons the churches in their suburban captivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh he's a second cousin or something . (Filtered Words: 0)
But do the plays deal with the same facets of experience religion must also deal with ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The tables include those for the classification angles , refractive indices , and melting points of the various types of crystals . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the prepolymer system , the isocyanate and resin are mixed anhydrously and no foaming occurs . (Filtered Words: 0)
In recent years he has traveled widely in Europe , conducting in Italy , France , Austria , and Switzerland . (Filtered Words: 0)
When we went for our walks Lilly's brother would come along every once in a while . (Filtered Words: 0)
During all this time [FILTERED] continued to paint , first only on weekends , and then , as the family business permitted , for longer periods . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nick's body became rigid . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was passing through town and phoned to say hello . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think I have a way so we can carry on without his suspecting us '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an animal was said to be `` mealynosed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His heart seemed to swell and knock against the wall of his chest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an interferometer provides a means of absolute temperature measurement , and may be used as an alternative to the gas thermometer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've seen you walking your dogs on Sunday and driving by in the convertible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , when he had it pointed down the hill , he stopped to gaze at her through the window . (Filtered Words: 0)
The contemporary painter tends to depict not the concrete objects of his experience but their essences as revealed in abstractions of their lines , colors , masses , and energies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
We simply find ourselves in the position of having no means for inquiring into the structure and meaning of this range of our experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your mother would always retrieve him when he wandered off , and she would send him home to his son . (Filtered Words: 0)
This patient was a 65-year-old white male accountant who entered the New York Hospital for his fourth and terminal admission on June 26 , 1959 , because of disabling weakness and general debility . (Filtered Words: 0)
a perfect symbol . (Filtered Words: 0)
They caused my love for Jessica to become warmer and at the same time more hopeless , as if my adolescent self knew that only torment would ever bring me the courage to ask to see her again . (Filtered Words: 0)
She discussed in her letters to Winslow some of the questions that came to her as she studied alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
An existentialist is a man who perceives himself only as `` esse '' , as existence without substance . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the prearranged time , [FILTERED] started the engine and taxied out . (Filtered Words: 1)
The guards came to life with astonishing menace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some have plenty of money -- some have very little money . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Connally amendment says that the United States , rather than the court , shall determine whether a matter is essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of the United States in a case before the World Court to which the United States is a party . (Filtered Words: 0)
One could hear a very faint , ladylike sigh of relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were liberal provisions for dispensation where documents or records were lacking . (Filtered Words: 0)
He claimed in his attacks that [FILTERED] , with scurrilous underhandedness , had deliberately written an ambiguous bid that had so confused the honest members of the legislature that they had awarded him the contract without knowing what they were doing . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` That's a horrible thing to accuse her of '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly external forces should not be applied arbitrarily out of mere power available to do so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind its ornate facade the notorious dive clung like a bird's nest to the rocky ribs of the canyonside . (Filtered Words: 0)
TASS from Moscow in English to Europe : (Filtered Words: 0)
The charges of the electron and proton are believed to be exactly equal and opposite , but Dr. [FILTERED] is not so sure . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- hush . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And from now on , for the rest of this trip , I will only drink what you agree that I should drink '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Months . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] impatiently propelled the slave toward her waiting carriage . (Filtered Words: 1)
He's as good as gone '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Denver itself collects a 1% sales tax which is to be absorbed in the higher area tax . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was also the one salient question to ask , and ask widely : Did you notice anything out of the way ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In other words , if F satisfies the differential equation Af , then F is uniquely expressible in the form Af where Af satisfies the differential equation Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The extrapolation may be in error for several reasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
The motorist later was identified as [FILTERED] , 17 , of 2433 McClellan , currently on probation and under court order not to drive . (Filtered Words: 1)
Indeed , the apparent stiffening of the industry's attitude in the recent steel strike has a direct explanation in terms of the model here presented . (Filtered Words: 0)
Russians , Filipinos . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until recently . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mild activity of his command during the sojourn of the troops at Valley Forge could be handled by a subordinate , he felt , so like [FILTERED] , equally loyal to Washington , who went to Boston at this time , [FILTERED] received permission to visit his home in Virginia for several weeks . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Why , what a lovely voice you have '' , said one of the female visitors . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was something about his face that disturbed me and it took several seconds to realize what . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
February's volume was 1 per cent above January's for the first pickup since last October , although it's still 1.5 per cent off from February 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
How he returned in such a ghastly condition , or why , I cannot say . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was far from convinced of the truth of my statement , but could not think of anything that might evoke responses more quickly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first one , two years ago , changed the routine of their home life . (Filtered Words: 0)
This would show that somebody , even a foreigner living in Rome , cared . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one was ever educated through bull-sessions in anything other than , to quote him again , `` perfumed bullshit . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , she smiled , `` objected '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rexroth is a longtime jazz buff , a name-dropper of jazz heroes , and a student of traditional as well as modern jazz . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , the henpecked husband with his shrewish wife is a comic figure of long standing , in literature and on the stage , as Dr. [FILTERED] points out . (Filtered Words: 1)
petitioner was not denied due process ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , early in my life , when one of my editorial workers wanted to find out how churches and philanthropic organizations met the needs of New York's down-and-outers , he didn't just ask questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is usually something of an underdog , he must battle the organized police force as well as recognized criminals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could be scramble (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty's father sat sprawled in his chair , angular , alert as a cricket , looking about at the huge stainless-steel appointments of the room with an expression of proprietorship . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter , thanking her for the coffee , had winked and muttered , `` Sure 'nuff , honey '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That quirt -- I ought to use it on you , where it would do the most good . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cover the whole building , bury us all , by nightfall . (Filtered Words: 0)
In modern jazz , the saxophone is treated as a woodwind and played with conventional embouchure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over 450 different schools are usually represented in each entering class . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet you feel the orchestra is near at hand , and the individual instruments have the same firm presence associated with listening from a good seat in an acoustically perfect hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
and that over-all , amazing control of large washes which is the Mason stylemark . (Filtered Words: 0)
He smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chinese influence (Filtered Words: 0)
and thus he would have been carried over into the life eternal . (Filtered Words: 0)
His reply , he said , was that he agreed to the need for unity in the country now . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guns are fired , the hymns are sung , and the body of [FILTERED] is carried down to the vault and laid beside the tombs of his ancestors . (Filtered Words: 1)
today there are 48,500 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A useful by-product of this system is that the information necessary to set the gyro drift biases is available from the currents necessary to hold the system in level . (Filtered Words: 0)
Monel shows improvement with each work-out and looks the makings of a good brood mare after winning her share of races . (Filtered Words: 0)
35 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , the exchange would not be expected to be sensitive to trace amounts of impurities because it would not be apt to be a chain reaction since the activation energy for abstraction of chlorine by a chlorine atom would be expected to be too high ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Funds may be readily donated for some purposes but not others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Initially , the wastewater would be entirely from the shopping center with the domestic sewage from the houses increasing over an 18-month period . (Filtered Words: 0)
' church meets change ' (Filtered Words: 0)
She has the small , highly developed body of a prime athlete , and holds in contempt the `` girls who just move sex '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew how to spread himself against the borders of the space that had to separate them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The effective recognition of excellence and its nurture has to be learned and is not learned in a day , nor even in a year . (Filtered Words: 0)
ground meats are usually prepared from scrap meats at the local level , whereas irradiation at economic volumes of production would require central processing and distribution facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
The azaleas were as large as shrubs , and their myriad blooms , many still tight in the bud , ranged in color from purple through fuchsia and rose to the palest pink , along with many white ones too . (Filtered Words: 0)
What we have left as reasonably comparable are four classes : ( 1 ) body parts and products , which with a proportionally nearly even representation ( 51 terms out of 253 , 25 out of 100 ) come out with nearly even ratios ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This has saved us from constant requests seven days a week and made us feel less brutal to the young `` less fortunate '' than ours . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine , hands on cheeks , rolled by his unwounded side onto his stomach . (Filtered Words: 0)
No page seems to be complete without the statement of at least one unproved generalization . (Filtered Words: 0)
By these measures , Congress , so the Court ( in effect ) now decides , gave not only needless but inadequate relief , since it now appears that the federal courts have inherent power to sterilize the Act of 1875 against all proceedings challenging local regulation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'd peddled the soap virtually alone , and without much success , until about a year ago , when -- with the addition of `` SX-21 '' to their secret formula and the inauguration of a high-powered advertising campaign -- sales had soared practically into orbit . (Filtered Words: 0)
This new vision of man that the narrator acquires is also accompanied by a re-vision of his previous view . (Filtered Words: 0)
Issue no. 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lucretius has remarked : `` The reason why all Mortals are so gripped by fear is that they see all sorts of things happening in the earth and sky with no discernable cause , and these they attribute to the will of God '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
So the driver started to curse at both of them as if they had been in a plot together to ruin his safe-driving record . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note that we need not know the value of p , for the experiment to be binomial . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this reason , he says , the density of the universe always remains the same even though the galaxies are zooming away in all directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , Moscow appeared determined to apply the tripartite veto principle to the executive organs of all international bodies , including [FILTERED] and the International Control Commission for Laos . (Filtered Words: 1)
These two , Heritage and Drexel , chose too not to produce the exactly matching design for every piece , but a collection of correlated designs , each of which could stand alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went on to explain what he had in mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I made you so you could stand up . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 1 ) A great deal of time was spent on processes for solving marital differences . (Filtered Words: 0)
Discovery of electromagnetism (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , that's what I meant to tell you . (Filtered Words: 0)
An Ah coudn ansuh him an so Ah said ' Aw right , Ah gay-ess , an his fathuh didn uttuh one wohd an aftuh Huhmun was gone , the majuh laughed an tole me thet he an the bawh had been hevin an occasional drink t'gethuh f'ovuh a yeah , onleh an occasional one , but just the same it was behahn mah back , an Ah doan think thet's nahce at all , d'you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm starting to itch '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ignores guidebook facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
He pushes and straightens himself as if he can't stand the feeling of being held . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` By winning against Bradley , Kentucky and Notre Dame on those teams' home courts , they showed that the home court advantage can be overcome anywhere and that it doesn't take a super team to do it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
With this movie-to-be in London , and new faces about her there , she would soon be a more tranquil , a wiser person , all the better for her stay out here . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she was talking of [FILTERED] when she saw the black line of the open door ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Now that's not regulation , is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
After blotting out most of the liquid around the sections , the latter were mounted in buffered glycerine ( 7 parts glycerine to 3 parts of PBS ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked Rawlins . (Filtered Words: 0)
Iodinated casein . (Filtered Words: 0)
The crowd moved back and John started dizzily down the hill . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have to say good-bye upstairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wine stored for a long time should be on its side ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I turned around with the percolator in my hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
He declared on March 25 that the United States had erred a year and a half ago by `` encouraging the removal '' of Prince Souvanna . (Filtered Words: 0)
The speaking of the lines seemed excessively slow and stately , possibly in an effort to capture the spirit of 17th century elegance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` [FILTERED] square as an expression of centrality (Filtered Words: 1)
His point is simply that the Tories have showered him with personal satire , despite the fact that as a private subject he has a right to speak on political matters without affronting the prerogative of the Sovereign . (Filtered Words: 0)
A rough attempt was made to characterize the vertical profile of the cloud by taking samples from outside the windows on the first , ninth , and fifteenth floors of a Government office building . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through the door , he had seen Mr. [FILTERED] walking around , waiting for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
I had no doubt that it was . (Filtered Words: 0)
We will refer to the plane of C and Af as the C-plane and to the plane of the graph as the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
In such an instance , revenuers stressed , the deduction must be reduced by the value of the benefit received . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gave the Juniors the use of the entire ring at the show -- a great advantage to them ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It appears to be one of intense dislike , which he makes little effort to conceal even in the presence of Southern friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather , meat and potatoes , sugar , and dairy products are the main sources of carbohydrate , protein , oils , and fats . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never have to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under committee rules , it went automatically to a subcommittee for one week . (Filtered Words: 0)
It must have got there when you fell against me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this respect experience is broader and full of a richer variety of potential meanings than the mind of man or any of his arts or culture are capable of making clear and distinct . (Filtered Words: 0)
For any house . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was that prick Coughlin . (Filtered Words: 0)
In transit or on station , it may not be possible to attack the submarines until commission of an overt act . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Love me , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Adaptation to the social and non-social environment through the economy has been met to a degree through a type of occupational segregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Space was provided for short-time guest medical exhibits , and the Museum collected new accessions of microscopes , medical , surgical , and diagnostic instruments , uniform , and similar items of historical medico-military significance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was a strange relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mailing the questionnaire (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't miss the pansies that appear from time to time through the winter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Return to the standing position . (Filtered Words: 0)
But for some fool reason he couldn't remember which men he'd put on the transfer detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then at least he would have a place to hang his tools and something to work on . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked up and grinned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Commissioner replies (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Moriarty '' , my driver suddenly exclaimed with something so definite , so final in his tone I once more repeated the absurdity , mustering all my latent powers of hypocrisy to sound convinced . (Filtered Words: 0)
Into its chanceries each day pour reports from ministries around the earth and an endless stream of home-office instructions on how to handle [FILTERED] in an infinite variety of contingencies . (Filtered Words: 1)
The plank floor was slimed beneath [FILTERED]'s boots . (Filtered Words: 1)
These are like the initial ways in which the world forces itself upon the self and thrusts the self into decision and choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead , they went on down the hall to their room . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she was talking of [FILTERED] when she saw the black line of the open door ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Sir [FILTERED] `` rebuttal '' of Sir [FILTERED]'s [FILTERED] is marred throughout by too forceful a desire to defend Lindemann and apparently himself from Sir [FILTERED]' supposed falsehoods while stating those `` falsehoods '' in an unclear incoherent argument . (Filtered Words: 4)
Actually the Atlanta campaign was a military failure . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the loudest clock in the whole world '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I once heard a comedian say that if you are killed by a taxicab in New York , it is listed as `` death due to natural causes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Press clay into mold as instructed in General Directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
These institutions which Mr. [FILTERED] names `` agreeable autocracies '' -- where did they come from ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The last point was soon to be included in the `` seditious '' remarks used against him in Parliament . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was five minutes after four . (Filtered Words: 0)
I used his polarity to illustrate what I thought had happened to us in that form of liberalism we call Progressivism . (Filtered Words: 0)
They married . (Filtered Words: 0)
She snarled warningly . (Filtered Words: 0)
I doubt , for example , that , 3 months before the leadership began to talk about what came to be the [FILTERED] plan , any public-opinion expert would have said that the country would have accepted such proposals . (Filtered Words: 1)
A generation ago there were plenty of people who appreciated antiques and fine reproductions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The combination of thin pattern and very tiny pellets makes it necessary to get on the birds , right now ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He had thought her exactly what he wanted . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
Presumably the same sun was shining upon little [FILTERED] also , and those who had kidnapped him . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] commenced his remarks by an allusion to the general feeling of opposition which the meeting had encountered from many of the citizens and all the newspapers of the city . (Filtered Words: 1)
the sky-reaching peaks of the Northwest mountains ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He would not make a sound until the President had wakened and left for the office ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The charges caught Pike off balance , coming as they did from an unexpected quarter . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , at least you won't have to do that '' , she was saying . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mae wouldn't have plotted a thing like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
All Southerners agree that slavery had to go ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Her ostensible indifference to and rebellion against suggestions and criticisms by anyone except peer friends during adolescence are the manifestations , in her adolescence , of her having been indoctrinated in childhood to feel shame , if not guilt , for failing to behave in a manner acceptable to , and judged by , the performance of her nursery- and elementary-school peer friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brace for sciatica (Filtered Words: 0)
The results of the study , based on collision integrals computed from the latest critically evaluated data on intermolecular forces in air , will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity , thermal conductivity , thermal diffusion , and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1,000 to 10,000 Af and of logarithm of pressure in atmospheres from Af to Af times normal density . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s fine young face was an expressive one , too ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
There wasn't much light in the blue dark , but I could see her well . (Filtered Words: 0)
One cannot make a very satisfactory guess about the micrometeorite flux in space . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fourth view is the transformation of emotion , as in Housman's fine phrase on the arts : they `` transform and beautify our inner nature '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recapitulation of Milton's undergraduate career (Filtered Words: 0)
The religions of the people include Christianity , Mohammedanism , paganism , ancestor worship and animism . (Filtered Words: 0)
which he obviously had to be given the opportunity to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
Image intensifier based upon the `` multipactor '' principle , ( D ) (Filtered Words: 0)
She teamed up with another beauty , whose name has been lost to history , and commenced with some fiddling that would have made Nero envious . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even if he is gifted with the merest mustard grain of imagination , something must seep in . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Me and you's trading hats so's you'll have something permanent to remember me by '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
You've never been to Ryusenji '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , modern scholarly opinion in the main has not retreated all the way back to the destructive scepticism of the first half of the nineteenth century . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no use trying to `` Explain '' to a 2-year-old . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most conclusively identified is L-5-vinyl-2-thio-oxazolidone , which was isolated from rutabaga ( Greer , 1950 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Got no business over here on a stake-out anyway '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am not a philosopher . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to maintain economic balance . (Filtered Words: 0)
All the other parts of speech : nouns , pronouns , adjectives , adverbs , and conjunctions operated under the same system as the verbs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Variations in sound velocity should be measured rather than temperature , because more of the variables would be encompassed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It didn't take us as long as we'd thought it might ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Oersted remodeled Ritter's notes into an essay in French which was submitted to the Institut De France for its annual prize of 3,000 francs . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may want to include your own regular vacation period if you have one . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was said that he had had a vision . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Very few wives '' , says Dr. [FILTERED] , `` who balance the checkbook , fix the car , choose where the family will live and deal with the tradesmen , are suddenly going to become submissive where sex is concerned . (Filtered Words: 1)
But this year prospects may be better . (Filtered Words: 0)
This has been a working session of an organization that , by its very nature , can only proceed along its route step by step and without dramatic changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
he had been at the Dumont for almost a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
The U.N. session scheduled for today will meet under the cloud of his passing . (Filtered Words: 0)
it prepares cooperative displays ( posters , booklists , brochures , and other promotional material ) for use in member libraries ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A hypothetical issue of this sort might deal with the establishment of a free public junior college in a community where there already was a good private college which served the middle-class youth adequately but was too expensive for working-class youth . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his moments of worst agony , Martin imagined what his friends were saying . (Filtered Words: 0)
sore feet by calf's-foot , an herb from the pioneer's ubiquitous herb garden , or by soaking the feet in a pan of hot water in which two cups of salt had been dissolved . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The FBI yesterday arrested on a perjury charge one of the members of the jury that failed to reach a verdict in the `` Freedom Rider '' bus burning trial four weeks ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
This might be done to arouse those who have been squeezed out by the trims to exert pressure on the Legislature , so it would be more receptive to a tax proposal later in the year . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nearest undisrupted end of track from Boston was at Concord , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
B . (Filtered Words: 0)
These qualities endeared him to both the musicians and the social-economic haute monde which supported the concert world of the post-World War 1 , era . (Filtered Words: 0)
He called [FILTERED] , proprietor of the shop , who summoned police and an ambulance . (Filtered Words: 1)
The argon flow from commercial bottles was regulated by a pressure regulator and measured with a gas flow rator . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asks . (Filtered Words: 0)
By now he was undergoing a fresh torrent of abuse from Tory papers and pamphlets , and action was being taken to effect his punishment by expulsion from Parliament . (Filtered Words: 0)
A 60 mm. mortar and a 57 mm. recoilless rifle owned by Lauchli were brought along . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is to say , to the churchyard '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact is that the Italians , French and British know that they have no defense against nuclear bombs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Capital flows must be coordinated with national needs and planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
At 12:50 p.m. a ramp was rolled up to the plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a man was good , if he was going to be governor , you felt it and you wanted him to go on forever . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , he's just there . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A . (Filtered Words: 0)
The minister was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The girl looked around quickly at several of the people . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1890 when the trip to Europe and the Holy Land was arranged for Miss Packard , it was Miss Upton who planned the trip , and `` with rare executive ability '' bore the brunt of `` the entire pilgrimage from beginning to end '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The time is now ripe , indeed overdue , for the vigorous development of its non-military potentialities , for its development as an instrument of Atlantic community . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeds grown for industrial uses hold a relatively minor position . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was one epoch : the apple-tree epoch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fantastic colors are to be seen in the fanciful formations of eroded rock which loom out of the semiarid country in both parks . (Filtered Words: 0)
he studied them , compared them with what he had been taught as a nestling , struggling to bridge between languages , the one he thought with and the one he was learning to think in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before he could snap it on , a stinging blow caught him in the ribs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both of these systems are essential for the production , development , and use of the National Forests . (Filtered Words: 0)
He started practice in 1917 , and served on the State Board of Medical Examiners . (Filtered Words: 0)
All western Europe would hear and listen to him in this same vein about the middle of the century . (Filtered Words: 0)
Haney didn't want to encourage his company , but felt he ought to buy him a drink anyhow , to prevent possible trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
E . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm telling you , if these corpses ever knew the trouble they put us to , they'd think twice before letting themselves get knocked off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or maybe poling up the south fork of the Forked Deer River braving the wastes dumped in it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Harold shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alpers , Robbins and Rall , 1955 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
What to talk about ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapter 6 , more methods (Filtered Words: 0)
Often it is thin and fragile and gives way readily to the male organ at the first attempt at intercourse . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's just heard from the pathologist who says Mrs. [FILTERED] apparently died from suffocation '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
For several days , she was ill as a result of [FILTERED]'s treatment . (Filtered Words: 1)
Neither growth nor a development program can be imposed on a country ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They were sitting on their heels , rider-fashion , over by the still empty calf wagon . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the second requirement for convincing people without their knowledge is artistic talent to prepare the words and pictures which persuade by using the principles which the scientists have discovered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another week passed and even the missionaries were enjoying the voyage . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a group they should be favorable to a concept of gradual Germanic infiltration although the specialist nature of much of their work , e.g. [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , tends to obscure their sympathies . (Filtered Words: 3)
The women had a bright shining expectancy as they leaned out from the wall and gazed splendidly into the distance , while the men were stern but hopeful . (Filtered Words: 0)
That 4 per cent yield is well below the return to be had on good corporation bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Local jobs can be seen and counted , while opportunities elsewhere are regarded as more hypothetical . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the complex of singular lines is of order K and since there is no complex of invariant lines , it follows from the formula Af that the order of the involution is Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
And his memory , like an elephant's , stored with precise knowledge of men and things and happenings '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ballet flowered in Italy during the next hundred years , and about 1550 was carried to France when the Italian princess , [FILTERED] , married the King of France . (Filtered Words: 1)
What would happen next ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The rehearsal through literature of emotional life under controlled conditions may be a most valuable human experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
I lived in this onward-driving contest where each day overcame a new difficulty , gained a new truth , or banished a previous error '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where there was no road , they lived without one . (Filtered Words: 0)
The objective of the study was to determine the opinions and practices of small firms selling to defense programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
a medico's injection inflamed a nerve , and [FILTERED] can barely walk . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was glad [FILTERED] was nowhere near . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` You can't do this to us '' , [FILTERED] screamed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mann understood better than most men the incest comedy at the center of the myth and the psychological truth in which dread is shown as the other face as longing was for him just the kind of deep and complicated joke he liked to tell . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is awfully talky , for instance , and not all of the talk is terribly impressive . (Filtered Words: 0)
A narrow professionalism (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps they had a car or truck and would drive him into town . (Filtered Words: 0)
I assume that the number of readers of this anthology who regard themselves as morally perfect is small , and that most readers are willing to consider procedures by which they may gain more insight into themselves and better understanding of others . (Filtered Words: 0)
The debris of his other careers was piled everywhere ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Both of them did communicate one central theme : Against the ruin of the world , there is only one defense -- the creative act . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the end , he said : `` I'm not enchanted by the proposition , sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elaine nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exboyfriend meet exhusband '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A lot of thought went into storage space construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even Professor [FILTERED] , agreeing with his son , does so in these terms : `` Compared to continuing to incur a constant risk of the destruction of the human race , all other evils are lesser evils . (Filtered Words: 1)
A shorter word is . (Filtered Words: 0)
Construction is well along , and the plant is scheduled for completion in November of this year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reverend Jason , looking worried , hurried toward us . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No divinity will hold still for that . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other half he didn't like to recognize , even to himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
( He was never without that dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have to get up early for church tomorrow '' , she went on . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no cash around ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Five minutes later they reached the horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew it wouldn't be the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sergeant froze . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Vice President had called and asked if he could see the Secretary at his home . (Filtered Words: 0)
This sample was contained in a cylindrical container similar to that described above . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , the Chamber of Commerce of Gatlinburg , Tennessee , sponsors special camera tours into the Great Smoky Mountains to get pictures of the profusion of wild flowers flourishing in these wooded regions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tall sunburnt rustler-hunter stared in amazement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check to see if some of your benefits -- such as on-the-job disability pay -- can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another struck him heavily in the thigh and he went down . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was a broth of a boy , our Felix , and nothing was more obvious than the joy he took in demonstrating how agile he was and how full of juice and spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
My idea of masterful movie making . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's make a list of your assets '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
among the operating departments of the state ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , I say '' , the lady twittered . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dance is but a disguised ritual for the expression of ungratified sexual desire . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fees are about half to a third of what they were 25 years ago '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he wouldn't ask her -- he wasn't the kind of man who would force his wife to submit to him against her will . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ten or more dangerous parties singled out for prosecution were still at large , and Pels realized that if these men entrenched themselves in their adobe houses , defending themselves through loopholes , it would be most difficult to capture them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why don't you bastards lay off for a while '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The owner of the painting got it for $750,000 , sold it for $500,000 in a market crash , and bought it back for $590,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He who has the Son has the life . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the finest soft shoe tunes ever invented , `` Once In Love With Amy '' is also , of course , one of the most tantalizingly persistent of light love lyrics to come out of American musical comedy in our era . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remington Jet Magnum Center Fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each system develops differently , according to the area it serves , but the universal goal is to pool the resources of a given area for maximum efficiency . (Filtered Words: 0)
The English lady said she had to go to Vienna for a while . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nothing's free in the whole goddam world '' , was all I could think of to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the time came when I was no longer innocent and therefore no longer helpless . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is quite likely that an even greater area was covered , particularly downwind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Passing dogs were greeted with a cordial bark . (Filtered Words: 0)
These moments are historical events in the lives of individual authors with which the student of comparative literature must be frequently concerned . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- After 52 rainless days , moisture finally came to Del Mar , resulting in but one workout during the week for most of the horses , and leaving us with less than half our total average rainfall during the season . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why , to brush your teeth '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We know that actors can learn to portray a wide variety of character roles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly , in presenting still photographs of early jazz groups , the program allowed no time for a close perusal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The proposal was made by Dr. [FILTERED] after he and Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , a board member and long-time critic of the superintendent , argued for about fifteen minutes at this week's meeting . (Filtered Words: 2)
You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the darkness , she saw him stirring . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also you can spell , without consulting a dictionary for every other word . (Filtered Words: 0)
About 90 percent of the corn used in the United States is fed to animals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Garth hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Student workshop (Filtered Words: 0)
Small wonder , then , that we fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is learning the difficulties of diplomacy rapidly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her form was silhouetted and with the strong light I could see the outlines of her body , a body that an artist or anyone else would have admired . (Filtered Words: 0)
Demanded Mary . (Filtered Words: 0)
But who cares , when the lady sings ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] will never forgive him -- never ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` How many pamphlets do we have in stock '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Department expects and receives no thanks from Congress for its discretion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All of them for you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I beg your pardon , sir '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What do you '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Further , do our reforming friends really believe that the cartoonists will consent to the banishment of the tiger from their zoo ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
By the second day [FILTERED] began to worry ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
In spite of his being well liked there were a few people who were very careful about Alfred . (Filtered Words: 0)
Election of [FILTERED] to membership in Pacific Coast Stock Exchange , effective Tuesday , has been announced by [FILTERED] , president of the exchange . (Filtered Words: 2)
You want me to drop my pot '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In front of him is a gold phone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had that tall dark boy , carrying trays too heavy for him , found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more than he could bear ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A 5-percent royalty is paid on any production during the period the contract is in effect ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then we're lucky we got here . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , Julie dear . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was almost too easy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nonreactors had been separated into two groups on this assumption with the presumably `` secure '' nonreactors and `` secure '' reactors being used as the groups for comparative personality studies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much to [FILTERED] amazement , as well as my own , I got along splendidly with the [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
This includes assistance in -- assembling the basic economic , financial , technological , and educational information on which programing depends ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the stands he is lonely and lost , no matter how many are about him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't try to be noble '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A couple of tips we're running down -- nothing promising . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Old Ones neither helped nor hindered this plan ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not recognize it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He must not fail to hear it . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not necessarily to green , however , for in some situations only a yellow indication is given to a train to let it into the `` plant '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wouldn't have , even if he'd asked her . (Filtered Words: 0)
But then , he hadn't studied very hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
it's to be a good person '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The eyes of the figure of the Nile are covered , perhaps either to symbolize the mystery of her source or to obscure from her sight the baroque facade of the Church of Sant' Agnese in Agone , the work of Bernini's rival , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- Guidance in Christian social concerns . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hughes would not comment on tax reforms or other issues in which the Republican candidates are involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
For an instant he glared speechless at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Personally , I don't blame him for giving up the dive , much as I regret losing the story '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third belief , in six points , emphasizes the Diety of the Lord Jesus Christ , and : (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He wanted a few stills for magazine ads , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last week the board , by a 4 to 3 vote , decided to ask voters whether they prefer the 6-3-3 ( junior high school ) system or the 8-4 system . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] shook his head . (Filtered Words: 1)
He knows me as your niece , which , of course , I am . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hired , hard lackeys of the Warmongering capitalists . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the inner functions of religion are performed , the individual is a composed , ordered , motivated , and emotionally secure associate ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Once he has been identified , however , a new melody is used to accompany his narrative , a bleak motif with barren octaves creating a rather ancient effect : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why , I meant what I said '' , Lord declared . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is interesting to note how many of the plants on Massachusetts' Route 128 draw most of their income either from the government in non-competitive cost-plus arrangements , or from the exploitation of patents which grant at least a partial monopoly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Schwarzkopf is , of course , Schwarzkopf . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fear of war can make us either too weak to stand and too willing to compromise , or too reckless and too nervous to negotiate for peace as long as there is any chance to negotiate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bus was burned outside Anniston . (Filtered Words: 0)
Limited interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the fifty-two slaves , [FILTERED] succeeded in getting a lot of twenty , twelve of whom were females . (Filtered Words: 1)
For example , the importance of the Regulus 2 , a very promising aerodynamic ship-to-surface missile designed to be launched by surfaced submarines , was greatly diminished by the successful acceleration of the much more advanced Polaris ballistic missile launched by submerged submarines . (Filtered Words: 0)
What the hell was he up to now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I made them show me their identification before I could be persuaded not to call on Felice Perrin '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , any oxygen nonequivalence would shorten either the already extremely short Af interlayer distance of 2.55 A or the non-hydrogen-bonded Af interlayer interactions which are already quite short at 2.58 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nitrogen narcosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked , taking a final gulp of my drink , and handing him the empty glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- New York Central Railroad president [FILTERED] said Tuesday his line would face the threat of bankruptcy if the Chesapeake & Ohio and Baltimore & Ohio Railroads merge . (Filtered Words: 1)
The differentiation between the East Coast and West Coast schools of jazz , the differences between the `` hard bop '' school of Rollins , and the `` cerebral '' experiments of Tristano , [FILTERED] and Marsh , the general differences in the mores of white and Negro musicians , all had become fairly well known to certain segments of the public . (Filtered Words: 1)
He skips around from jazz , to blues to boogie -- accompanying himself on piano and frequently pulling the customers in on the act . (Filtered Words: 0)
These two were going to be easy pickins . (Filtered Words: 0)
The enormous changes in world politics have , however , thrown it into confusion , so much so that it is safe to say that all international law is now in need of reexamination and clarification in light of the social conditions of the present era . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ludie had a cigar box full of marbles and shooters , and a Roman candle from last Fourth of July . (Filtered Words: 0)
The book is divided into chapters and in each chapter the material is grouped into Text , Tables , Illustrations , and Bibliography . (Filtered Words: 0)
In such circumstances , it may well be to the advantage of the industry to allow an increase in the basic wage rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The temporary Peace Corps will be a source of information and experience to aid us in formulating more effective plans for a permanent organization . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something flailed at the side of Nick's head as they rolled around and around . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not stop to analyze . (Filtered Words: 0)
A new bathroom would certainly have to be put in . (Filtered Words: 0)
In place of the police headquarters was a new square filled with rubble . (Filtered Words: 0)
' an American journey ' (Filtered Words: 0)
The woman in the house where the niece was staying backed up his story and said she left when he did to shop for her dinner . (Filtered Words: 0)
When cut , the planking is clamped in place for a final and careful trimming . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Listen , mister . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , poorest of the seven , gave up a brilliant law practice to enter Washington's Cabinet . (Filtered Words: 1)
the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seems like she's willing , but the male just flops around all day like the bashful boy who took [FILTERED] behind the barn and then didn't know what to do , and the people at the zoo haven't got any vulture chicks to show for their trouble . (Filtered Words: 1)
A family worship service will follow the program at 7:45 p.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whereas persons of eighth grade education or less were more apt to avoid or be shocked by nudity , those educated beyond the eighth grade increasingly welcomed and approved nudity in sexual relations . (Filtered Words: 0)
There remained a family named Kahler , owners of a two-story [FILTERED]-style house on the south side of the Andrus home . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rachel clicked her tongue behind her teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Geely grunted and slid partly out , and [FILTERED]'s left arm snaked in around his neck to help him , while he set himself solidly on the roadway and swung his right fist to the big , gum-chewing jaw before Geely could straighten up . (Filtered Words: 1)
He said he would have convicted `` somebody '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In 1951 she was a prostitute in New York County . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man's eyelids fluttered . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Remember to call me Jan '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
He wiped his lips with a sleeve , then stared at Clayton in a childish kind of wonder . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was naked except for a clout . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
You need answers to four important questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
You go . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] retiring soon , as hinted , he ain't talking -- yet . (Filtered Words: 1)
He shouted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ripe Geometric potters continued to employ the old syntax of ornaments and shapes and made use of the well-defined though limited range of motifs which they had inherited . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her effort to put the home of living Presidents on the same basis as Mount Vernon and Monticello recognizes no party lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the aid of matching federal funds available under Section 701 of the Housing Act of 1954 as amended , the planning division began a one year program July 1 , 1960 to complete the inventory phase of the state planning program . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drew a long breath and opened the trunk and hung out her clothes and spoilables upon the wagon ribs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nearing home , he jerked to attention at the distant crack of a gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout `` The Making Of A President '' Mr. [FILTERED] shows wonderfully well how the pressures pile up on candidates , how decisions have constantly to be made , how fatigue and illness and nervous strain wear candidates down , how subordinates play key roles . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ridiculing a child for being afraid or forcing him to meet the feared situation alone are poor ways of dealing with the problem ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For the last two years , this frontier of the arts has produced a number of so-called `` non-dramas '' which have left indelible , bittersweet impressions on the psyche of this veteran theatregoer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Engages must be loyal to the concessionaires , and must serve until the term provided in the engagement was ended . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I expect to be tough as a knott as soon as I get over the Georgia Shitts '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here again we run into the roadblock that Negroes do not like to be designated as Negroes in the press . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , drapers , asked [FILTERED] to see to business matters in London . (Filtered Words: 3)
A profession that brought me as good an income as mine wasn't to be sneezed at . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Tom ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The state is now faced with the immediate question of raising new taxes whether on utilities , real estate or motor vehicles , he said , `` and I challenge [FILTERED] to tell the people where he stands on the tax issue '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Once we get over the mountains others will come along . (Filtered Words: 0)
That objective set the high stakes and drama of the Vienna meeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
It appeared that the theory could be saved in one way only . (Filtered Words: 0)
Repeated efforts -- beginning with the Missouri Compromise of 1821 -- were made by such master moderates as [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] to resolve the difference peacefully by compromise , rather than clear thought and timely action . (Filtered Words: 2)
The payroll tax would actually rise to 7.5 per cent starting Jan. 1 , 1963 , if the plan is approved , because the levy is already scheduled to go up by 1 per cent on that date to pay for other social security costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fine example of engineering in a primitive society . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could learn at second hand from books , but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , it seems in the far future . (Filtered Words: 0)
The senses in each counterpart bear the impression only of phenomena that share its own frequency , whereas those upon all other frequencies are invisible , inaudible and intactible to them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Introduction (Filtered Words: 0)
Corollary . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
This thoughtful gesture was well received by the Juniors as the Class had an entry of 46 Juniors and it took approximately one hour , 45 minutes to judge the Class . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` When [FILTERED] gets back with the jeep , I want you to round up two or three Japanese boys . (Filtered Words: 1)
He never smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not explain where he was going , and they did not ask . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any animal could when travelin' fast , be sent heels over head by the simple process of overtakin' the brute , seizin' its tail , and givin' the latter a pull to one side . (Filtered Words: 0)
I studied [FILTERED] closely as the trial progressed for any hint which might give me a lead as to how he might be thwarted . (Filtered Words: 1)
Petitions asking for a jail term for Norristown attorney [FILTERED] will be presented to the Montgomery County Court Friday , it was disclosed Tuesday by Horace A. Davenport , counsel for the widow of the man killed last Nov. 1 by Barnard's hit-run car . (Filtered Words: 1)
His eccentricity begins as a defense against boredom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part of the family should be sleeping while the rest is awake . (Filtered Words: 0)
This will have a beneficial effect by expediting public business ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Oddly enough , this is an amulet against housebreakers , presented to the mem and me by a local rajah in 1949 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . (Filtered Words: 0)
if he instructs them in how to evaluate a work , he is helping them to achieve their own identity . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- of a rifle and killed ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
but they obviously mean by this , not a Negro personality , but a Negro type . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] knew how to help her husband , not just the Stuart-family contacts but also the little dinners for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
She looked back toward the schoolroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Viewing the American Catholic educational achievement in retrospect , we may indeed see it as a unified whole extending from grade school to university . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was holding [FILTERED]'s gun in his left hand . (Filtered Words: 2)
But he didn't figure Ma for much . (Filtered Words: 0)
But whether the murder of El Benefactor in Ciudad Trujillo means freedom for the people of the Caribbean fiefdom is a question that cannot now be answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
He peered from a loophole . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still I didn't think she was twotiming me with Precious right then . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm even going to try to get the whirling dervishes of Damascus '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The present edition of crystal data was written by [FILTERED] , the Johns Hopkins University , Baltimore , Md. ( Part 2 ) ) and [FILTERED] , University of Berne , Switzerland ( Part 1 ) ) with the collaboration of [FILTERED] , U. S. Geological Survey , Washington , D. C. . (Filtered Words: 3)
The selection had been expected . (Filtered Words: 0)
The present issue in Atlantica -- whether to transform an alliance of sovereign nations into a federal union of sovereign citizens -- resembles the American one of 1787-89 rather than the one that was resolved by Civil War . (Filtered Words: 0)
The kick came , sudden and vicious but short . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Follow the river for five miles '' , he said hoarsely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chairman [FILTERED] Mears pointed out that perhaps this was not strictly a school board problem , in case of atomic attack , but that the board would cooperate so far as possible to get the children to where the parents wanted them to go . (Filtered Words: 1)
Loans (Filtered Words: 0)
It cannot , however , be referred to by electronic switch commands , e.g. , ESN , BSN , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though he was glad she got on well with his young folks , she ought to be welcome at the finest house in the land , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Either it is lack of training , lack of proper screening when hiring , lack of management or possibly lack of interest on the part of the telephone company , which does have a Government-blessed monopoly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sizzling temperatures and hot summer pavements are anything but kind to the feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fence-line feeding . (Filtered Words: 0)
He peered from a loophole . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matching photographs in oval frames of [FILTERED] and an elderly man who must be Alix's grandfather . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , who had a rather narrow face , longish nose , high forehead , and arching brows , looked like a quizzical Mephistopheles . (Filtered Words: 1)
With these we shape our destiny and own private property , and that , sir , makes ours the best of all possible societies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not immediately , as the deputy demanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sections were mounted on cold slides smeared with Haupts' adhesive ( [FILTERED] , 1940 ) in earlier experiments , and in later experiments with a different mixture of the same components reported by Schramm and Rottger ( 1959 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
The notion of `` inspiration '' is somehow cognate to this feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
And now -- more junk mail (Filtered Words: 0)
Through the telescope , [FILTERED] could see that both spacesuits were still attached to it . (Filtered Words: 1)
He rode low on the mare's neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked at the bed unblinkingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What are you talking about , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
He did not see Sparling , or DeGroot , or [FILTERED] , or any of the feverish crew that had so harassed him twelve hours ago . (Filtered Words: 1)
Editor's note : Reprints of `` Confrontation '' will be included among the material to be distributed to members of the Peace Corps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly , the innovations of bop , and of Parker particularly , have been vastly overrated by people unfamiliar with music , especially by that ignoramus , the intellectual jitterbug , the jazz aficionado . (Filtered Words: 0)
Delinquency , juvenile and adult , is at an all-time high ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Mollusks are a case in point . (Filtered Words: 0)
I love fingerprints '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Factors that inhibit learning and lead to maladjustment (Filtered Words: 0)
How differently Prokofieff's life unfolded . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Called the Marmara Gazinosu , it is on the third floor , with signs pointing the way there , and has a terrace overlooking the Sea of Marmara . (Filtered Words: 0)
And a good several feet around the pool should be neither greensward nor woods , but good hard pavement . (Filtered Words: 0)
To set up a co-operative library system , the law requires a central book collection of 100,000 nonfiction volumes as the nucleus , and the system is organized around it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eh '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The entire concept of cerebral imagery as the physical basis of a mental image can find no logical support . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was coarse , almost insulting , this harsh appraisal , and she has never come to see me since . (Filtered Words: 0)
Field does the planning for the machine operations and fiscal processes and the adapting of the data processing system to new programs as they are made necessary by legislative and policy changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marriage of John and [FILTERED] had clearly reached the breaking point after eight years . (Filtered Words: 1)
To remain secure and prosperous themselves , wealthy nations must extend the kind of co-operation to the less fortunate members that will inspire hope , confidence , and progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
) The fourth session may be concluded with a tour of the church facilities and refreshments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each member would get one post for each 10,000,000 people in its population up to 150,000,000 people or a maximum of fifteen posts . (Filtered Words: 0)
They come in crisp basket weaves in natural honey hues , along with lacey open weaves with a lustre finish in natural , white , black and a whole range of colors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Myra appreciated nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is very uncommon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After this deal with the Bouvardier woman went through . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said with enthusiasm at the idea . (Filtered Words: 0)
This work gave a heat of formation of aluminum fluoride which closely substantiates a value which had been determined by a less direct method , and raises this property to 15 percent above that accepted a few years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I vowed to take care of you -- and that's what I'm gonna do . (Filtered Words: 0)
His eyes are steady anchors of the deepest brown . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I'm not here to define conservatism . (Filtered Words: 0)
The forest was open and freely welcoming , extending an enchanted hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
She's not chubby . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was going to be dangerous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever the source of [FILTERED]'s power , Marina is his captive now ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Visiting the Earth would not be an offering of worth to those of us who are older '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This cited Bang-Jensen's ' aberrant conduct ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By means of charts showing wave-travel times and depths in the ocean at various locations , it is possible to estimate the rate of approach and probable time of arrival at Hawaii of a tsunami getting under way at any spot in the Pacific . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But he was president '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The majority then went to the infant Oberlin . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stared at the pale tracings on the tree , hearing her breath refracted from it , her face close and touching at time the rough edges of the bark . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gross pointed to the Manley story . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] were at Longue Vue last night ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He adjusted the hat , lifted the horn to his lips as though it were a flute , and fell in alongside our fingerprint expert to cavort with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , if any part of the Bible is assuredly the very Word of God speaking through His servant , it is John's Gospel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally he asked , `` Do you object to petting '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A proposal to raise dog license fees drew an objection from Councilwoman Virginia Knauer , who formerly raised pedigreed dogs . (Filtered Words: 0)
All this is great proceedings -- get the minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and two or three of the other boys declared they had never been possum-hunting , and [FILTERED] [FILTERED] ( from Mama [FILTERED]'s side of the family ) said he would just get up from there and take them , right then . (Filtered Words: 4)
`` He's just heard from the pathologist who says Mrs. [FILTERED] apparently died from suffocation '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The president or dean reads some of his publications to form the truest possible evaluation of the quality of his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Ireland's [FILTERED] , near the River Shannon , there is a quiet little suburb by the name of Garryowen , which means `` Garden of Owen '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It did not take me long to slip the bolt securely and return to the rear and its couch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus in both types attention is focused on the community itself , and its phenomenological life . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mmm '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A straight line relationship is usually observed in a plot of Af against load L , having slope k , and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of Adams' work reflects this dogmatic characteristic . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is nonetheless considerable argument against the clause , softened though it be , on the grounds that Federal aid is so necessary to the public schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
They enjoyed lemonade and cookies served before and during the concert by teenage sons and daughters of members of the White House staff . (Filtered Words: 0)
She charged off to the bedrooms . (Filtered Words: 0)
New England . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would be black or white or horse-blanket plaid , chic and splashy , like [FILTERED] herself . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the area of `` community health services '' , the President called for doubling the present 10 million dollar a year federal grants for nursing home construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
She gave a fine portrayal of [FILTERED] on Broadway in 1958 and has appeared in live television from `` Captain Brassbound's Conversion '' to `` [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
I hate embarrassing silences and have been known to make a fool out of myself just to prevent one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked one of the children . (Filtered Words: 0)
At Sounion there is a group of beautiful columns , the ruins of a temple to Poseidon , of particular interest at that time , as active reconstruction was in progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tilghman flung himself aside , dropped on one knee and pulled his own gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Ambiguity of a non-repetitious kind describes the dilemma one girl found herself in . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
First , the upper portion requires series of films for every child , consisting of those from Hand , Elbow , Shoulder , [FILTERED] , and Foot . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yes , he didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dogs followed her and she killed three and badly wounded Old John . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both sexes reported that the discussions on sex adjustment within marriage were extremely enlightening . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the meeting of the Board of Trustees , on March 3 , 1910 , [FILTERED] presented the annual report of the President . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was far from convinced of the truth of my statement , but could not think of anything that might evoke responses more quickly . (Filtered Words: 0)
A credulousness , a distaste for documentation , an uncritical reliance on contemporary accounts , and a proneness to assume a theory as true before adequate proof was provided were all evidences of his failure to comprehend the use of the scientific method or to evaluate the responsibilities of the historian to his reading public . (Filtered Words: 0)
Analysts saw the move as a continuation of the recovery drive that got under way late Monday afternoon when the list sank to a hoped-for `` support level '' represented by around 675 in the Dow Jones industrial average . (Filtered Words: 0)
Player won only one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dimensions in centimeters and fractions of centimeters will give the displacement in cubic centimeters ( cc. ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the New York Central Railroad , one of the Nation's most important carriers , has alone lost 47.6 percent of its passengers since 1949 . (Filtered Words: 0)
C . (Filtered Words: 0)
To have the Greek paper is not the great help that at first flush it seemed . (Filtered Words: 0)
tulips with `` petals wide and shaggy as a spaniel's ears '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A weekly newspaper reported a local romance : `` and the couple were married last Saturday , thus ending a friendship which began in their schooldays '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the first in the series of `` Concerts for Young People by Young People '' to be sponsored by First Lady [FILTERED] at the White House . (Filtered Words: 1)
Milk production may be increased by the anti-infective properties of this drug . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some disappeared with the attainment of their purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We're not drunkards '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , as Communist power increases , the enjoyment of these conditions throughout the world diminishes pro rata and the possibility of their restoration becomes increasingly remote . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that time , he afforded me the courtesy of his busy workday for such length as I may need , to speak about my background , my hopes , my views on various national and local topics , and any problems that I may have been vexed with at the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had always thought she was so beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
He burst from the hot confinement of the room into the cold night air . (Filtered Words: 0)
I ducked just as the first strand broke somewhere down the line and came whipping over the sideboards . (Filtered Words: 0)
They called her [FILTERED] the Mutton , and laughed . (Filtered Words: 1)
That saved [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
That way we'll never know which of us really killed him and which was just the accomplice . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were hideous scars inside the throat and the palate was mutilated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The angle generated by the platform servo **yf multiplied by G is the effective acceleration acting on the accelerometer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alix and [FILTERED] on their wedding day . (Filtered Words: 1)
And WWRL's colorful mobile unit , cruising predominately Negro neighborhoods , is a frequent reminder of that station's round-the-clock dedication to nonwhite interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
The younger [FILTERED] ripped a screen door , breaking the latch , and after an argument struck his uncle with a rock , scratching his face . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Soviet Russia has been invaded twice by German troops in a generation . (Filtered Words: 0)
We trust that you , as a gun and ammunition dealer , have benefited through additional sales of equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy was becoming acquainted with the contadini families that brought produce into Rome . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did not believe him ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Well , what did that matter when the sun was shining and there were dreams to dream about ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no evidence of fibrosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned and raced across the parade ground toward the rock house . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Blanche had been honest , she would have yelled , slammed at least a couple of doors , and thrown a few little , valueless things . (Filtered Words: 0)
So did Poet . (Filtered Words: 0)
This must have been [FILTERED]'s blackest discovery . (Filtered Words: 1)
The housekeeping problems of living in a shelter will begin as soon as the shelter is occupied . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] followed her around the room , collecting the small frail objects ( Christmas , birthday , and anniversary ) and wrapping them in tissue paper . (Filtered Words: 1)
Under the trees , there was a dead redcoat , a young boy with a pasty white skin and a face full of pimples , who had taken a rifle ball directly between the eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had the black numerals on his arm , so he had been branded in a concentration camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
After five minutes with Blanche , one might welcome the astringency of Grazie , who was a sort of Gwen [FILTERED] to Francesca's [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Mixed herd '' meant a herd of mixed sexes , while a `` straight steer herd '' was one composed entirely of steers , and when the cowman spoke of `` mixed cattle '' , he meant cattle of various grades , ages , and sexes . (Filtered Words: 0)
I speak of `` the largest possible measure '' because any person who supposes that these conditions can be universally and perfectly achieved -- ever -- reckons without the inherent imperfectability of himself and his fellow human beings , and is therefore a dangerous man to have around . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Company reached its 125th year as a going industrial concern during 1958 , it became an almost unique institution in the mechanical world . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the coating becomes thicker , the cutting may abruptly change to a cracking type of failure . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the wide range of experiences common to our earth-bound race none is more difficult to manage , more troublesome , and more enduring in its effects than the control of love and hate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vitamins , eggs and milk begin to look like foods to hold down on ( though mothers' milk is still the ticket ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no doubt that [FILTERED] meant every word of what he said . (Filtered Words: 1)
) 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She repeated `` Eurydice '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , by contrast it is a lively and colorful fruit , vegetable , and flower market . (Filtered Words: 0)
Few passed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is slovenly about me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Kayabashi must feel fairly certain of his victory in order to make a visit like this , a trip which could be so easily misinterpreted by the people in the village . (Filtered Words: 0)
With his mouth opened wide , he squirted the warm white milk against the roof of his mouth and his tongue savored the light , earthy taste of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
) properties : (Filtered Words: 0)
You want to watch out that you don't get burned to an ash , first sunny day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Move over , General Motors '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And if the foreigners fighting in the Katanga Army are mercenaries then Lafayette and [FILTERED] were mercenaries too , as were also the members of [FILTERED] in the early part of World War 1 , and of Chennault's Flying Tigers in the early days of World War 2 . (Filtered Words: 2)
2 (Filtered Words: 0)
A three-day confinement week , with a month's vacation and shorter hours all around could be an ultimate demand from cell occupants of the nation , with fringe benefits including : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where they had affected the bleak social style of embalmers' assistants , [FILTERED] went abroad gorgeous in white tie and tails . (Filtered Words: 1)
He pretended that the lath was a tractor and he would drag it through the dirt and make buzzing , tractor sounds with his lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The Tyranny Of Trivia '' suggests arbitrary alphabetical associations to induce slumber . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the task is beyond me because I hold it impossible to compress in a sentence or two the complicated and prodigious contributions [FILTERED] has made as an individual , as a legislator , as a statesman and as a leader and conciliator , to the majestic progress of this Nation . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Hey , Mityukh '' , asks one group , `` what are we shouting about '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
people who thought it was nice to be important , but not important to be nice ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Here's where luck would normally step in . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Latter-day interest in Elizabethan singing dates well back into the nineteenth century in England , much ahead of similar revivals in other countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish I was younger and less timid . (Filtered Words: 0)
All these emotions were screwed up to new heights when , after acceptance and the first rehearsals , there ensued such a buzz of excitement among Parisian music lovers that [FILTERED] had to come running to Rousseau to inform him that the news had reached the superintendent of the King's amusements , and that he was now demanding that the work be offered first at the royal summer palace of Fontainebleau . (Filtered Words: 1)
Insect bites were cured in many ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
These are reasonable assumptions with low viscosity fluids suspended in high viscosity fluids which are subjected to low rates of shear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such vital information , he said , has to be made available to the public frequently and at regular intervals for residents to know . (Filtered Words: 0)
He suspected something underhanded and furtive about him . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was chiefly because of the bluish white autofluorescence from the cells . (Filtered Words: 0)
Further decrees along this line were issued in 1916 and 1919 . (Filtered Words: 0)
According to the medical examiner , she was shot between eleven p.m. and one a.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I will , kitten '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He hit the radio button . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tractor was heavily loaded with the weight of the plow turning the earth , and the tractor stopped instantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was one sterile period : only one poem is dated between 1872 and 1882 and , except for the poems written on the trip to Italy in 1887 , very few from 1882 to 1890 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We '' were [FILTERED] of the National Geographic Illustrations Staff , whose three cameras and eight lenses made him look as formidable as any fighting man we met ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Billy returned with six sticks of dynamite . (Filtered Words: 0)
A goal was fixed , as given in Table 2 , and attention focused on its fulfillment . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was to be nothing more than that . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'd give him things to deliver , letters , checks , deeds and things like that '' , remembers his half-brother [FILTERED] , still in the real estate business in Savannah , `` and learn days later that he'd absent-mindedly stuffed them into his pocket . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No '' , I chuckled , `` I'm just beginning to collect dividends on my investment in education '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
Somebody was up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually it is only when they approach shallow water on the shore that they build up to their terrifying heights . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then , some churchmen remarked , there is a more classical church-state problem : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's the one who's lucky '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore '' (Filtered Words: 0)
I was reminded , amusedly , by a poem of [FILTERED] called The Murder of Two Men by a Young Kid Wearing Lemon Colored Gloves , which Patchen himself read on a record against jazz background . (Filtered Words: 1)
To round out the blockading force , submarines would be needed -- to locate , identify and track approaching vessels . (Filtered Words: 0)
Volume 2 , , in three parts , in 1956 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stained or unstained sections were examined under dark field illumination in a Zeiss fluorescence microscope equipped with a mercury vapor lamp ( Osram HBO 200 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not the authority of God Himself which makes them true . (Filtered Words: 0)
When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : Af (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither the vibrant enthusiasm which bespeaks a people's intuitive sense of the fitness of things at climactic moments nor the vital argumentation betraying its sense that something significant has transpired was in evidence . (Filtered Words: 0)
dust choked their throats and lay like acid in their lungs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two wrongs (Filtered Words: 0)
He shrugged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lack of rainfall and extreme temperatures may call for the development of shade and irrigation of a site to make it useable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Methods of financing adjustments (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There had been a threesome at the party in the suite's bedroom : [FILTERED] ( this was [FILTERED]'s choice for a Roman name ) , another woman who has figured in other very interesting events and one of your well-known American actors . (Filtered Words: 2)
the information cell Af is saved to represent the text occurrence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its life history is much simpler than that of the truly colonial bumblebees and can serve as an example of the life cycle of many other species . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Rockies have many `` Aspencades '' , which are organized tours of the aspen areas with frequent stops at vantage points for viewing the golden panoramas . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sat receptive and interested . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` In a way , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He directed the cortege of autos to the sand dunes near Santa Monica . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several years ago headlines were made by a small radio transmitter capsule which could be swallowed by the patient and which would then radio internal pressure data to external receivers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How'd you do it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His feeling always exacted sacrifices from her . (Filtered Words: 0)
In what's a linguist ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Attorneys for the eight other defendants said only that there was no proof of their clients' guilt . (Filtered Words: 0)
The few scholars who have adopted the `` shore occupied by '' interpretation , Howorth , Shore , and [FILTERED] , have all been Celtic survivalists . (Filtered Words: 1)
The first involves a simple shift of interests in the society . (Filtered Words: 0)
We write this Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Know what I had to fix fer Ole Him '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The one sure way to tell victim and villain apart is to examine the hind legs which in the case of the idler , [FILTERED] , lack the pollen baskets -- naturally ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
a stream or pond which is attractive in the springtime may become stagnant or dry in late summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The contraction therefore partakes of the character of a phase transition . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bead tree seeds are the necklaces of South Pacific islanders and the eyes of Buddha dolls in Cuba . (Filtered Words: 0)
the crupper under his tail seemed to be old stuff . (Filtered Words: 0)
To most of those who composed the Amen corner it was a magnificent and beautiful experience , something for which they lived from week to week . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drew her close and , hand on cheek , turned her face to his . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two wrongs (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It depends on the widow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deans can form an important bridge between the president and the faculty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost immediately she was ashamed of herself for feeling vain , at such a time , in such a place , and she tossed back her long yellow hair , smiling shyly as she entered the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
For his first five years in prison , they had shared a cell . (Filtered Words: 0)
They simply turned to God filled with gratitude and faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would order her to bring coffee , and would take from his vest pocket a thin black pipe which he would stuff -- he would not remove his gloves -- and light and smoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am resting today in His wonderful peace , (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dallas and Fort Worth can vote bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'd have gotten him , if I hadn't stopped her . (Filtered Words: 0)
They visited the shipyards at Brest and [FILTERED] had to sign the register , vouching for the integrity of the visiting foreigner . (Filtered Words: 1)
Anybody who is expecting a joyride should , according to Mr. [FILTERED] , get off the train right now . (Filtered Words: 1)
Every letter answers itself in a couple of weeks '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were not rushed . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the extent that our sampling of the orientations of American college students in the years 1950 and 1952 may be representative of our culture -- and still valid in 1959 -- we are disposed to question the summary characterization of the current generation as silent , beat , apathetic , or as a mass of other-directed conformists who are guided solely by social radar without benefit of inner gyroscopes . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a radical change in attitude from the conditions which prevailed several years ago , when a series of bombings was directed against Negroes who were moving into previously all-white neighborhoods of Dallas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Records (Filtered Words: 0)
The site (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was simply his necessity to confess which had made him write and keep this thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
We've done our part '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It might be called the `` public utility '' type because of the considerable use to which it has been put in gas and electric utility rate cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , elections would be more democratic ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Our experience has taught us that it pays to buy the best equipment possible , from pipes to brushes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` At least you could leave it for the movers '' , Miss [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was crazy about her all over again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Barney finished the cigarette he had been smoking . (Filtered Words: 0)
It sounded like a fair enough invitation , [FILTERED] reflected , and [FILTERED] must have thought so too , because on the thirteenth , he met the group of three on the thirty-sixth floor of the U.N. . (Filtered Words: 2)
He's mad at the world '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly the sufferings of Hamlet , Othello , or Phedre engage the fortunes of the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's a lot of waste going on here . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , nursing an aching jaw and a collosal dose of wounded pride , rode out of town with the survivors of the fight . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' A hymn often to be heard in Catholic churches is `` Faith Of Our Fathers '' , which glories in England's ancient faith that endured persecution , and which proclaims : `` Faith of our Fathers : [FILTERED]'s prayers Shall win our country back to thee '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Last , it makes no sense to deliver Katanga , the one reasonably solid territory , into the existing chaos . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , if you want to throw all caution to the winds and rent an Imperial or Cadillac limousine just for you and your bride , you'll have a memorable tour , but it won't be cheap , and it is not recommended unless you own a producing oil well or you've had a winner in the Irish Sweepstakes . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1879 the same [FILTERED] , with [FILTERED] , formed the `` American Telegraph Line '' , extending from Manchester Depot via Factory Point and South Dorset to Dorset . (Filtered Words: 2)
Without the good magazines , without their book reviews , their hospitality to European writers , without above all their awareness of literary standards , we might very well have had a generation of Krim's heroes -- [FILTERED] , Farrells , [FILTERED] , and I might add , [FILTERED] and Frosts and MacLeishes in verse -- and then where would we be ? ? (Filtered Words: 3)
The officers were [FILTERED] , president ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Similarly the sufferings of Hamlet , Othello , or Phedre engage the fortunes of the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the greatest obstacles to the achievement of this goal is the lack of trained men and women with the skill to teach the young and assist in the operation of development projects -- men and women with the capacity to cope with the demands of swiftly evolving economics , and with the dedication to put that capacity to work in the villages , the mountains , the towns and the factories of dozens of struggling nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the international community this reduced law to Jellinek's auto-limitation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boy 34 , like girl 2 , did not have `` same schedule '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But Mary would soon no longer be living there , for she would be notified in a few days that her husband had died in an accident while on a flight to Tahiti . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are ways of jointly participating in significantly symbolized , standardized , and ordered religiously sanctified behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
And put Cate's gun back '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Present conservation practices regard wildlife , not as an expendable natural resource , but as an annual harvest to be sown and also reaped . (Filtered Words: 0)
As soon as that one man is appointed by himself or the others or by a signal from [FILTERED] , we are going to be rushed . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the rear of the auditorium , upstairs , some men tried to push open the door to the box corridor . (Filtered Words: 0)
I read the Tropic of Capricorn and the Tropic of Cancer . (Filtered Words: 0)
One example of this was his assertion that `` all servile revolts must be dealt with by physical force '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There will be a stag dinner Friday evening at the Denver Country Club which will precede the opening of the 1961 golf season . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are the essential force behind the conventions of tragedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Was her name [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
And a very young one , Swan Necklace , tried to emulate them and followed timidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He waved his arm around at the furnishings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Diane sobbingly denied this to the court . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Comedy didn't die , it just went crazy . (Filtered Words: 0)
One must first detect a fleeting mobile or moving target , decide that it is worthy of destruction , select the missile to be fired against the target , compute ballistics for the flight , and prepare the missile for firing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Threaded on a skewer with new boiled potatoes , a bit of green pepper , a fresh white mushroom -- any one of these spiced meats makes a man a cook , and a meal a feast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some hymens are so strongly developed that they cannot be torn without considerable pain to the girl and marked loss of blood . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when the situation was so complicated that even Nogaret , one of the principal actors in the drama , could misinterpret the pope's motives , it is possible that Othon and his companions , equally baffled , attributed their difficulties to a more immediate cause . (Filtered Words: 0)
Opaque cantaloupe and transparent wood brown were used . (Filtered Words: 0)
He settled on the sofa with his coffee , warming his hands on the cup , although the room was heavy with heat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though , taken individually , the big rooms were , or seemed to be , square , the apartment as a whole formed a triangle . (Filtered Words: 0)
This scene is a `` white ballet '' in which a lovelorn hero searches for his departed love's spirit among twenty-eight extraordinarily beautiful `` shadows '' who can all dance like nothing human -- which , of course , is altogether fitting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both grinned at the detective . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Parks Department has done an admirable job of preparing the Wollman Rink for Shakespeare . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' I thought , and wondered what kind of homesteads such odd pioneers would establish in this suburban frontier ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He came home overheated , ran straight to the ice-chest , and gulped shivery cold water . (Filtered Words: 0)
Griffith said , `` That's impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
He remained young at heart , with an overdeveloped sense of humor . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Springfield's in tomorrow '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then , after slowing the vessel considerably , the drive would adjust to a one-gee deceleration . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You could burn down this whole mountainside with a fire that size . (Filtered Words: 0)
The form itself is stored in the next available cells of the W-region , beginning in cell Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The observational data determining the concentration distribution have a range of error which is magnified in the extension into the micrometeorite region . (Filtered Words: 0)
You still have your paper hat and you're wearing it , but then , it is an extraordinary paper hat and , in addition to anything else you may be , you are also the sculptor who created that most peculiar dame out in the back yard . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they are aware of the world outside , they court public approval , they delight in full houses , and they occasionally dare to experiment in interpreting a dramatic classic . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was true that they could be approximated , but would the Ozagenians understand these approximations ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The jury further said in term-end presentments that the City Executive Committee , which had over-all charge of the election , `` deserves the praise and thanks of the City of Atlanta '' for the manner in which the election was conducted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our presidential campaigns provide much debate and argument . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the old fellow , a lifelong teetotaler , refused it , and no more was thought of the matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion without supernaturalism (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
to her , each of her dolls was a real person with a living heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
method of distributing funds (Filtered Words: 0)
The letters which poured forth from camps were usually written under adverse circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
All I ever wanted was to be a free man in my own country . (Filtered Words: 0)
he had to find out . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stays inactive for half the summer in front of [FILTERED] , a quite second-rate spot , begins to besiege it formally only during the autumn rains , and finally carries it by assault in the heart of winter . (Filtered Words: 1)
Further improvements in earnings of the Kansas Turnpike are expected late in 1961 , with the opening of a new bypass at Wichita , and still later when the turnpike gets downtown connections in both Kansas City , Kans. , and Kansas City , Mo. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] , who attends Sweet Briar College in Virginia , will rejoin her father , Dr. [FILTERED] , at the family home in Richmond pl. Wednesday for part of the Carnival festivities . (Filtered Words: 2)
Then the monk praised [FILTERED] saying : `` I have come over to China in order to worship Manjucri , and met unexpectedly with [FILTERED] , and after giving the master some palm leaves he brought from India , went back through the air . (Filtered Words: 2)
It is commendable that a regularly scheduled hour is set aside for an introduction to the contemporary musical scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately , Blakey doesn't choose to work much of the time in this vein . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was more one of allotting a few shares to a number of customers and explaining to others why they had no more to sell . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Byron '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
You realize you are getting in the old fogy class . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm not afraid to tangle with the Republican nominee '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' ( Theresa skipped a page of details about the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm allergic to Tahoe '' , [FILTERED] explained . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fixed installations will always lack the flexibility that should be inherent in naval systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another powerful factor in the European movement was the threat of Soviet aggression . (Filtered Words: 0)
and August 15 , November 15 , February 17 , and May 15 , ( [FILTERED] ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
she got out of the coffee shop before the incident could be repeated . (Filtered Words: 0)
the scene looked like a Christmas card . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 1 ) Below the critical micelle concentration , monomers and some dimers are present . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] could never be satisfied by surface . (Filtered Words: 1)
I've got a quarter of a million Germans in my state , and those krautheads tune in on Father Werther every night , and if he tells them to go out and piss in the public square , that's what they do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Resisting the overwhelming temptation to flng himself out of that bristling death-trap , Tilghman deliberately engaged the nervous rancher in trivial conversation for a good ten minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
We had looked forward to what we hoped to be our first informal meeting with a number of Moscow's artists . (Filtered Words: 0)
It expanded from hand screw machines to automatic screw machines , from simple formed-tooth gear cutting machines to gear hobbing machines and a large contract gear manufacturing business , from rudimentary belt-driven universal milling machines to a broad line of elaborately controlled knee-type and manufacturing type milling machines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like all Russians he was an emotional man , and in him the emotions warred . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even people . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Painting isn't this big , you know . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Pantheon's interior , still in its original form , is truly majestic and an architectural triumph . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They make us conformists look good '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
details on marketing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There were two methods that could have been used for conducting the study within the resources available : ( 1 ) interviews in depth with a few selected companies , and ( 2 ) the more limited interrogation of a large number of companies by means of a mail questionnaire . (Filtered Words: 0)
That got everybody up . (Filtered Words: 0)
That brings its per-year cost down mighty low . (Filtered Words: 0)
the information cell assigned to each text form contains the address of the grammatical description of the form it represents . (Filtered Words: 0)
Physicochemical investigations of anionic surfactants , including the soaps , have shown that there is little polymerization or agglomeration of the chain anions below a certain region of concentration called the critical micelle concentration . (Filtered Words: 0)
sometimes not . (Filtered Words: 0)
As mentioned , the primary allocation objective to be followed in the allocation of stations on clear channels is the provision of widespread service , free from destructive interference . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something had to be done about the furnace , the fuel bills , the washing machine , the doctor and dentist bills , about making money stretch for food , for the mortgage , for taxes , for shoes , for half soles , for overshoes , for clothes , for the new leaks in the roof , for gas and light bills ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm so happy to be here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
new product potential ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Old Man's son threw himself down , belly first , upon a concrete step , taking in the coolness of it , and dreaming of the day he would be rich . (Filtered Words: 0)
he must have slept again . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when the situation was so complicated that even Nogaret , one of the principal actors in the drama , could misinterpret the pope's motives , it is possible that Othon and his companions , equally baffled , attributed their difficulties to a more immediate cause . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had reached the house as [FILTERED] surmised , dismounted , but just as the old trapper opened the door to receive him , he fell into the trapper's arms -- dead . (Filtered Words: 2)
The method used in computing the allotments is specifically set forth in the Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man moved away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally , [FILTERED] had no wish to remain , but she felt she couldn't leave so soon after her arrival , in all politeness to her host . (Filtered Words: 1)
Upon second thought we were forced to realize that we have very few reliable historical benchmarks against which we might compare the present situation , and that conclusions that present-day students are `` more '' or `` less '' religious could not be defended on the basis of our data . (Filtered Words: 0)
In West Virginia the number of white and Negro children attending the same school has increased almost twofold . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 360 degrees of horizon it obscured only a degree , no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
If she has not had such experiences , the female's normal adolescent degree of indecision will be compounded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other sources of information include the National Concrete Masonry Association , 38 South Dearborn Street , Chicago , Ill. , the Portland Cement Association , 33 West Grand Avenue , Chicago , Ill. , and the Structural Clay Products Association , Washington , D.C. . (Filtered Words: 0)
That such deficiencies existed within Ptolemy's theory was not discovered de novo by Copernicus . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] writing the Declaration of Independence amid the catastrophes of revolution ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Failure confirms the threat , and the intensity of anxiety is increased as the required learning becomes more difficult , so that by the time the child reaches the third grade the decrement in performance is pronounced . (Filtered Words: 0)
What had once been a widespread family -- at one time , she knew , there were enough Packards to populate an entire county -- had now narrowed down to the two boys , Abel and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But bitterness had more cause to remain , even increasingly to corrode . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] , what would you say if I smoked a pipe '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
But we have lots of other New Orleans specialties . (Filtered Words: 0)
Caucusing , the liberals decided to go after Colmer , which actually was the more drastic course , since seniority in the House is next to godliness . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine blinked , soon dropping his hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no dream of escape for these people . (Filtered Words: 0)
That ain't too bad 'ceptin' the light company's so busy you can't ever get 'em to do nothin' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mi diapiace , [FILTERED] , ma insomma . (Filtered Words: 1)
In these circumstances the possibility of multiple or conflicting claims is exceedingly remote . (Filtered Words: 0)
Industrial Division personnel worked with 54 out-of-state and 97 Rhode Island concerns during 1960 , many of whom are still interested in a Rhode Island location . (Filtered Words: 0)
Underground concrete shelter (Filtered Words: 0)
Greg took the formation wide around three A-26 attack bombers that were headed north over the Gulf . (Filtered Words: 0)
He half sat up and scratched at the hair on his forehead and then , more vigorously , between his legs . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are no data published in the literature on the shape of low viscosity drops to confirm the above formulas . (Filtered Words: 0)
His horn has blown loud and clear across the land for more years than he cares to remember . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was in his mid-fifties at this time , long past the establishment of his name and the wish to be lionized yet once again , and it was almost a decade since he had sworn off lecturing . (Filtered Words: 0)
I strongly recommend to the Congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexibility to make adjustments in keeping with military necessity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The school has received letters from parents asking , `` What happened to [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
He shivered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where I go , she goes -- and the kids with us . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , [FILTERED] is no `` orthodox '' or Hellenic Platonist , and even his `` romantic '' Platonism can be distinguished from that of his contemporaries . (Filtered Words: 1)
He moistened his lips uneasily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of relatively small sales to many accounts , there are now larger sales to or through fewer accounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
From those navy-blue eyes she saw things as clearly and honestly as David did . (Filtered Words: 0)
I mean our children '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The situation involved some political perils . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prevention is best (Filtered Words: 0)
That any sort of duty was owed by his nation to other nations would have astonished a nineteenth-century statesman . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s center-fire 1961 rifles are all made with Sako actions , regardless of caliber . (Filtered Words: 1)
Second , we will see how Sidney answered the charges , for while Sidney's essay was not specifically a reply to [FILTERED] , his arguments do support the new theater . (Filtered Words: 1)
Don't fail to shorten cooking time by the use of aluminum foil cut slightly larger than the surface of steaks and chops . (Filtered Words: 0)
Said the whining voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` West Berlin '' crisis is really an East Berlin crisis . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's after eleven '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cotton processing equipment is a sizable segment of Dallas business economy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where are you , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Such were the qualities of the Acting-President of the [FILTERED] after the death of Miss [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
It is not between Euripides and [FILTERED] that the western mind turns away from the ancient tragic sense of life . (Filtered Words: 1)
They indicated that a 4-day retention , aerated lagoon would give 60 to 76 per cent BOD reduction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here was a perfect place to lie down and make believe . (Filtered Words: 0)
She went on : (Filtered Words: 0)
One of those delightful surprise additions , which so frequently occur in jazz programs , was an excellent stint at the drums by the great [FILTERED] , drumming to `` Old Man River '' , which seems to have been elected the favorite solo for the boys on the batterie at this year's concerts . (Filtered Words: 1)
Several effects were immediately evident . (Filtered Words: 0)
The land , too , is changing , and earthquakes are daily reminders of this . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is less than the length of a jet runway -- well within the circle of destruction . (Filtered Words: 0)
I went to an afternoon service at the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Af , the maximization being over all admissible Af and the integration over the whole of stage space . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concept remains subjective . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third time rather urgently . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had a one-room studio which overlooked an ancient courtyard filled with flowers and plants , blooming everlastingly in the southern sun . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) all hydrogen atoms lie on a sheet , but the sheet is closer to one oxygen sheet than to the other ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The percentage of Jewish girls who attend college is almost as high as that of boys . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the Sandburg goat herd increased , she also designed the barn alterations to accommodate them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everywhere he went in town , people sidled up , gave him the guttural bit or broke into a frightening Tarzan yodel . (Filtered Words: 0)
until used they were stored for as long as 2 weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
The presence of genuine mimesis in art is marked by the persistence with which the work demands attention and compels valuation even though it is but vaguely understood . (Filtered Words: 0)
We heard him before he ever showed , and we heard him yelling after he was out of sight . (Filtered Words: 0)
The police were no longer there . (Filtered Words: 0)
You see , besides being custodian of antiquities , I am also registrar . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the artist would study his work more thoroughly and move certain units in his design , often only slightly , finer pictures would result . (Filtered Words: 0)
We should do what we can to discourage this conclusion , both by offering assistance for their domestic needs and by reacting firmly to irresponsible actions on the world scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remove jar from mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Honest , kitten , that's all it is -- I don't even like Lucille much '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
California has accepted the provisions of that [FILTERED] ( as have all other States ) by enacting into our Code ( Section 2051 ) a provision that (Filtered Words: 1)
At once the whole band set off at a lope . (Filtered Words: 0)
his eyes were black and deep-set , and expressionless . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too high . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See page 100 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He dumped it into the back and made sure it wouldn't roll out , then returned to the porch and closed the front door , making sure it was unlocked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Efforts were made to take the grab samples at random periods so that the mass of data could be treated as a 6-hr. composite sample . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he knew in that moment , with a cold sinking of despair , a dying of old hopes , that [FILTERED] had spread some kind of word there among the neighbors . (Filtered Words: 1)
I won't '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
A lantern hung from a peg , giving light . (Filtered Words: 0)
I supported Cleveland three times and [FILTERED] twice . (Filtered Words: 1)
Before appealing to the U.N. or to Russia , he first appealed to the U.S. for military help , and was rejected . (Filtered Words: 0)
A verdict against Pohl came at 4:05 p.m. after almost 13-1/2 hours of deliberation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Special time off (Filtered Words: 0)
This time he delayed so long that some of the engages shouted frantically , but they held their fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parents will drive on Friday night to pick up their daughters after a sorority or House Plan meeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Figure 2 , the points in the network are designated by a letter accompanied by a number . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't believe them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Methyl polysiloxanes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The largest hurdle the Republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race , one of two alternative courses must be taken : 1 (Filtered Words: 0)
We marvel at their blindness for not seeing this . (Filtered Words: 0)
Precise pressure-volume-temperature measurements on corrosive gases are dependent on a sensitive yet rugged pressure transducer . (Filtered Words: 0)
the USGA Open in Birmingham from June 15-17 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The first speaker was [FILTERED] who had been unanimously chosen president of the meeting . (Filtered Words: 1)
He hadn't shown up too well in their eyes , letting himself be browbeaten by a woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I meant that you have a nice singing voice dear '' , the lady amended . (Filtered Words: 0)
From L'Turu , I heard that until about 1850 the people of this island -- which was about the size of Guam or smaller -- had been of both sexes , and that the normal family life of Melanesian tribes was observed here with minor variations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , however , this turns out to be only part of the picture . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have no card '' , she said bitterly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cattle would drift day and night in a blizzard till it was over . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many belly dancers are married , but [FILTERED] is one of the few who will admit it . (Filtered Words: 1)
If there were only the mess , all would be clear ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
cottonmouth ( Ancistrodon ) , two years . (Filtered Words: 0)
he tossed a paper toward every front door , and housewives came down to their steps to pick them up and read what their neighbors had been doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the second voyage , he had turned back at the frozen island of [FILTERED] and meekly given the crew a certificate stating that he did so of his own free will -- which was obviously not the case . (Filtered Words: 1)
Simple hole drilling operations (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] Jr. will be best man . (Filtered Words: 1)
If they'd been working on a bottle or a jug he'd have taken it with him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , first I thoughtfully study my sketch for improvement of color and design along the lines I have described . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again the homely , everyday details of daily living refuted a vicious attempt to frighten her -- or to murder her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Keep the direct sun from reaching the house and you've won the first battle . (Filtered Words: 0)
What if it came when he was playing , or was asleep and dreaming ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The great world beyond beckons . (Filtered Words: 0)
They come prepared for family fun because Americans in ever-growing numbers are learning that here is the way to a fine economical vacation that becomes a family experience of lasting importance . (Filtered Words: 0)
the last one had been a Lilliputian war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be friends with your mother-in-law . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this carefree sentence he summed up the essence of the prevailin' custom of buyin' by book count , and created a sayin' which has survived through the years . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As soon as it started to form , Gannon spotted it '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
The car was waiting for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Precise pressure-volume-temperature measurements on corrosive gases are dependent on a sensitive yet rugged pressure transducer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She wants you and [FILTERED] to have dinner with her tomorrow night '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
They visited the shipyards at Brest and [FILTERED] had to sign the register , vouching for the integrity of the visiting foreigner . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1951 the pool's operation was transferred to the newly-created Department of Administration , an agency established as the central staff and auxiliary department of the state government . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the above issue is settled by requiring public education for all citizens , Issue No. 6 may be moot . (Filtered Words: 0)
The forest took on an impersonal aspect . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll try . (Filtered Words: 0)
He earnestly urged a cease-fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Long before 1815 the Christian conscience was leading some to declare slavery wrong and to act accordingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
and whether these would qualify them for `` congenial '' , `` happy '' relations to other people in certain community areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought again of her children , those two who had died young , before the later science which might have saved them could attach even a label to their separate malignancies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Martin , who has been in office in Washington , D. C. , for 13 months spoke at the council's annual meeting at the Multnomah Hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , the money dispensed by State goes not to the farmer , the laborer , or the businessman , but to foreigners . (Filtered Words: 0)
We want the past forgiven , but at the same time we must be willing for God to direct the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , he owns 300 slaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could do that when he would be a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED]'s reply was always the same : `` Anything that affects souls is the concern of the Church ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
He looked at where [FILTERED] lay sprawled on the step . (Filtered Words: 1)
He dropped the knife in its scabbard , hung the rifle behind a shoulder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost immediately they began to sizzle . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Virdon has been blasting the ball . (Filtered Words: 0)
In contrast to the nuclear changes described above , another change in muscle nuclei was seen , usually occurring in fibers that were somewhat smaller than normal but that showed distinct cross-striations and myofibrillae . (Filtered Words: 0)
They will have a greater appreciation for the Church and a deeper devotion to it if membership requires something of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is an absurdity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Squeezing a look between [FILTERED]'s fat jowls and the car frame a handsome and still darkhaired lady inquired `` Y'all drahve '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] still had his arm raised towards the wings . (Filtered Words: 1)
What's happened '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
America possesses an enormous defense power . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blood gushed from his nose , and he backed off as rapidly as he could , stumbling over his own feet in his frantic haste to get away from [FILTERED]'s fists . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the east side of the island of Manhattan the indifferent hawk knew the East River that connected New York Bay with Long Island Sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some members of the organization called attention also to the article on hymns of inspiration , the Daily Prayer and Three Minutes A Day , as being very helpful . (Filtered Words: 0)
The changes , unanimously adopted , were felt necessary in the face of modern trends away from the Bible . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the size of the ocean shows us the magnitude of the destructive power we hold in our hands today . (Filtered Words: 0)
I do not mean to imply that Christians have adopted the liberal assumption , so prevalent in Hinduism , that all religions are merely different paths to the same summit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most skilled industrial workers , nevertheless , still acquire their skills outside of formal training institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be that in this comment he has broken from the conventional pattern more violently than in any other regard , for the treatment in his books is far removed from even the genial irony of [FILTERED] , who was the only important novelist before him to challenge the conventional picture of planter society . (Filtered Words: 1)
The average volatile suspended solids in the effluent was 75 mg/l while MLSS averaged 170 mg/l volatile suspended solids . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drunk on sake , he must have wandered off from his bivouac . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one could be more devoted than he to the American Congress as an institution and more aware of its historical significance in the political history of the world , and I shall never forget his moving talks , delivered in simple yet eloquent words , upon the meaning of our jobs as Representatives in the operation of representative government and their importance in the context of today's assault upon popular government . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Will you do it , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The rest of us can fort up in the house and hang on until you get back . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll write what you tell me to '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
But remember this -- it isn't the aircraft which is vulnerable to nuclear rockets , it is the airfield . (Filtered Words: 0)
The slippage of the drive belts caused the aerator to slow down and reduce oxygen transfer as well as the mixing of the raw sewage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider what happened during World War 1 , , when the Protestant churches united to push the Prohibition law through Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They won't talk about who gave the information . (Filtered Words: 0)
For almost 3,000 years Europe and Asia have rubbed shoulders in its streets . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get up , Crouch . (Filtered Words: 0)
the readiness to sacrifice for worthwhile causes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wanna drink '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] was rejected again `` on the basis of his record and interview '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Two tax revision bills were passed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
nearby , another sits motionless , while still another is twirling an umbrella . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is being done so that Georgia Tech can complete the final phase of a traffic survey on the North Expressway . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frequently he must work long hours in the hot sun or cold rain . (Filtered Words: 0)
He came to Fleischmanns directly from the boat that brought him to America from Russia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similar payroll tax boosts would be imposed on those under the railroad retirement system . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're not living up to your own principles '' , she told my discouraged people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taking alienation as a dependent variable , with what socio-structural factors is it most highly associated ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm a mess '' , she said , and suddenly she was alarmed . (Filtered Words: 0)
These two , Heritage and Drexel , chose too not to produce the exactly matching design for every piece , but a collection of correlated designs , each of which could stand alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet although the Kennedy Administration , and the Eisenhower Administration before it , have both declared themselves solidly for repeal of the Connally amendment , as contrary to our best interests , no action has yet been taken . (Filtered Words: 0)
and used gradations of color value as well as sharply contrasting elementary colors . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am worried about the current meanings of the word funny . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kidnaper spurns ransom ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's only that I like to know where you go '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tooling through Sydney on his way to race in the New Zealand Grand Prix , Britain's balding Ace Driver Stirling Moss , 31 , all but smothered himself in his own exhaust of self-crimination . (Filtered Words: 0)
On January 28 , 1835 , [FILTERED] removed [FILTERED] from office and elevated Territorial Secretary [FILTERED] to the position . (Filtered Words: 3)
[FILTERED] slapped his hand across the switches that turned on the guns and gun camera and gun sight . (Filtered Words: 1)
How large a cooling unit you need , and the method of its installation , depends on a variety of factors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The markets are far too subtle , and the last word in these endeavors will doubtless never be written , for the enchanting index is about as nebulous as the fountain of youth . (Filtered Words: 0)
My cousin Alma , at whose home I was staying during the convention , introduced me to a group of young people from Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some telephoned because he had done them a favor in the past . (Filtered Words: 0)
Capitalism rots from the core . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Pat , get out of that creek ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It was payday for Highlands , and he was packing a lot of money back into the oil fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
To do so , he finds it necessary to examine the relevant parts of the phonology thoroughly and in detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
That day they loafed around , just getting the feel of the city . (Filtered Words: 0)
second chance (Filtered Words: 0)
And what leadership a proud [FILTERED] has given so far . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] and his disciples had reduced history to a profession of dullness ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Calhoun dealt with this question in his `` Disquisition On Government '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
An idea , of the sort that we have in mind , although of necessity readily available to imagination , is more general in connotation than most poetic or literary images , especially those appearing in lyric poems that seek to capture a moment of personal experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
His metier was the American tropics , and he had lived all over Latin America and among the primitive tribes on the Amazon river . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) How can we be sure that his sense of touch was not profoundly disturbed by his head injury ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
All too often our language is unduly harsh . (Filtered Words: 0)
I myself hear it said constantly -- in drawing-rooms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sheeting cast from this material reportedly weighs only one-third as much as glass , is impervious to all kinds of weather , and will not yellow . (Filtered Words: 0)
I thought you hadn't come in yet '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One matter of concern to the complete effectiveness of pool operations is the lack of adequate central garage facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
As if in a trance , she repeats his words -- then realizes , with a shock , her own audacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
All the young men , [FILTERED] among them , challenged them in matched racing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Governor [FILTERED] wrote : `` (Filtered Words: 1)
in one thing I know it will usually be on the predicator know . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] Bonanza room has a real bonanza in its new attraction , the versatile `` Kings 4 , Plus Two '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Otherwise , the outlook could be dark indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A red-tailed hawk flew in behind them and stayed there , watching for any snakes or rabbits that they might stir up from the side of the road . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw only dimly moving figures , but when he slashed them they yelled and fled . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well I object . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once in a while they said what a shame it was , with [FILTERED] dying , but they all agreed she wouldn't have wanted it any other way . (Filtered Words: 1)
I no longer knew how deep I was , somewhere under 230 feet , getting drunker , happier and more contented by the second . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any event , the extraordinary result of this injury was that he became `` psychically blind '' , while at the same time , apparently , the sense of touch remained essentially intact . (Filtered Words: 0)
The advantages of dilatation by the physician are both physical and psychological . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have a tremendous amount of talent -- but we lack cohesion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was all my fault . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeks `` improved fielding '' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll be damned '' , Ekstrohm said . (Filtered Words: 0)
To give a patient the wrong type of blood , said the doctor , would likely kill him . (Filtered Words: 0)
His normal specialty is playing the good-natured old man , frequently stupid or deluded but never mean or sly . (Filtered Words: 0)
We'd be in real trouble then . (Filtered Words: 0)
From here on in , the less [FILTERED] and I were seen together in public , or visited one another's rooms , the better . (Filtered Words: 1)
Another put sex on a dollars-and-cents basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fired to cone 06-05 . (Filtered Words: 0)
that made it doubtful as the hiding place of a man whose plans had to be made in advance . (Filtered Words: 0)
There might have been a fence or a house just over the next rise ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Both are good bunters : [FILTERED] once beat out eighteen of nineteen in the minor leagues ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Look at them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That wasn't nothing at all '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , I might not get that far '' , I told them , `` as actually I have no papers to enter Germany and , as a matter of fact , no permit to return to France once I leave '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reason for this bears explaining for those who may wonder why State spends so much of its diplomatic energy on Congress when the Russians are so available . (Filtered Words: 0)
During World War 2 , , doctors in The Netherlands and Scandinavia noted a curious fact : despite the stresses of Nazi occupation , the death rate from coronary artery disease was slowly dropping . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Many hours are given free by the Jaycees to make this and all local pageants outstanding events . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , a child's Skeletal Age `` dots '' may be classified as `` advanced '' when they appear above the middle curve , `` moderate '' when they appear immediately above or below the middle curve , and `` delayed '' when they appear below the lower curve . (Filtered Words: 0)
We must be ready for any needed sacrifice '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If his on-the-job problems work out , he may return to his old pattern . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adult education courses , work-study programs of various sorts -- these are all evidence of a continuing interest of the schools in furthering educational opportunities for out-of-school youth . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This is my hen ledger '' , he informed him in an absorbed way . (Filtered Words: 0)
This contradicts the preceding observations , and so , under the assumption of this paper , we must reject the possibility that **zg is a Af curve on a quadric surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , some of the credit for the sale boost must be given to improvement in the weather and to the fact that [FILTERED] comes more than two weeks earlier than in 1960 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Price competition is lacking . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the dormitory gapt when I went to college and thought I was getting away from him . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are the centuries in which the inhabitants of the Aegean world settled firmly into their minds and into their institutions the foundations of the Hellenic outlook , independent of outside forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Giffen decided to charge him interest on the loan from [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] readily assented , vowing that in a matter of dollars and cents , his brothers would never have any cause to complain of him . (Filtered Words: 2)
Brooks Adams was consistent in his admonishments to historians about the necessary tools or insights they needed to possess . (Filtered Words: 0)
After another two weeks , the first young emerge , four to eight small daughters that begin to play the role of worker bees , collecting pollen and nectar in the field and caring for the new young generation while the queen retires to a life of egg laying . (Filtered Words: 0)
Treat them right and they'll make a showing every month in the year except the frigid ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
He mumbled at her but let himself be led off inside the house , shuffling mightily to make it clear how weak and aged he was and how he was buffeted about by those who still had their wicked strength . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jubal couldn't reconstruct the crime from the way the girls behaved because patterns kept shifting -- ABC vs D , then BCD vs A or AB vs CD , or AD vs CB , through all ways that four women can gang up on each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite their efforts , the problems seemed to grow graver all the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
It now means ominous , as when one speaks of a funny sound in the motor ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Somehow , all the other passengers ( also supposed to have died in this web of elaborate frauds to cover up the disappearance of the personnel of the Gabriel ) had simultaneously `` agreed '' to die . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe , therefore , that we are without exception sinners , by nature alienated from God , and that Jesus Christ , the Son of God , came to earth , the representative Head of a new race , to die upon the cross and pay the penalty of the sin of the world , and that he who thus receives Christ as his personal [FILTERED] is `` born again '' spiritually , with new privileges , appetites , and affections , destined to live and grow in His likeness forever . (Filtered Words: 1)
He gives credit for the promotion to his new outlook on life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over the weeks , America's first Star Route Air Mail settled into a routine pattern despite the vagaries of weather and the lack of ground facilities and aids to navigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't bother to look any further . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is married and the father of three children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , stated Day , `` He always omits facts which tend to disprove his hypothesis '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every First Family seems to have one couple upon whom it relies for true friendship . (Filtered Words: 0)
That failed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would he have to clean up after her every day , clean the kitchen , the bathroom , and get down on his knees and scrub the kitchen floor , then hang up her dresses , pick up her stockings , make the bed while she lay around ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
I told Moore I was going to eat , get some forms filled out by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Only uninterrupted sequences of the former are eligible for formation of crystallites . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
You remember the words of President [FILTERED] a week or so ago , when someone asked him when he was in Canada , and [FILTERED] was in Europe , and Vice President [FILTERED] was in Asia , `` Who is running the store '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 3)
Facing a prosecution which has demanded the death penalty , he said : ' I have participated in the war against Communism in Korea and at Dienbienphu , and I have helped in the evacuation of North Vietnamese to the free world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hearst took a brief respite to hurry home to New York to become a father . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not recognize it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Martin guessed that Dolores would not be so eager to tell the next installment of her story . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] picked up the telephone ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
This may be true whether the farm is owned or rented . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a single stage we may define Af where the maximization is by choice of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Government attorneys , [FILTERED] said , have questioned him closely about `` five or six loans '' totaling about $40,000 which the liquor company made to [FILTERED] in the last year . (Filtered Words: 2)
The birth of the myth compensates for the death of the ideal . (Filtered Words: 0)
You shouldn't be up , should you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She had a funny little scar on her stomach , on the left side . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the past such government claims have been found exaggerated . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] was involved in the fraud or the murder , then he too had another identity . (Filtered Words: 1)
And Zen Buddhism , though it is extremely difficult to understand how these internal contradictions are reconciled , helps them in their struggle to achieve personal salvation through sexual release . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then it is a matter of pleasure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now don't tell me what a good ball player you are . (Filtered Words: 0)
The soft snow was deceitful underfoot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here may be found regular and impact styrene , cellulose acetate , cellulose butyrate and cellulose propionate , acrylic , vinyl , expandable styrene foam , and polyethylene . (Filtered Words: 0)
They looked so formidable , however , so demanding , that I found myself staring at them in dismay and starting to woolgather again , this time about Francesca and her husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
For , unlike the Sioux and the [FILTERED] , the Aricaras are not great horsemen , nor are they aggressive like the savage Blackfeet . (Filtered Words: 1)
Tomorrow [FILTERED] opens officially . (Filtered Words: 1)
It recommends that the United States `` seek instead to detach the [FILTERED] regime from the Communist bloc by working for a diplomatic detente and a resumption of trade relations ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
We lived for a while in a movie melodrama with a German cook and her son who turned out to be Nazis . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 ) Every age rewrites the events of its history in terms of what should have been , creating legends about itself that rationalize contemporary beliefs and excuse contemporary actions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of those vaguely-imagined new , different people . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's a fact , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The ordinary man and woman , however , saw little of the great professional games of those Golden Days , or of any other sporting event for that matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
So what I am trying to tell you is the ' why ' -- that is my point -- and that concerns the spirit of the matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any other man this reassurance to the electorate would have caused us a profound moral shock . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we have five problems whose solution we seek in relatively united fashion , then there are twice as many issues which , I judge , sharply divide us , intergroup relations practitioners and lay people . (Filtered Words: 0)
In that ownership of all vehicles rests with the state motor pool , cars are paid for with funds appropriated to the agencies but transferred to the rotary fund mentioned earlier . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s hands throughout the novel serve to travesty greed and hypocritical self-aggrandizement . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] turned away and opened his locker , and then he heard [FILTERED] say : `` You're yellow , Rossoff '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 2)
Once again what has happened is an all-consuming confabulation of the incidentals , the accidents of painting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Secondly , the VA physician knows that when the patient leaves the hospital , he is no longer going to have a chance to visit his patient . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not stealing , Pa . (Filtered Words: 0)
Economic integration ceases when the social and economic statuses in an area become too mixed or conflict with the status of the congregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had known when he first helped her to meet the right people and work with them that she did not intend to marry him . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) more reliable evaluation of the potential of initial outbreaks to cause widespread damage ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
others unknown . (Filtered Words: 0)
And no wonder , for [FILTERED] , the old City of Sandalwood , had become the City of Bullet Holes . (Filtered Words: 1)
He rose late and went down in his bathrobe and slippers to have breakfast either alone or with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
that its presentation in this country is part of a capitalist plot to boobify the American people ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Twenty thousand world citizens at Stuttgart had signed a petition inviting me to visit their town . (Filtered Words: 0)
Black strips of skin hung from it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You haven't dressed for the occasion '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He made a sound of despair deep in his throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had taught classes in botany , astronomy ( with the aid of a telescope ) , geometry , and psychology . (Filtered Words: 0)
A crowd of 1,400 is expected for the ceremonies , which will be followed by the show in which the writers will lampoon baseball personalities in skit , dance and song . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's still such a thing as mental illness . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You have visited England five times in the past quarter-century , I believe '' , my host said . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the midst of it all , Mr. [FILTERED] came out on the Pod porch , alone . (Filtered Words: 1)
The achievement of the desegregation of certain lunch counters not only by wise action by local community leaders but by voluntary action following consultation between Attorney General [FILTERED] and the heads of certain national chain stores should , of course , be applauded . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is definitely some ligament damage in his knee '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If cell Af has not previously been assigned as the information cell of a form in the text-form list , it is now assigned as the information cell of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Called out Means as she ran . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great absorbency of this tissue and the fact that it is easier to control than a sponge makes it an ideal tool for the watercolorist . (Filtered Words: 0)
His fatigues made a streak of almost phosphorescent green in the mist . (Filtered Words: 0)
That a writer who is gay cannot be serious is a common professional illusion , sedulously fostered by all too many academics who mistakenly believe that their frivolous efforts should be taken seriously because they are expressed with that dreary solemnity which is the only mode of expression their authors are capable of . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the metal shutters closed , the dining room was so dark that it seemed still night in there . (Filtered Words: 0)
A monstrous shadow fell across the illuminated wall , distorted and indefinable . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I aim to have it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
De Revolutionibus is not just a collection of facts and techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
The burden of his secret was pressing down on him , as it was on Lieutenant Beckstrom and his six enlisted men . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then off again , rushing to keep up . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was shorter and fatter than [FILTERED] , who felt good standing next to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Oh , yes '' , I said , feeling annoyed , `` she was very pretty . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know '' , [FILTERED] said dejectedly . (Filtered Words: 1)
To extract the optimal R-stage policy with respect to the feed state Af , we enter section R of this table at the state Af and find immediately from the last column the maximum value of the objective function . (Filtered Words: 0)
For roasts , insert meat thermometer diagonally so it does not rest on bone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lastly , governmental and private planners will at this stage begin to see large capital requirements looming ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
It can be seen that the force is characteristic of the removal process and changes abruptly from cutting to cracking to peeling removal . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tight wagon meant so much . (Filtered Words: 0)
Myra had no intention whatever of sending for [FILTERED] in two weeks . (Filtered Words: 1)
The reason and the day of `` grandfather clauses '' has long since passed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was cold all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thin man waved the gun again . (Filtered Words: 0)
The story reflects the way too many people feel . (Filtered Words: 0)
It did seem impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
With this seven-word sentence -- though the speaker undoubtedly thought he was dealing only with the subject of food -- he was telling things about himself and , in the last two examples , revealing that he had departed from the customs of his culture . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the reference to race was stricken by the association in 1950 , being an agent of such `` detrimental '' influences still appears as the cardinal sin realtors see themselves committed to avoid . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Hell , yes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And don't either of you forget that I'm not any man's property . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , if [FILTERED]'s newest product , a corn chip known as Chip-o's , turns out to sell as well as its stock did , the stock may turn out to be worth every cent of the prices that the avid buyers bid it up to . (Filtered Words: 1)
When he regained consciousness he was in Lord's house , in the office of Doctor Lord , the deputy's deceased father . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a Saturday evening in April with a mist-like rain , and I was a little high on the good taste of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it was followed by a second , whining even closer , Cobb swerved sharply aside into a depression . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hanging on and on past any man's patience some final stab of conclusion ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But Mr. [FILTERED] had become convinced that a personal confrontation with Mr. [FILTERED] might be the only way to prevent catastrophe . (Filtered Words: 2)
Mrs. [FILTERED] of Manzanola is spending several days in her Sherman Plaza apartment . (Filtered Words: 1)
your livelihood . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have a hunch Marv Breeding might move up a notch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many potters clung to the past the more determinedly as they were confronted with radically new ideas ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But if there is no line , how can there be two countries ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There was really no place to go , finally , except home to Mae . (Filtered Words: 0)
The New England conscience became desensitized . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] smiled at [FILTERED] pleasantly and said , `` There was a cab waiting for me here . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had come . (Filtered Words: 2)
Ten minutes early . (Filtered Words: 0)
The climate and the events of the last decade , and the steady pressure of the `` cold '' war , have given Americans yet another means of avoiding self-examination , and so it has been decided that the riots were `` Communist '' inspired . (Filtered Words: 0)
There will of course be times for delay and inaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was a solitary student in New York and acquired , in his remoteness , a thorough if bookish knowledge of Asian lore , literature , life , politics and history . (Filtered Words: 1)
( Or , perhaps , especially in an Angel , whose assumptions had mostly been fixed millions of years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
In short , he is constantly concerned with the ethical effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
With these completed and ice gone from the St. Peter's River ( present-day Minnesota river ) their 250 bushels of wheat , 100 bushels of oats and barley and 30 bushels of peas and some chickens were loaded onto the flat-bottomed boats and rowed up the river to Big Stone Lake , across into Lake Traverse , and down the Red . (Filtered Words: 0)
They attributed everything that went wrong in Russia to German influence and intrigue . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Injury and ingratitude would occur . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in this one section we welcomed auditors . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , they , or it , seemed to have no legs whatever . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of a total of 603 calls , 452 contacts were established with top executive personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was taller than Aggie . (Filtered Words: 0)
Emory University's Board of Trustees announced Friday that it was prepared to accept students of any race as soon as the state's tax laws made such a step possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she was . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently he never took the trouble to find out . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a brief chapter dealing with `` Various Other Diagnoses '' , he quotes isolated passages from some writers whose views seem to corroborate his own , and finds it `` most remarkable that a critical view of twentieth-century society was already held by a number of thinkers living in the nineteenth . (Filtered Words: 0)
They order the manifold levels of reality and moral value along an axis of being which extends from brute matter to the immaculate stars . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he is in the middle , an employe of DeKalb , but on the side of the people . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See Source of Data , below for per capita income data to be used in this step . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside St. Sophia I walked through the flower garden in front of it , with the Blue Mosque ahead on my left . (Filtered Words: 0)
the oracle speaks false and the dream speaks true . (Filtered Words: 0)
teetering , half-mincing walk . (Filtered Words: 0)
As if in a trance , she repeats his words -- then realizes , with a shock , her own audacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were able to experience at first , in terms of past conventionality . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tale of a massive reservation in the Uplands to hold several million Jews A tale of a plan to ship all Jews to the island of Madagascar Stories of the depravity of the guards at Globocnik's camps struck a chord of terror at the mere mention of their names . (Filtered Words: 0)
But from Rocco Vecchio , they heard nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 St. Peter 18 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can't guarantee you a sympathetic audience '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Numerous cooperating individuals in Great Britain , Holland , the United States , and Belgium have contributed editorially or by making calculations . (Filtered Words: 0)
I once tried to describe to a very well-known American intellectual the conditions among Negroes in the South . (Filtered Words: 0)
And how many of these were sons ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This was her first day in Rome and it was June . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had learned , both of them , about [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a rugged finish for what must have been a very interesting night . (Filtered Words: 0)
In veiled terms , that's what the Kennedy Administration is saying to the American textile industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was my desire to advise the membership of the Legion that the majority of polling places are on private property and , without an amendment to the law , we could not enforce this . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anaconda : (Filtered Words: 0)
the pattern of the Oriental rug , the delicate cut-glass chandelier . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] is a great man -- one who will go down in American history as a truly great leader of the Nation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Where the hell did he get off threatening to report any laxness on their part to the captain ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Make it as snappy as you can , will you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Eventually the bubbles became lost in the sparkle of the ocean surface , and he rolled over on his back . (Filtered Words: 0)
With few exceptions , the major denominations are rapidly losing their hold on the central city . (Filtered Words: 0)
He snapped . (Filtered Words: 0)
He respected each of these approach techniques , and kept them in character : his quill drawings had a scratchiness , suggesting skin texture ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The National Association of Broadcasters code specifically bars hard-liquor commercials . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wouldn't have the strength to answer , he thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Harvey Haddix , set back by the flu this season , will start against his former Cardinal mates , who might be playing without captain [FILTERED] in tonight's game at Busch Stadium . (Filtered Words: 1)
They , too , have links with the city's ills . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President recommended federal `` matching grants '' totaling 700 million dollars in 10 years for constructing new medical and dental schools or enlarging the capacity of existing ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was another of those men who simply don't understand women . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nothing unless (Filtered Words: 0)
The Old Man's son threw himself down , belly first , upon a concrete step , taking in the coolness of it , and dreaming of the day he would be rich . (Filtered Words: 0)
The logical scheme used to accomplish the former influences the placement of information in the dictionary file . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or against her back , pressed on the column of vertebrae , which held her so magnificently straight and unyielding , until the segments of bone made tiny sharp cracking noises , like the snapped stem of a tulip . (Filtered Words: 0)
The weight of fame and history is formidable , and dreary steel engravings in schoolbooks do little to quicken interest and imagination . (Filtered Words: 0)
A reporter restricted to the competing propaganda statements of both sides in a major labor dispute , for instance , is unable to tell his readers half of what he knows about the causes of the dispute . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rare , indeed , is the Harlem citizen , from the most circumspect church member to the most shiftless adolescent , who does not have a long tale to tell of police incompetence , injustice , or brutality . (Filtered Words: 0)
In an important assertion of national leadership in this field , he has issued an executive order establishing the President's committee on [FILTERED] and Crime , to be supported and assisted by a Citizens Advisory Council of recognized authorities on juvenile problems . (Filtered Words: 1)
A big car was approaching , its chrome teeth grinning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Day after day [FILTERED] shuttled back and forth on his one-man air mail route , until the farmers in their snowy barnyards and the road repairmen came to recognize the stubby plane as their link with the rest of the country . (Filtered Words: 1)
we do not even need to commit ourselves to assessing on the same inconceivable scale the relative importance of the medieval , the Renaissance , and the modern . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suspecting an ambush , the two deputies decided to ride up a side canyon taking a short cut into Catskill . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gave Doc the whole range of the naval establishment , and suited him quite well . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hit him once on the sharp point of his chin and felt the body go limp . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to the regular schedule , advertisements were run for maximum impact in special editions of the New York Times , Boston Herald , American Banker , Electronic News and , for local promotion , the Providence Sunday Journal . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could , he thought , take a long walk -- but where ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It's really quite fun -- as long as you like games . (Filtered Words: 0)
At birth , this species varies considerably in size . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first mention of an electric plant in Manchester seems to be one installed in [FILTERED] and [FILTERED]'s gristmill on the West Branch in Factory Point . (Filtered Words: 2)
His soldiers on the whole did not celebrate so mildly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The preliminaries ended with the publication of Steele's Crisis on January 19 , and from that point on the fight proceeded at a rapid pace . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 50% of capital gains . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The trouble is , Theresa thought , that while everything that happens there is supposed to matter supremely , nothing here is supposed even to exist . (Filtered Words: 0)
But now what crazy twists and turns of his emotions ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Juras said he insisted Field be continued on a consultant basis only and be answerable directly to the administrator of the agency and not to other agencies of the government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clumps of brush that they passed were so many enchained demons straining in anger to tear and gnaw on his bones . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the member of an industrial union comes to regard his officers as business agents who may proceed without interference or recall ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I was having lunch not long ago ( apologies to [FILTERED] ) with three distinguished historians ( one specializing in the European Middle Ages , one in American history , and one in the Far East ) , and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with `` deliberate speed , majestic instancy '' ( [FILTERED] words for the Hound Of Heaven's Pursuit ) by judicial fiat . (Filtered Words: 2)
Their consequences are irrelevant -- or there are no consequences at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who's there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't see ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Feedback of the energy transferred to the anode by applying gas transpiration through the anode . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , they took special pains to preserve their papers as essential sources for posterity . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is therefore nothing about them to which an attitude of approval or condemnation could be fitting . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] made trip after trip in our old car , moving the clothes and dishes and the stock of groceries Nadine had bought on special . (Filtered Words: 1)
Analysis (Filtered Words: 0)
I used his polarity to illustrate what I thought had happened to us in that form of liberalism we call Progressivism . (Filtered Words: 0)
that they perceive new internal and environmental situations as `` threatening '' until they are tested and proved otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aside from a quaint concern with witches and devils which provides the immediate problem in the opening scene , it is a quite normal community . (Filtered Words: 0)
to spot these giveaways the therapist must know either intuitively or scientifically how to listen . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was nice to be able to isolate it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experimental (Filtered Words: 0)
And when [FILTERED] returns to Europe , this first result of his encounters with mankind is considerably enriched and deepened by a crucial revelation . (Filtered Words: 1)
One of the missing handspikes came out of its hiding place after [FILTERED] had been insolently disobeyed by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Efficiency was enforced and nothing was left to chance . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is an ethical demand which cannot be evaded or glossed over by talking exclusively of weapon superiority or even of the evil of Communism . (Filtered Words: 0)
And that was why , on the day of the performance , when a carriage from the royal stables called to take him to the palace , he did not bother to shave . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reaction is rooted in a perception of tradition as a whole . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not terror , but anger and resentment have been the general reaction outside the Soviet sphere . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am certainly not adequately trained to describe or enlarge on human fears , but there are certain features of the fears dispelled by scientific explanations that stand out quite clearly . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is simply an opinion formed in defiance of the laws of human probability , whether or not it is later confirmed , has become by September of the election year `` a firm conviction '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there has always been an outdoor air to Dartmouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apples come from a farm in Vermont where they are not sprayed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy lifted the girl by the waist and set her on the lip of the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
As construction progresses , the volume of storm drainage will be sharply reduced . (Filtered Words: 0)
There will be a comprehensive index in Volume 3 , covering all three volumes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pels also sent a check for $100 to [FILTERED]'s widow and had a white marble monument erected on his grave . (Filtered Words: 1)
Confronted by a grim future , [FILTERED] lost his nerve and plumped for a drastic liquidation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gradually watercolor claimed his greater affection until today it has become his major , if not exclusive , technique . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the greater part of [FILTERED]'s career he enjoyed the close collaboration of a fellow Virginian , [FILTERED] , eight years his junior . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` It's worse inside '' , Thornburg informed [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
This work is progressing on schedule and we expect to make initial shipments in the fourth quarter of this year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pennsylvania Avenue , named for one of the original 13 states , perhaps is not the most impressive street in the District of Columbia from a commercial standpoint . (Filtered Words: 0)
Higher costs of distribution generally . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tilghman leapt on to him , dragged him upright and hit him again , this time sending him careening against the bar . (Filtered Words: 0)
The antagonists came in , one at a time , and did not see or hear the other presentations . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they avoid the use of the pungent , outlawed four-letter word it is because it is taboo ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
foster and participate in regional , national , and international conferences relating to saline water conversion ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] took occasion to warn Blackman about Lewis's drinking and urged him to `` try to keep him sober '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
No charges were filed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The speaker pro tempore . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was sitting on top of a log which was spinning round and around in the water . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White Citizens' Councils in the entire state of Mississippi against every local Philco dealer in that state , in protest against a Philco-sponsored program over a national TV network on which was presented a drama showing , it seemed , a `` high yellow gal '' smooching with a white man . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Commission seems to represent the viewpoint of what I would call the unconscious liberal , but not unconscious enough , to invoke the now taboo symbolism of socialism . (Filtered Words: 0)
I tell you when it's necessary to hurt in order to win -- you won't do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
particularly the scholarship fund . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in this one section we welcomed auditors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] brothers were also along . (Filtered Words: 1)
But the liquor had flushed their courage . (Filtered Words: 0)
On November 4 , 1952 , an earthquake occurred under the sea off the Kamchatka Peninsula . (Filtered Words: 0)
A student organization , [FILTERED] , is open to any student interested in increasing his understanding and appreciation of the graphic and ceramic arts in their historical , technical , and productive contexts . (Filtered Words: 1)
The cholesterol level in the blood is influenced by the glands of the body . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , take flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
No attempts to measure the radio emission of the remaining planets have been reported , and , because of their distances , small diameters , or low temperatures , the thermal radiation at radio wave lengths reaching the earth from these sources is expected to be of very low intensity . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have argued that Oedipus of the Oedipus complex has a doubtful future as a tragic figure in literature . (Filtered Words: 0)
division four will be headed by the Navy , followed by 11 states ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that it was any of her business . (Filtered Words: 0)
He succeeds [FILTERED] , who retired at the end of last season . (Filtered Words: 1)
Maybe I should withdraw my advice -- no '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Summary (Filtered Words: 0)
In the main , this course took the following directional high roads . (Filtered Words: 0)
The budget deficit (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't you see the amount of money that has been invested by whites around that church ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Bake asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mississippi's relations with the national Democratic party will be at a crossroads during 1961 , with the first Democratic president in eight years in the White House . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence the attention they're lavishing on the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make sure that the metal tube through which the wire passes is in the shape of an inverted `` L '' , the foot of the `` L '' about three inches long , so that the puppet can hang directly under the light . (Filtered Words: 0)
This colt is another fine-looking equine . (Filtered Words: 0)
His lack of success steadily eroded his interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
And nobody knows what comes next . (Filtered Words: 0)
The red cells for the Rh antibody tests were used within 3 days after drawing except for the Af cells , which had been glycerolized and stored at -20-degrees-C for approximately 1 year . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sense of relationship overreaches the historical truth that [FILTERED] may have known next to nothing of the actual works of Aeschylus , Sophocles , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Figure 7-3 shows a platform system with the gyro vectors arranged as described above . (Filtered Words: 0)
For that reason any democratic reform and effort to bring genuine representative government to the Dominican Republic will need the greatest sympathy and help . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's like focusing a camera ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Their joint statement was welcomed by the Western delegations who will attend tomorrow the nineteenth plenary session of the fourteen-nation conference on the future of Laos . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every few minutes she would awaken for a moment to review things : Stowey , yes , was on his way south , and the two boys were away in school , and nothing was burning on the stove , and [FILTERED] was coming for dinner and bringing three guests of hers . (Filtered Words: 1)
Three seconds flat is the usual time , and the space is crossed by moderate mileage , while the overwhelming immensity of such journeys must be conceived as a static pulsation through an enormous number of coexistent frequencies which perpetuate all events . (Filtered Words: 0)
These women whose organization grew out of the old suffrage movement are dedicated to [FILTERED] dictum that one must cherish the people's spirit but `` Keep alive their attention '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
For example , a [FILTERED] trap version of the Superposed over/under , the Broadway ( from $350 up , depending on grade ) , differs from standard models in that it is equipped with a full beavertail fore end , a cushion recoil pad and a barrel-wide ventilated rib for fast sighting . (Filtered Words: 1)
He said in a low voice , `` I've got a date with a lady , Mister . (Filtered Words: 0)
Along these lines , the particular point that sensitivity in literature leads to sensitivity in human relations would require more proof than I have seen . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll never forget one time I struck out three times , dropped a fly ball , and we lost the game . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the rivers , the 4 represented the Huai , to the ( then ) Southeast ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thanks for continuing to capture the attention and uncover so many areas of need in this amazing world . (Filtered Words: 0)
For in almost less time than it takes to tell it , [FILTERED]'s bodyweight was increasing rapidly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Prevention is best (Filtered Words: 0)
I think I have a way so we can carry on without his suspecting us '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like a fair number of bootleggers he disliked alcohol . (Filtered Words: 0)
Motion-picture exhibitions took place in stores in a general atmosphere like that of the penny arcade which can still be found in such urban areas as Times Square . (Filtered Words: 0)
But more important , we believe , it must concentrate on the development of entirely new concepts in textile processing as do the Unifil loom winder and our more recent Uniconer automatic coning machine . (Filtered Words: 0)
To help prevent orthodontic problems from arising , your dentist can do these things : (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was not mad . (Filtered Words: 0)
She liked this taste of authority and independence , and , with darkness , was not likely to give it up . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is most important that we recognize the law of love as being unbreakable in all personal relationships , whether individually , socially or as between whole nations of people . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bueno , amigo . (Filtered Words: 0)
How can we have a good city unless we respect morality '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Alfred knew that , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just about to call a taxi '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are suggestive of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
**yt is the friction angle ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
add top last . (Filtered Words: 0)
The circle came nearer and nearer . (Filtered Words: 0)
A big car was approaching , its chrome teeth grinning . (Filtered Words: 0)
His plunder is therefore far higher -- running into hundreds of millions . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] returned to Bishopsgate she longed to tell them she had become Byron's mistress . (Filtered Words: 1)
The authority of the Secretary of the Interior under this joint resolution to construct , operate , and maintain demonstration plants shall terminate upon the expiration of twelve years after the date on which this joint resolution is approved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will his words come to be treasured and quoted through the years ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
My man came out an hour later , drove to the beach , turned right and after half a mile went to the Swim and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nor could he blame them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't be smart . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus technical efficiency is achieved at the expense of actual experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus Af denotes the state of the feed to the R-stage process , and Af the state of the product from the last stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He remembered the last time he had eaten -- actual eggs from an actual pan . (Filtered Words: 0)
He provoked outraged editorials when , after a post-Inaugural inspection of the White House with Mrs. [FILTERED] , he remarked to reporters , `` We just cased the joint to see what was there '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Changing colors (Filtered Words: 0)
If it's true that contented cows give more milk , why shouldn't happy ball players produce more base hits ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For a moment his hatred toward drunken or careless drivers softened . (Filtered Words: 0)
References for Part 1 , are given at the end and for Part 2 , in the tables . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most conclusively identified is L-5-vinyl-2-thio-oxazolidone , which was isolated from rutabaga ( Greer , 1950 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the extent that our sampling of the orientations of American college students in the years 1950 and 1952 may be representative of our culture -- and still valid in 1959 -- we are disposed to question the summary characterization of the current generation as silent , beat , apathetic , or as a mass of other-directed conformists who are guided solely by social radar without benefit of inner gyroscopes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consonantal systems are not merely larger , they are multidimensional . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] grinned . (Filtered Words: 1)
The walk and his fears had served to overheat him and his sweaty armpits cooled at the touch of the night air . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I suppose . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If we left one we'd have to wipe it for fingerprints . (Filtered Words: 0)
For medical research he asked a 20 million dollar a year increase , from 30 to 50 millions , in matching grants for building research facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
What shall these effects be ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Once again , [FILTERED] was the first and most likely suspect , and he was brought in for questioning immediately . (Filtered Words: 1)
He said . (Filtered Words: 0)
You love this village and these stinking brown people because they're God's creatures , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Said he , `` It teaches me to wonder '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Life has evolved from simple combinations of molecules in the sea to complex combinations in man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the image of God is that which makes a man a man and not an oyster ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Anti-recession programs -- aid for the unemployed , their children and for depressed areas -- account for only 900 million of the 6.9 billion dollar deficit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Backstitch seam . (Filtered Words: 0)
This seems to refer , not to the loan [FILTERED] had asked for , but to a proposed bargain with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
He boomed a 280-yard drive . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wrinkled mouth laughed , revealing astonishingly strong , white , teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
One is that there sometimes are real although inadequate compensations in growing old . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] recently returned from Russia . (Filtered Words: 1)
Off and on , all day , someone would be wiping at the powdery gray dust that settled over everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
Topography (Filtered Words: 0)
Would the driver see the turtle ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Requests for substantiation , the Service indicated , can be especially expected in cases where it suspects the donor received some material benefit in return , such as tickets to a show . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , who has recently abandoned authorship for a new round of diplomacy as the recently appointed American ambassador to Yugoslavia , is not the only man who finds it easier to portray the past than to prescribe for the future . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is a program of prepayment of health costs with absolute freedom of choice guaranteed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today the yearly import into the United States of locust bean gum is more than 15 million pounds ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The fountain had brimmed over , the cannon were wet , the soldiers' monument glistened . (Filtered Words: 0)
So in these pages one can share his wonder at the traditional fiesta of St. Torpetius that still persists in St. Tropez ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It could be argued that any fellowship which centers in residential neighborhoods is doomed to become an expression of the panic for stable identity among the middle classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The packing shed workers go on strike . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other interpretations present the music as an essentially intimate creation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sequence is determined by chance , and Mr. [FILTERED] makes use of any one of several chance devices . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Commission shall comply with the provisons of the Administrative Procedure Act of 1946 except as otherwise specifically provided by this title . (Filtered Words: 0)
While this may well be true in general , I believe it is also important to keep in mind that some recent developments suggest that over the next year or so military electronics may be one of the most strongly growing areas in an economy which is not expanding rapidly in other directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the contrary , if this be an apocalyptic era as is commonly said , we see it as an era of opportunity . (Filtered Words: 0)
And patterns of stress are not always unambiguous by any means . (Filtered Words: 0)
The courtyard is magnificently decorated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cook got drunk , and President [FILTERED] proved to be a man of broad talents by carving the ox himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
He opened the inner door ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All this has not , however , been an unmixed blessing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite his defense of himself in the final paper of the Englishman and in his speech before the House , their efforts were successful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Propriety was synonymous with ritual observance , the mark of a true gentleman . (Filtered Words: 0)
In contrast , for the girl the epiphysis was slightly advanced at Onset and delayed at Completion . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't even pretended to be farming his spread . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]' with wonder at the strange words of the bullwhackers as they shouted `` Whoa '' , `` Haw '' , and `` Gee '' , they thought them words the names of the animals , and began callin' cattle `` wohaws '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] and materials-handling equipment makers now offer specialized units to meet almost every homebuilding need . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nuclear rockets can destroy airfields with ease . (Filtered Words: 0)
he brushed his shoulders and his back and his collar with long , firm strokes . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the army which [FILTERED] continues to feed well , where are its sympathies ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Drunkenness was no longer tolerated . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Shade trees , too , are a big help , so keep them if you can . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beckworth left the tent . (Filtered Words: 0)
He showed convincingly that anxiety is a learned ( conditioned ) reaction and is the basis of experimental and clinical neuroses and assumed , therefore , that the neuronal changes which underlie the neuroses are functional and reversible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Trim-your-own-franks (Filtered Words: 0)
And fourth , there were moderates who were in no hurry for independence and wished to wait until the Congo grew up . (Filtered Words: 0)
All Mantle needs is eight more home runs in August and ten in September , and he will establish a new record . (Filtered Words: 0)
A quarter of a century has gone by since this bevy of walking dreams sashayed up and down the staircases of the old New Amsterdam Theater , N.Y. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he looked at his finger , at the wrinkled , heavy knuckle and the thick nail he used like a knife to pry up , slit , and open . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gaining outer space and losing `` inner '' space is bad business according to God's standards . (Filtered Words: 0)
She jerked the coat back on and squeezed it around her again , but not soon enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
the rough surface of the earth itself seemed to resist every attempt on his part to relax . (Filtered Words: 0)
All the dead animals laying around the ship '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Rock shows up during the number -- or you hear anything -- give me the signal '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Blue Skies , Brown Studies '' is illustrated with numerous excellent photographs . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Home '' signals have two blades . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who sings with a persuasively warm huskiness , belts some life into most of her songs , but the other members of the cast sound as lukewarm as Mr. [FILTERED]'s songs . (Filtered Words: 2)
I understand very well about Lauro Di Bosis and how his action is symbolic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some phonetic features , for example glottal catch or murmur , are sometimes to be assigned to segmental phonemics and sometimes to accentual systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before deciding where it is going , however , a college or university must know where it is . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those were his only interludes behind bars , although he collected four more charges on his police record in 1921 and 1922 , three for burglary and one for robbery . (Filtered Words: 0)
He handed the guard's rifle to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The resentment among Democratic organization leaders to the reported Wagner plan was directed particularly at the Mayor's efforts to name his own running mates without consulting the leaders . (Filtered Words: 0)
We want to know when the [FILTERED] telephone exactly how many they are planning to bring , so that we won't end up with a splashing mob that looks like Coney Island in August . (Filtered Words: 1)
She wanted to go around the world , but she settled for a French holiday . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is , then , the possibility that this Af bond is symmetric , although Douglass was unable to determine its symmetry from his x-ray data . (Filtered Words: 0)
In evaluating data on the concentration of TSH in blood , one must examine critically the bio-assay methods used to obtain them . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wouldn't hear of it because it meant giving up the `` line '' , though I realized I was in poor shape physically . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or , more rhythmically , ' The swarthy witches are laughing ' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His looting of the orderly room had taken only a minute or two and the vicinity was still clear of guerrillas . (Filtered Words: 0)
life leads somewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
The interaction effect , which is significant at the level , can be seen best in the contrast of mean scores . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , the types of infection that could attack a warm-blooded mammal were not infinite , and over the course of the last few hundred years adequate defenses had been found for all basic categories . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was always concerned with life , and he tried to picture it whole ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We may say that his attitude was foolish , since he may have been a success had he learned some human relations skills ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Most others have been content to give only the most general attention to the broadest and most obvious features of the phonology when designing orthographies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let this be denoted by Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dried rumen bacteria . (Filtered Words: 0)
Graft in the construction of highways and other public works has brought on state and Federal investigations . (Filtered Words: 0)
They pointed out to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
These student-directed organizations include eight to ten members each ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you spending too much money on team uniforms that benefit only a few employees ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Production may fall far below expectations . (Filtered Words: 0)
For hundreds of years , the evidence available consisted of ( 1 ) the captain's fragmentary journal , ( 2 ) a highly prejudiced account by one of the survivors , ( 3 ) a note found in a dead man's desk on board , and ( 4 ) several second-hand reports . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we have not thought and made a decision entirely in these terms , then we need to submit ourselves to the following `` simple test '' : `` Have we decided how we are to kill the other members of our household in the event of our being less injured than they are '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When I came into being , 15 years ago , I had one primary purpose : to help men and women everywhere to know God better , and through knowing Him better to become happier and more effective people . (Filtered Words: 0)
And was he afraid to do anything as definite as releasing her ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Sheets added that he would ask for exclusive use of voting machines in the state by January , 1964 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , tunnels and ferries are the most common methods of river crossings . (Filtered Words: 1)
But within that framework he allowed for as much flexibility as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I'd been a good girl and now God was blessing me with the gift of this magnificent man and the wondrous love we shared . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clock which had struck presented an innocent face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jaggers' iron control over her ( `` she would remove her hands from any dish she put before him , hesitatingly , as if she dreaded his calling her back ) '' ) rests on his having once got her acquitted of a murder charge by cleverly contriving her sleeves at the trial to conceal her strength and by passing off the lacerations on the backs of her hands as the scratches of brambles rather than of human fingernails . (Filtered Words: 0)
add top last . (Filtered Words: 0)
Start on rapid transit (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather , meat and potatoes , sugar , and dairy products are the main sources of carbohydrate , protein , oils , and fats . (Filtered Words: 0)
The startled horses began rearing on their tethers . (Filtered Words: 0)
You're beautiful , beautiful , beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
We cannot , of course , assign it any substance . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that time [FILTERED] had a young law associate named [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
I couldn't face Thelma after that night . (Filtered Words: 0)
gave up verse for prose , 1868 - 70 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Y.M.C.A. and Y.W.C.A. at [FILTERED] are connected with the corresponding national organizations and carry out their general purposes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sometimes , though , they did not seem quite human . (Filtered Words: 0)
The word hissed distinctly from Poet's lips as he struggled to his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
McClellan , who had once lost his medical license temporarily on a charge of drug addiction , was with her when she died . (Filtered Words: 0)
And she begins to regard him as savage , bestial and unworthy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , in all honesty , I don't know how you can be sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] heading consists of orienting the sensitive axis of the accelerometers parallel to the desired coordinate system of the navigator . (Filtered Words: 1)
We note that , first , America has already made great contributions in the past two years to the world's fund of knowledge of astrophysics and space science . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , casework involving a limited number of interviews is still to be regarded in terms of the quality of service rendered rather than of the quantity of time expended . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are few things of which I am prouder than of that unblemished record . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Chinese emperor , by proper observance of ritual , manifested divine powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
With their huge backs and overdeveloped shoulders , both must have their clothes made to order . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus such great American documentaries as The River and The Plow That Broke The Plains were composed as visual stories rather than as illustrated lectures . (Filtered Words: 0)
The results were good , but which treatment helped is still not known . (Filtered Words: 0)
For long hauls these shipments should be protected with water-proof paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may order utility models , inboard or outboard , with or without toilets , galleys , and bunks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have not our physical abilities already deteriorated because of the more sedentary lives we are now living ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Got it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The desire and ability to read are important aspects of our cultural life . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
His sarcasm was followed by a stupid grin of his thick mouth and bad teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Encouraging self-help (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Have you got our keys handy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Such academic statesmen as [FILTERED] were consulted . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Don't forget , there was the hope it would pass for a natural death '' , [FILTERED] reminded him . (Filtered Words: 1)
He fought the panic of vertigo . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fourth name was ( John ) Milton of Christ's College , followed by ( [FILTERED] ) [FILTERED] of Peterhouse , who matriculated 16 October 1624 . (Filtered Words: 2)
The first possibility requires that there be a line through P which meets **zg in Af points ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As used in this Act , the term ' saline water ' includes sea water , brackish water , and other mineralized or chemically charged water , and the term ' United States ' extends to and includes the District of Columbia , the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico , and the territories and possessions of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
They just all cleared out . (Filtered Words: 0)
When thus deposited , [FILTERED] says that cholesterol is mainly responsible for the arterial blockages that culminate in heart attacks . (Filtered Words: 1)
He put everything he had into the next and aimed down where the stomach ought to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next , estimate the value of possible earnings of the farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Horse smell was very strong , and he could hear the crunch of grain being ground between strong jaws . (Filtered Words: 0)
but on the range gunfire had a meaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the first few months of their marriage she had tried to be nice about Gunny , going out with him to watch this pearl without price stamp imperiously around in her stall . (Filtered Words: 0)
The words amended return should be plainly written across the top of such return . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a matter of principle with [FILTERED] , since Britain had declared war in behalf of Poland . (Filtered Words: 1)
I don't know how and I don't know why but the two stores , the one in Margaretville and the one in Fleischmanns that had been set up as a partnership , were dissolved , separated from each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
I do not mean to suggest that these assumptions are self-evident , in the sense that everyone agrees with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
When sufficiently accurate and complete measurements are available , it will be possible to set limits on the thermal and electrical characteristics of the surface and subsurface materials of the moon . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's really all he's got , all he is . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several days after the companies had received the questionnaire , members of the research team contacted the presidents of eleven of these companies in person or by phone to discuss any ambiguities or difficulties the addressees might have experienced in completing the questionnaire . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Tomorrow will be a new experience -- I have never before made love to a nightingale . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , it sometimes gives you a creepy feeling to find a rabbit or a snapping turtle on some strange world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Foreign aid programs were revamped to give greater emphasis to economic aid and to encourage political reform in recipient nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
For every person on Taiwan , there are sixty in Mainland China . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Providence Journal editorial ( Jan. 25 ) entitled `` East Greenwich Faces A Housing Development Problem '' points to a dilemma that faces communities such as ours . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some white-collar workers it is a welcome change from the regular job , and a physical conditioner . (Filtered Words: 0)
The seasonal adjustment takes into account such factors as [FILTERED] was on April 2 this year , two weeks earlier than in 1960 , and pre-[FILTERED] buying was pushed into March . (Filtered Words: 1)
If only the latter were true . (Filtered Words: 0)
his eyes were black and deep-set , and expressionless . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the convenience of guests bundle centers have been established throughout the city and suburbs where the donations may be deposited between now and the date of the big event . (Filtered Words: 0)
They emerged as interchangeable cogs in a faulty but formidable machine : shaved nearly naked , hair queued , greatcoated , jackbooted , and best of all -- in the opinion of the British professional , Major [FILTERED] -- `` their minds are not estranged from the paths of obedience by those smatterings of knowledge which only serve to lead to insubordination and mutiny '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
We were coming to an intersection , turning right , chuffing to a stop . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` (Filtered Words: 0)
Others may speak of Speaker [FILTERED]'s uniquely long and devoted service ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
In addition , he said , he has answered more than 400 messages of congratulations which led him to the comment that he himself had decided he wouldn't send another congratulatory message for the rest of his life . (Filtered Words: 0)
These three were much alike : lined snake ( Tropidoclonion ) , one year and nine months ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The construction was reasonably solid ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is harder , he muttered , to meditate on man ( or woman ) than on God . (Filtered Words: 0)
In closing , Mr. [FILTERED] also wished all the Juniors luck in their Class . (Filtered Words: 1)
I got her into bed , and sat with her until she had sobbed herself out . (Filtered Words: 0)
theory of non-newtonian fluids (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Part collie , part wire-haired terrier '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The specificity of staining in WTV tumors with Af and Af but not with NS and Af or with antiserum to potato yellow-dwarf virus and Af , and the absence of such staining in crown gall tumor tissue from sweet-clover , indicate that an antigen of WTV was being stained . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the reason this could happen is clear : men of government , business men , lawyers and all who concerned themselves with the welfare of their fellow men did not let their concern to run their businesses at a profit restrict the development of freedom and opportunity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fuzzy caterpillars , snails with their sensitive horns , struggling grasshoppers held by their long hind legs and commanded to `` spit tobacco , spit '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And to prove what you tell him about me you suggest that he keep the date instead . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was only dreaming . (Filtered Words: 0)
You just -- `` Hello ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The result says Jolliffe : `` The child gains the feeling that food is the purpose of life '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Life '' points out that `` everybody uses this path '' , and starts to ride on . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I hope so . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not in business for the purpose of absorbing increased municipal costs no matter how high a purpose that may be '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
To the contrary , through the past six weeks violence has been piled upon violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although Rhode Islanders were preparing for the state elections , they watched [FILTERED] trial with extreme interest . (Filtered Words: 1)
In all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Organ meats such as beef and chicken liver , tongue and heart are planned once a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's the only copy I've got '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The work week of attendants who are on duty 65 hours and more per week should be reduced . (Filtered Words: 0)
The State Department was little help on this , or on much else about Saudi Arabia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sniffing its sweet smell and letting it fall to show its good crumbly consistency , he pointed to the nearby driveway and said , `` This soil used to be like that hard packed road over there '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a freshman Congressman to read political Lessons to graybeard Democrats was poor policy for one who needed to make friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hiroshima is a better city than it was before -- in the minds of the people I met was a strong determination for peace and understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
Subgroups of various types have been found within this system . (Filtered Words: 0)
he made fresh coffee and searched through all the desk drawers for more cigarettes before thinking of her handbag , and found a crumpled stray cigarette at its bottom , which tasted peculiarly of face powder . (Filtered Words: 0)
They know little about their machinery beyond mechanical details . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or a wife may make sudden demands that she be courted , flattered or coaxed , simply because she needs her ego lifted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's hear it , anyway '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- You'll be visiting Miss [FILTERED] , Ma'am '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
We did 80 miles an hour across a hard dirt road to a cluster of shacks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus such great American documentaries as The River and The Plow That Broke The Plains were composed as visual stories rather than as illustrated lectures . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the biggest annual outlay since the Communist program for the under-developed countries made its modest beginning in 1954 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I grunted , sipping . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing in all the preceding years had had the power to bring me closer to a knowledge of profound sorrow than the breakup of camp , the packing away of my camp uniforms , the severing of ties with the six or ten people I had grown most to love in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rilly or [FILTERED] had entered her room while she slept , bringing back her washed clothes . (Filtered Words: 1)
To this end political authority is called upon to exercise its negative and coercive powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
( We abstract here from technological progress and assume that prices of all other products change proportionately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drenched and shaking , he stood near the sweet-smelling stall and dared to pat her muzzle . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was , however , fortunate in his contact with Prof. [FILTERED] ( 1769-1842 ) , teacher of chemistry , who , in addition to his academic chair , was also proprietor of the `` Lion Pharmacy '' in Copenhagen where Oersted assisted him . (Filtered Words: 1)
One house was without power for about half an hour , a Narragansett Electric Co. spokesman said . (Filtered Words: 0)
From behind us came the rapping of the stick and the high-pitched voices of the boys who would grow to devote their lives to rigid study and prayer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked a red-haired girl named Ceecee Witter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody witnessed the fall -- just the sickening impact when his body smashed on the pavement just outside the basement delivery entrance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pilots' heads looked ridiculously small . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Diets can be terrible '' , the girl said . (Filtered Words: 0)
This can be accomplished by several logical steps : ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He removed his hat to let the trapped sweat cut rivulets through the dust film upon his gaunt face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Student musical organizations are the Knights of Carleton and the Overtones ( men's vocal groups ) , and the Keynotes ( a women's singing group ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Af is the friction force between chip and knife surfaces , and P is the normal force acting on the face of the knife . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ducking inside , he found that three rifles were stacked in a corner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the enthusiasm and energy of all elements can be channeled to produce cumulative progress toward a common objective . (Filtered Words: 0)
So he paid a call on Barco in his cell and began their chat by stating bluntly : (Filtered Words: 0)
8,280 attend races (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
The trial will be held , probably the first week of March , in the famous Old Bailey central criminal court where [FILTERED] , the naturalized British German born scientist who succeeded in giving American and British atomic bomb secrets to Russia and thereby changed world history during the 1950s , was sentenced to 14 years in prison . (Filtered Words: 1)
If and when [FILTERED] decided to tell him about his experiences , he would do so unasked . (Filtered Words: 1)
Among other things , besides the nature of your house and how much heat finds its way into its various rooms from the outside , it will depend upon your personal habits and the makeup of your family . (Filtered Words: 0)
This kid's froze bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
As long as her development within her shell lived up to expectations , and there were no side-effects from the pituitary tinkering , [FILTERED] would live a rewarding , rich and unusual life , a far cry from what she would have faced as an ordinary , `` normal '' being . (Filtered Words: 1)
It might be , indeed it had already proved to be a marriage without love , but it was marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Du Pont's counterproposal was filed on May 14 , 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
By dealing with common landscape in an uncommon way , [FILTERED] has found a particular niche in American landscape art . (Filtered Words: 1)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
So the driver started to curse at both of them as if they had been in a plot together to ruin his safe-driving record . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Stevie ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
They love to dust , scrub , polish , wax floors , move the furniture around from place to place , take down the curtains , put up new ones and have themselves a real ball . (Filtered Words: 0)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
The land over which he sped was the land he had created and lived in : his valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
and General Motors and Du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any Du Pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by General Motors to Du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feathertop inquired , lounging against the freight's vibrating wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
You guys remember that . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took another sidelong glance at the other registration card , then took the key to Unit 13 that she had given me and went down long enough to park the car . (Filtered Words: 0)
The round cells were reproducibly positioned in the light beam which entered the thermostated mineral oil-bath through a window . (Filtered Words: 0)
The funds recouped by reductions in item 12 above are used : first , to increase the unadjusted allotments to the specified minimum in those States where the unadjusted allotment is less than the minimum allotment ( item 13 above ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing new . (Filtered Words: 0)
We came on as soon as we could '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Faced with a gesture like [FILTERED] , I find usually that my sentiments are closer to those of my sculptor friend . (Filtered Words: 1)
The pain in itself was neutral ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
No one knew . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other nuts consumed in lesser quantity include the spicy nutmeg ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Other morphological , physical , and optical property values are also given . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vince shouted finally , `` Get her over to Rose's and I'll come by and see that she stays put '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Miss [FILTERED] , I can't cut up no chicken . (Filtered Words: 1)
This Congress will see Premier [FILTERED] consolidating his power and laying the groundwork for an orderly succession should death or illness remove him from the scene in the next few years . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pa was sure to find out . (Filtered Words: 0)
We talked after I hailed his Jeep marked with the U.N. flag . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not so long ago many builders were finding they could cut their costs by `` buying direct '' and short-cutting the dealer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bayreuth next summer (Filtered Words: 0)
The information , he said , would have been of the highest value to a potential enemy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here may be found regular and impact styrene , cellulose acetate , cellulose butyrate and cellulose propionate , acrylic , vinyl , expandable styrene foam , and polyethylene . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sake . (Filtered Words: 0)
An animal with distinct coloration , or other marks easily distinguished and remembered by the owner and his riders , was sometimes used as a `` marker '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taking Hamrick with him , [FILTERED] went to Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
That helped a lot . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was not alone for there were three other such children in the big city's special nursery . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know I don't want to see Pedersen . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is probably more effective than the expanded scholarship programs of the past decade , because the scholarship programs mainly aided the students with the best academic records ( who were usually middle-class ) , and these students tended to use the scholarship funds to go to more expensive colleges . (Filtered Words: 0)
Residential building consists of houses , apartments , hotels , dormitories and other buildings designed for shelter . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1961 , it is estimated that multiple unit dwellings will account for nearly 30 per cent of the starts in residential construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fins of a Caddy were sticking out of the garage , while the inside of the house was a comfortable mixture of old and expensive contemporary furniture . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the turtle ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Several were born in the early decades and persisted throughout the century . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s eyes fixed on the other's feet , which would first betray the moment and direction of an attack . (Filtered Words: 1)
a lady drunk on her hands and knees who carries the hero around on her back while he throws pillow feathers in her face ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A well-publicized entrant which has achieved success only recently is the built liquid detergent , with which the major problem today is incorporation of builder and active into a small volume using a sufficiently high builder/active ratio . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hens are kept on the range and roosters are kept with them for their fertility . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dodge reported the following breakdown : (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , interlobular air drifts may be all but nonexistent in the cow ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( Incidentally , no Mexican nationals were involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the dynamics of airflow , from morphologic considerations alone , may conceivably be different in the monkey than in the horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was true that they could be approximated , but would the Ozagenians understand these approximations ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But not a single human life was lost , and property damage in the Hawaiian Islands did not exceed $800,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In short , congressional power to grant federal-question authority to federal courts is now apparently so broad that Congress need not create , or specify , the right to be enforced . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's where he was when [FILTERED] found him '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A man with a baby in his arms stood there pleading for his wife who is on the other side with the rest of the family . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. Louis U. was to be in action again today with a game scheduled at 4 against Washington University at Ligget Field . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parson Weems's [FILTERED] became the symbol of honesty and the father image of the uniting States . (Filtered Words: 1)
All have gone astray together ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thanks to [FILTERED] and the terrible strain he imposed on me , the notices were few and unfavorable . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the party of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , with 45 per cent of the vote , approaches the party of [FILTERED] , which won 36 per cent , the result would be a stiffening of the old resolve . (Filtered Words: 3)
I told [FILTERED] so . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , Detroit ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] is suffering from a stiff neck . (Filtered Words: 1)
Experimental apparatus (Filtered Words: 0)
Coordination of pest control objectives with timber management activities to reduce losses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turn off at any one of the marked picnic areas ( gasoline companies have touring service bureaus that issue booklets on national parks to tell you where you have barbecue facilities ) and -- with soft drinks cooled from morning loading up , hamburger , buns , an array of relishes , and fresh fruit -- your lunch is 75% cheaper than at a restaurant , and 100% more fun . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) the Milwaukee Braves tied a major-league record with fourteen home runs in three games and lost two of them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Government will contract with an eligible applicant to pay up to one-half of the cost of approved exploration work as it progresses . (Filtered Words: 0)
A much larger room , adjacent to the lavatory , served as a passageway to and from the skimpy toilet . (Filtered Words: 0)
His superiors had emphasized that marines tortured others for the sheer pleasure . (Filtered Words: 0)
You cannot get along without an adequate supply of pure water . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a broad spectrum of organisms from which selection for a specified military purpose might be made . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sprinkel told conferees that the recent improvement in economic activity was not a `` temporary flash in the pan '' but the beginning of a substantial cyclical expansion that will carry the economy back to full employment levels and witness a renewal of our traditional growth pattern . (Filtered Words: 0)
Affirmatively [FILTERED] worked on the premise that `` young men spontaneously prefer to be decent , and that opportunities for wholesome recreation are the best possible cure for irregularities in conduct which arise from idleness and the baser temptations '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It has a great many assets to recommend it and if you haven't made avocado a part of your diet yet , you really should . (Filtered Words: 0)
It purports to be a letter from Steele to a friend at court , who , in Miss [FILTERED]'s opinion , could only be meant as Swift . (Filtered Words: 1)
It suddenly seemed very important to me that [FILTERED] should know the truth about me -- that I was not the confused , sick , irresponsible person she believed me to be . (Filtered Words: 1)
And how anxious this lover of obscurity was for applause ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Although there were only four fluids tested , it was apparent that there were two distinct types . (Filtered Words: 0)
Engaged as it is in a battle for world trade as a condition of national survival , this country can have little patience with labor's family feuds . (Filtered Words: 0)
the question was too wide for the sparse English language . (Filtered Words: 0)
Multiply the population of each State by the square of its allotment percentage . (Filtered Words: 0)
About noon they came up with the enemy two miles from Lovejoy's Station and deployed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mental telepathy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The nigger boy was close behind him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could all be straightened out later . (Filtered Words: 0)
A second point requires more extended comment . (Filtered Words: 0)
One Federal soldier wrote : `` the docters is no aconte -- hell will be filde with do(c)ters and offersey when this war is over '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Underground concrete shelter (Filtered Words: 0)
Father [FILTERED] goes back to the Declaration of Independence , too , though I may add , with considerably more historical perception . (Filtered Words: 1)
But this time she was nervous : she was open . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] herself ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Scribe a line through the center of the pin and across the face of tappet 3 , parallel to piece `` A '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had done all I was going to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
While no larger than Dutch Springs , this mining supply town had the appearance of being far busier and more prosperous . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a truism of business that no business can be better than its board of directors and its top management . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once more , Juet's complaints were the loudest . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were all good men . (Filtered Words: 0)
And now , the woman , tired and trembling , came here to the DeKalb County cannery . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stacy said he left her suite at nine forty-five p.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This is a warm-up '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The North Koreans threw away their guns and fled across the rice paddies . (Filtered Words: 0)
My last impression as they led him off to a stockade was of his pale face (Filtered Words: 0)
The front line of advance is where witnessing and worshiping congregations of different traditions exist side by side . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is kept in each Regional office for the small firms within the region . (Filtered Words: 0)
It can mean the difference between participation and inaction , spiritual growth and decay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note that there are 3 trials of interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
It ran , this apocalyptic beast , on two thin legs , and its wings -- were they feathered arms ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These tractors are not entirely satisfactory for plowing , particularly on heavier soils , so you may still want to hire someone to do the plowing . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the purpose of maintaining international peace and promoting the advancement of all people , the United States of America joined in founding the United Nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
To insure uniformity in the meaning of national law , however , state interpretations are subject to Supreme Court review . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
The editor and business manager of Manuscript are appointed by the Publications Board . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tomorrow [FILTERED] opens officially . (Filtered Words: 1)
It'll take time '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , alive . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men of Innesfree are got up authentically in cloth caps and sweaters , and their dancing and singing is fine . (Filtered Words: 0)
In February , 1958 , the patient suffered a myocardial infarction complicated by pulmonary edema . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again the plan was for me to go alone , but they wouldn't let me . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no time to pick out a penny ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , as the husband , is a jealous type who argues against her course and sues for divorce , labeling her action adulterous . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was dark . (Filtered Words: 0)
Records sound like records because they provide a different sort of experience than live music . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled , and expertly let herself downward , holding this known root or that , her sneakers sliding in the leaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
I tossed the bottle . (Filtered Words: 0)
The British ships rolled at anchor , sent out picket boats and waited for orders from London . (Filtered Words: 0)
Continuing technical problems involved in the use of this fuel , coupled with significant improvements in aircraft range through other means , have now raised serious questions about the value of the high-energy fuel program . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can imagine '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In particular , tangents to C are transformed into tangents to C' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The insistent talk-aboutiveness of the general environment obtrudes into even the most idyllic poetry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beginning in Cloth Of The Tempest ( 1943 ) he experimented in merging poetry and visual art , using drawings to carry long narrative segments of a story , as in Sleepers Awake , and constructing elaborate `` poems-in-drawing-and-type '' in which it is impossible to distinguish between the `` art '' and the poetry . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are supplied , a batch at a time , by a secret source and are continually changed by [FILTERED] or his staff , at random intervals . (Filtered Words: 1)
With or without professional help , you will have to be able to do some of these jobs yourself unless you have a full-time pool nurse . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ex-prison guard was embarrassed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somewhere birds were sweetly calling , were answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is possible that the study of literature affects the conscience , the morality , the sensitivity to some code of `` right '' and `` wrong '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Residential associations struggle to insulate themselves against intrusions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Facing a prosecution which has demanded the death penalty , he said : ' I have participated in the war against Communism in Korea and at Dienbienphu , and I have helped in the evacuation of North Vietnamese to the free world . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s [FILTERED] is healthy , cheerful , energetic , revelling in his physical agility and his obvious superiority to the young gentlemen whom he serves . (Filtered Words: 2)
Look at [FILTERED] now -- cockier than ever with arms and agents to threaten the Americas . (Filtered Words: 1)
The need is for reference works of a more specialized nature than individual libraries , adequate to satisfy everyday needs , could afford . (Filtered Words: 0)
Food treated in this manner and protected from recontamination by aseptic methods of packaging and containment presumably could be stored for long periods without refrigeration . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I want Captain [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the ideal state , for instance , he argues that the young citizens should hear only the most carefully selected tales and stories . (Filtered Words: 0)
These consist of visits , without previous announcement , on top officials of manufacturing concerns located in highly industrialized areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
and `` cannot say '' if they were not certain . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not unlike the order received by the sergeant of an army motor pool : `` Four trucks to Fort Mason gym , 7:30 tonight , for hauling girls to dance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the 7070 and 7074 make use of record definition words ( RDWS ) to read , write , move , and otherwise examine blocks of storage , the DA and DC statements provide the option of generating RDWS automatically . (Filtered Words: 0)
He liked to nip ear lobes of unsuspecting visitors with his needle-sharp teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then the Amen corner took hold , re-enacting a form of group participation in worship that stemmed from years before the Greek chorus , spreading down through the African forest , overseas to the West Indies , and then here in Alabama . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a year the boy had lived in the bush in a boxcar . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the telephone rang on the day after [FILTERED] went down to the village , Rector had a hunch it would be [FILTERED] with some morsel of information too important to wait until his return , for there were few telephones in the village and the phone in Rector's office rarely rang unless it was important . (Filtered Words: 2)
As far as the color problem is concerned , there is but one great difference between the Southern white and the Northerner : the [FILTERED] remembers , historically and in his own psyche , a kind of Eden in which he loved black people and they loved him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fifty yards away from the barn he dodged inside a barber's shop and came out at the back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although quiet when they brought her in , she'd suddenly turned violent and had to be knocked out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , advised by the Architect of the Capitol , the Joint Committee for the [FILTERED] , traditionally responsible for the works of art in the building , ordered the space cleared and painted in fresco , to show `` the Peace after the Civil War '' , `` the Spanish-American War '' , and `` the Birth of Aviation '' , to match as nearly as feasible [FILTERED]'s technique and composition . (Filtered Words: 2)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Four men were knocked down , but did not attempt to rise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the alignment of the `` dots '' and `` tips '' , respectively , indicate individual variability of the 21 growth centers of each child with respect to the mean values for these boys and girls . (Filtered Words: 0)
When payment is due . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe an entire scene comes into consciousness , with action and motion , or a static view : `` a house under a pine tree , with a little stone path going up to the door '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What they wished for most was security ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That is one thing the experiments are designed to find out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Home air conditioning has come a long way from the early days of overcooled theaters and the thermal shock they inflicted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Minnesota , fabled land of waters , is in itself , ideal vacationland , having within its borders 10,000 lakes ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
so that a line running down the length of the South marking the upper limits of tidewater would roughly divide the Old South from the new , but with , of course , important minority enclaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
After she had served the detectives coffee and toast ( they politely declined eggs , uncomfortable about their tenancy ) , she settled down with a morning newspaper and began reading the stock market quotations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Always messing around with science stuff . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Careful , now '' , [FILTERED] warned . (Filtered Words: 1)
Every path from back door to barn was covered by a grape-arbor , and every yard had its fruit trees . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the paragraphs that follow , we quote from 32 men who are identified on the final page . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And he wasn't really elected treasurer of the science club . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most frequent excuse for the prevalence of unoriginals and tested imports is increasing production expense -- producers cannot afford to take chances . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't see her till several days later at the wedding , and her face looked like it had never had a blemish on it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' , he explained , `` s'posin' you was a nester swingin' the long rope ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This translation , or rather the fusion of the two ideals , creates the Gesamtkunstwerke , the `` total art form '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clayton swung into the saddle and whacked the stallion's rump . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again he refused . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned around and said to [FILTERED] , `` I guess you think I'm a yellow-bellied hound . (Filtered Words: 2)
Of course , you'll want to use the softest water you can in your radiators . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Deegan '' , the manager said , his voice pitched low , quivering . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reservation of index words and electronic switches (Filtered Words: 0)
The value of Af estimated at 470 gauss was Af microseconds . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Poynting-Robertson effect causes the semi-major axis of orbits to diminish more rapidly than the semi-minor axis , with a consequent tendency toward circular orbits as the particles move toward the sun . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All dey know down dere is it were at Manassas Junction and it were a big fight '' , the old man told them . (Filtered Words: 0)
A salad with greens and tomato is a popular and wonderfully healthful addition to a meal , but add an avocado and you have something really special . (Filtered Words: 0)
By now she was sure she was going to have a baby , deciding it would be born in India or Burma that November . (Filtered Words: 0)
Traces of oil on green tissue ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In establishing criterion measurements , it was therefore thought best to broaden the scope beyond the reading act itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grosse ducked and sniggered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Powers had not followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course we have before us the example of the great races at the galactic center ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And they had almost everything they needed : land , a house , two whiteface bulls , three horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aboveground double-wall shelter (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You know I know it '' , Robinson answered warily . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Fools '' , he bayed , `` what do you think you are doing '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] heads a group within the building and development industry to raise funds in support of this cultural center for the performing arts . (Filtered Words: 1)
The apparent black-body disk temperature is the temperature which must be assumed for the black body in order that the intensity of its radiation should equal that of the observed radiation . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he couldn't imagine where . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the boy straight-armed himself up , twisting at the last moment so he landed sitting . (Filtered Words: 0)
I purposely refrained from adding the usual distinction of saying that he was from the State of Texas . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The only thing that worries me is how I'm going to prove it '' , Eugenia said . (Filtered Words: 0)
I mean something more like Freud's concept of the utility of `` play '' to a small child : he plays `` house '' or `` doctor '' or `` fireman '' as a way of mastering slightly frightening experiences , reliving them imaginatively until they are under control . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was also at this time , although not so interwoven in high politics and the rackets as [FILTERED] and Capone , the most powerful and most dangerous mob leader in the Chicago underworld , the roughneck king . (Filtered Words: 1)
Liberals and conservatives in both parties -- Democratic and Republican -- should divorce themselves and form two independent parties , [FILTERED] , nationally known labor-management expert , said here yesterday . (Filtered Words: 1)
Watson-Watt's remarks in SR did not then , constitute a review of the book but a rebuttal to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was the 7th Cavalry whose troopers were charged with guarding the Imperial Palace of the Emperor . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the man who brought sweet potatoes into Kanto is buried there , next to a beautiful seated statue of Fudo . (Filtered Words: 0)
And an additional factor was helping to make women more sexually self-assertive -- the comparatively recent discovery of the true depths of female desire and response . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will take a little time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dammit ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Each applicant is required to own or have sufficient interest in the property to be explored . (Filtered Words: 0)
She paused . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will determine the amount of money to be spent by the college and will certify this amount to the board of freeholders , which `` shall appropriate in the same manner as other appropriations are made by it the amount so certified and the amount shall be assessed , levied and collected in the same manner as moneys appropriated for other purposes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Time marches on ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of [FILTERED]'s curative methods involve strong potions of mixed metaphor , malapropism , and gobbledygook and are recommended for use only in extreme cases . (Filtered Words: 1)
Come on -- the key . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only a native New Yorker could believe that New York is now or ever was a literary center . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was decided to strip the whole area down to the bricks , and to replace the rough coats up to one inch thickness to agree with the older artists' preparation , with a mortar , one part slaked lime , three parts sand , to be put on in two layers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Source program format (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did not usually invent the incidents in his plays , but borrowed them from old stories , ballads , and plays , wove them together , and then breathed into them his spark of life . (Filtered Words: 1)
also place three dots on the specimen at each side of the 10 inch square , one dot at midpoint , and one at approximately 1/2 inch from each corner . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is screaming at you even in the taxis of London '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the matter '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Star's Pride-Venus Hanover ) has gone in 2:33 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
I endorse pending legislation that will restore the traditional relationship between retired and active duty pay rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` -- had enough brains to call ya up so as ya could do sompin about it when the parents -- I coulda let her go go '' -- His eyes were lowered , so he couldn't have seen the narrow , pointed face of his companion suddenly writhe with fury ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In closing , Mr. [FILTERED] also wished all the Juniors luck in their Class . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] 340-blast over left in the fourth -- his fourth homer of the campaign -- tied the score and Carreon's first major league home run in the fifth put the Sox back in front . (Filtered Words: 1)
One diplomat described the tenor of Secretary of State [FILTERED] speeches as `` inconclusive '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The dancer who never loosens her hold on a parasol , begins to feel that it is part of herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
But after the doctor's return that night Alex could see , from the high window in his own room , the now familiar figure crouched on a truly impressive heap of towels , apparently giving its egg-hatching powers one final chance before it was replaced in its office by a sure-enough hen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeks `` improved fielding '' (Filtered Words: 0)
But though each of its members had asserted this right against the Union , the final Constitution which the Confederacy signed on March 11 -- nearly a month before hostilities began -- included no explicit provision authorizing a state to secede . (Filtered Words: 0)
When dry they were fired to cone 06-05 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who retired in 1938 , was a veteran of thirty-four years' local service . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Don't even send flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Standard years -- eighty-four years , seven months , three days , two hours , eleven and one half minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lighting is an important consideration . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most unusual of them is the Ithaca 49 ( about $20 , $5 for a saddle scabbard ) -- a lever-action single-shot patterned after the famous Winchester lever-action and featuring the Western look . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arlen , too , worked on other projects at the same time with old friend [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
So : Means edged around on the north side of her , [FILTERED] moved in from the south . (Filtered Words: 1)
He supervised the cleanups and handled the shipments of raw gold which each week went out to San Francisco . (Filtered Words: 0)
To be presiding officer of it was the end of his desire and ambition . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Calhoun came running from the post . (Filtered Words: 1)
A few snowflakes sifted down through that theatrical red glow , languid as falling feathers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Situs of property . (Filtered Words: 0)
What we have here is in some ways more like an ordinary conversation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is engendered by confounding the Aristotelian cosmology in The Almagest with the geocentric astronomy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ten or more dangerous parties singled out for prosecution were still at large , and Pels realized that if these men entrenched themselves in their adobe houses , defending themselves through loopholes , it would be most difficult to capture them . (Filtered Words: 0)
At a rate of $3.22 an hour he is now earning approximately $580 a month . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing bald , open ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The controversial remark was first made Sunday by Hughes at a Westfield Young Democratic Club cocktail party at the Scotch Plains Country Club . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this role of father confessor , he has always been most characteristic and most helpful . (Filtered Words: 0)
It raced closer and they could see a woman with white hair , sitting astride an upright branch . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s experiments and therapeutic work lie in this area . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the 1920 presidential election they had that right and many of them did vote for the first time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The figure halted , and [FILTERED] gasped . (Filtered Words: 1)
He ran a finger down his cheek , tracing the scratch there . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was determined that the hours of sunrise and sunset , respectively , should be used for this purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Shut up . (Filtered Words: 0)
The decking is quarter-inch mahogany marine plywood . (Filtered Words: 0)
His head flopped back . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been a corps commander during the disastrous defeat and retreat of 1942 when the ill-prepared , ill-equipped British forces `` were outmaneuvered , outfought and outgeneraled '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Discoveries recently made of old Biblical manuscripts in Hebrew and Greek and other ancient writings , some by the early church fathers , in themselves called for a restudy of the Bible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , 61 , remained in Holy Cross Hospital as a result of the explosion , which occurred while Mrs. [FILTERED] fueled a cook stove in the grandmother's small upstairs flat at 2274 Eight Mile Road East . (Filtered Words: 2)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
This almost trivial example is nevertheless suggestive , for there are some elements in common between the antique fear that the days would get shorter and shorter and our present fear of war . (Filtered Words: 0)
These headquarters engineers , headed by the vice-president -- Engineering , counsel and advise divisional managers and chief engineers on product problems as well as aid with design ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyway , a number of them meet here in devastating collisions . (Filtered Words: 0)
pass word when there was word to pass . (Filtered Words: 0)
For their purposes , oxygen and other gases were not drawn from the surrounding atmosphere through the medium of lungs but sustained artificially by solution in their shells . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the crew would be automatically brought out of their suspended animation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ciao , '' and put out her hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the letters were written in the hubbub of camp , on stumps , pieces of bark , drum heads , or the knee . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sound may be good ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
an Alumni Reunion Bulletin in April ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's too elaborate . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a rule , part-time farmers hire little help . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Is [FILTERED] put the cat out , dominant stress will ordinarily be on the first complement , the cat , not the second complement out . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I haven't the faintest idea . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s aversion to having Dr. [FILTERED] , a former admirer , seemed silly to him , but he would humor her , get anybody she wanted , the best never being too good for her . (Filtered Words: 2)
They said that we must not fight but wait for the Messiah '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually back in Concord by noon , there was just time to get partially thawed out , refuel , and grab a bit of Mrs. [FILTERED]'s hot broth before starting the second trip . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You can't go in that way '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What else '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hey , there , beautiful twin of mine '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then hang up fast and come walking on down to the Perrin address . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no justification for such misrepresentation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such manipulations are frequently encountered in his essay on the suppression of the monasteries during the English reformation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Telephone poles lined the road . (Filtered Words: 0)
Approximately four years ago , we initiated a dual ladder of advancement for technical persons . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rubber and glass face mask slipped from Poet's forehead , bounced painlessly off Nick's chin , then disappeared . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was copious in his praise of those that served food that was good to eat . (Filtered Words: 0)
The appeal is going to be to the pocketbook and may be very convincing to those who do not see its relation to political and legal , as well as economic , self-rule . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 (Filtered Words: 0)
And the turtle ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The man had come floundering aboard the flat-bottomed barge at the last instant , brandishing the flag of truce . (Filtered Words: 0)
Try some closeups on Southern blossoms to provide a welcome contrast with the many long-view scenics you'll be making . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only Walter Lippman envisioned the possibility of our having `` outlived most of what we used to regard as the program of our national purposes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
1/2 cup minced celery 1/4 cup minced onion 1/2 cup tomato ketchup 1/2 cup water 1/4 cup vinegar 2 tablespoons brown sugar 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1/2 teaspoon salt 8 frankfurters (Filtered Words: 0)
At Osaka , Mr. [FILTERED] had to leave us to get the train to his home , but Mr. [FILTERED] and I had an hour and a half before train time to see Osaka at night . (Filtered Words: 2)
At Yalta he thought more about the six million Germans who would have to leave , trying to find work in Germany , and [FILTERED] objected to the Western Neisse River being chosen in the south , instead of the Eastern Neisse , both of which flow into the Oder . (Filtered Words: 1)
Others added that [FILTERED] had wanted to turn the ship homeward . (Filtered Words: 1)
Respect for personality is a privilege and a duty for us as brothers . (Filtered Words: 0)
In your editorial of Sept. 30 `` The Smoldering Congo '' you make the following comment : `` Far too many states are following the Russian example in refusing to pay their assessments . (Filtered Words: 0)
He darted inside the stockade and freed the horses there . (Filtered Words: 0)
College teachers in Texas are not required to have the Education courses . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the basis of the long chronicle of military history [FILTERED] and his brethren assumed that the issue was insoluble and that anyone interested in a mission like Fosdick's was an impractical idealist or a do-gooder . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s hand here ironically becomes the agent of justice . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even if they ever did say anything about people like [FILTERED] , I know they wouldn't have dreamed of saying it in front of me . (Filtered Words: 1)
The staminate willow catkins , then , provide their visitors with both nectar and pollen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then they had dinner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two companies now had headquarters with [FILTERED] , who by then had his own drugstore at Factory Point -- the `` Northern Union Telegraph Company '' and the `` Western Union '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the discussion which follows , the time average of the radio emission will be referred to as the constant component , and the superimposed periodic variation will be called the variable component . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is there any way out of the predicament ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But it don't matter a-tall '' , Lord supplied fondly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything , thereafter , is permitted him except the love he remembers and has never ceased to need . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two features are immediately evident . (Filtered Words: 0)
The recent federal government's student-loan program is another step in the direction of making higher education more available to lower-status youth . (Filtered Words: 0)
This invariably effaces any wine's character , and drives its fragrance underground . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made many tasteless , irreverent and unfunny remarks , not only about me in the title role , but about religion in general . (Filtered Words: 0)
Back of clay scored or roughened for proper gripping surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
The temperature rose to 105-degrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one way the Institutes and Societies do a disservice to the schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here I was accompanied by Mrs. [FILTERED] ( Fumio's mother ) , her son , Mr. [FILTERED] ( a prospective student with whom I have been corresponding for more than a year ) , and Mr. [FILTERED] , one of the science teachers . (Filtered Words: 3)
She was quick . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hesperus and [FILTERED] '' , [FILTERED] said , `` show that we do '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
New galaxies are forever being formed to fill in the gaps left by the receding galaxies . (Filtered Words: 0)
A silence fell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing appalling or horrible rushed upon these men . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was furious . (Filtered Words: 1)
Observations similar to these can be made at each point of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , to Italy for a short vacation -- [FILTERED] , a place he loves . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Now they've gone , they didn't come back , and they didn't arrest that Dronk boy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any needy family living in San Francisco can obtain toys by writing to Christmas Toys , 676 Howard street , San Francisco 5 , and listing the parent's name and address and the age and sex of each child in the family between the ages of 1 and 12 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shore facilities are enormous -- Los Angeles harbors 5,000 boats , and Long Beach 3,000 -- but marinas are crowded everywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the C-plane we construct a set of rectangular [FILTERED] coordinates u , V with the origin at Q and such that both C and Af have finite slope at Q . (Filtered Words: 1)
Most of us brush our teeth by hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do not overfill the chamber . (Filtered Words: 0)
I haven't seen her on the beach '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The samples for liquid phase thermal reaction studies were prepared in Pyrex capillary tubing 2.5 mm. i.d. and about 15 cm. long . (Filtered Words: 0)
What Parker and his contemporaries -- Gillespie , [FILTERED] , Monk , [FILTERED] ( Tristano is an anomaly ) , etc. -- did was to absorb the musical ornamentation of the older jazz into the basic structure , of which it then became an integral part , and with which it then developed . (Filtered Words: 2)
With facts mainly in his mind , he was often acute in the matter of style , and he said , `` The young who have as yet nothing to say will try larks with initial letters and broken lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was disturbed by what had happened on the dive and by what he remembered of a conversation he had had the night before with the German , who had come out of the head while he was fixing himself a drink in the galley . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other than this very significant result , most of the information now available about the radio emission of the planets is restricted to the intensity of the radiation . (Filtered Words: 0)
That way I don't lose so much '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One such , in fact , is a rug . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , the goal here proposed is the guiding principle in Mr. [FILTERED] opinions -- to the extent that Congress leaves the problem to judicial discretion . (Filtered Words: 1)
The universe is a safe and permanent home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Paradoxically , the sales rise is due in large measure to Government efforts to slash farm output . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oslo (Filtered Words: 0)
He wants your ranch '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fragmented Society (Filtered Words: 0)
Dear heaven , no , thought Mr. [FILTERED] , turning away as another man came in . (Filtered Words: 1)
I may settle on some makeshift arrangements for the summer and wait until you return in the fall so we can work out together the best . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been sighted , and his attacker pumping shot after shot . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] traveled with the baseball clubs as staff correspondent for the American . (Filtered Words: 1)
Because scientific instruction and research involve increasingly large sums of money , an institution should choose its fields of prominence . (Filtered Words: 0)
however , the anode is still the part receiving the largest heat flux . (Filtered Words: 0)
That encourages rooting , and the better developed the roots , the larger and more plentiful the flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her speech was barren of southernisms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Only across a distance of time could the epic accounting begin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arrangement of the entrance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Question raised (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no dispute involving fieldwork . (Filtered Words: 0)
His eyebrow went up in amusement at his soul-searching panic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nonsense '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tavern , filling station , junk yard , rendering plant , or some other business may go up near enough to hurt your home or to hurt its value . (Filtered Words: 0)
The discovery struck Nick like a blow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] had said , `` You look about fifteen years old '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
For example , the Friday after Thanksgiving can be substituted for Washington's birthday . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when the stranger found out that [FILTERED] was on the way to one of his favorite bars , he insisted on offering to buy drinks for both of them . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Can I ride around with you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But that was only natural , I decided ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
-- (Filtered Words: 0)
it is subtle and rather bland , nut-like . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a wary eye on the farmer's bull , [FILTERED] of Montpelier and Mr. [FILTERED] marked the field with a red table cloth . (Filtered Words: 2)
Although there are landscapes in the show ( one of the strongest is a vista of `` Gloucester Harbor '' in 1915 ) , the human element was the compelling factor in [FILTERED]'s art . (Filtered Words: 1)
With his mouth opened wide , he squirted the warm white milk against the roof of his mouth and his tongue savored the light , earthy taste of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
If high accuracy is required in preflight leveling , it is usually necessary to integrate or doubly integrate the accelerometer outputs ( this also minimizes the noise problem ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
and August 15 , November 15 , February 17 , and May 15 , ( [FILTERED] ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Red Bridge Subdivision (Filtered Words: 0)
The story of a quarter of a century of Soviet-Western relations is vitally important , and it is told with the fire of a first-rate historical narrator . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is still the remote possibility of planetoid collision . (Filtered Words: 0)
in the double sentence the smaller the town , the friendlier the people it will generally be on the subjects the town and the people . (Filtered Words: 0)
He boomed a 280-yard drive . (Filtered Words: 0)
the sly female cowbirds took instant advantage of nests without sentinels . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's all up in the air again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know when my reflexes are gone and I'm not going to be any 25th man on the ball club '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had lost his audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
A rabbit punch redoubled him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why do we need bigger and better bombs ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Kiss me again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did not answer him . (Filtered Words: 1)
With the above results we can make the following remarks about the graph of F . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked a young mustached Frenchman . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pace of the talks has slowed with each passing week . (Filtered Words: 0)
If there is nothing evil in these things , if they get their moral complexion only from our feeling about them , why shouldn't they be greeted with a cheer ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
With this situation , it is difficult to sight in on the platform with surveying equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
For moments he stood in water , shivering and gasping for breath . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor [FILTERED] said last night he plans to name a committee to make the study and come up with recommendations for possible changes in time for the next session of the General Assembly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mama always felt that the collection symbolized Mrs. [FILTERED]'s wish for a little girl . (Filtered Words: 1)
Control of socioeconomic status (Filtered Words: 0)
She let him lead her around . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clerk's glance followed Alec's . (Filtered Words: 0)
Closely related to this function is the fact that the religious system provides a body of ultimate ends for the society , which are compatible with the supreme eternal ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least in Indonesia , Khrushchev found an American proud to be at total war with Communism '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The only way Fiedler could get back to earth alive was to fly the pulse jet missile and land it on the airstrip . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't much care if she were there or not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under scrutiny , two of the witnesses said , were payments and loans to Stein's National Maintenance company at 543 Madison St. . (Filtered Words: 0)
He skips around from jazz , to blues to boogie -- accompanying himself on piano and frequently pulling the customers in on the act . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the number of people flowing in and out of our metropolitan areas each day has increased tremendously since World War 2 , , total annual rail commutation dropped 124 million for 1947 to 1957 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the next day -- Sunday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of Scotch-Irish-Scandinavian descent , [FILTERED] was born in County Down , Ireland . (Filtered Words: 1)
At this point Mrs. [FILTERED] , one of [FILTERED]'s handsome daughters by his first wife , came from the house and tried to calm [FILTERED] as she tore down a no visitors sign and smashed the glass pane on another sign with a rock . (Filtered Words: 3)
The U.N.F.P. learned that its urban organization , which depends heavily on U.M.T. support , was most effective . (Filtered Words: 0)
Near the end of the Hippodrome I came upon the Built Column , a truncated obelisk of blocks , all that remains of a monument that once rivalled the Colossus of Rhodes . (Filtered Words: 0)
This joke was not funny to [FILTERED] , and she blushed , as she always did ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
As he made plans for the new Taliesin , [FILTERED] also got on paper his conception of a cathedral of steel and glass to house a congregation of all faiths , and the idea for a planetarium with a sloping ramp . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some recent writings assume that the ignorant young couples are a thing of the remote , Victorian past ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She had let [FILTERED] go with a chilly good-by , a chillier kiss . (Filtered Words: 1)
Where there is a victim , there is a killer . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had talked one other member of the group to stay with him , but that friend had tired of not eating regularly and returned to Savannah . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within [FILTERED]'s schema , the adolescent's delinquent behavior -- in this case , her unwed motherhood -- reflects her `` identity diffusion '' , or her inability to resolve these various identity crises positively . (Filtered Words: 1)
Miss [FILTERED] and her excellent pianist , [FILTERED] , often achieved the highest lyrical ideals of the lieder tradition . (Filtered Words: 2)
Later they would be hoisted into place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through the door , he had seen Mr. [FILTERED] walking around , waiting for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Once ( this was on the third day of school ) she kneeled down to pick up some books where they'd dropped on the floor and [FILTERED] looked up her dress -- at the bare expanse of incredibly white leg . (Filtered Words: 1)
Desiring to fill the only remaining lack , he selected the best site on the ranch for a chapel and spared no expense in erecting it . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the narrow fairway of a 508-yard hole , [FILTERED] whipped into his second shot . (Filtered Words: 1)
A man knocked the roulette ball about idly in its track , and another dozed at one of the card tables . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the eyes of those who still cared for such things , it was a reflection on his honor , and it gave further grounds for complaint to his overtaxed subjects , who were already grumbling -- although probably not in Latin -- `` Non est lex sana [FILTERED] regi sit mea lana '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am a carpet salesman . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is screaming at you even in the taxis of London '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has the power to do so but for the most part has left the matter for solution by judges on a case-by-case basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's ten o'clock . (Filtered Words: 0)
In contrast to the caravan of the previous night , there were only four cars parked across the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this is a public park and it's a city ordinance that the statues cannot be crawled on '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A nuclear pacifier of these dimensions -- roughly some six and a half times bigger than anything the United States has triggered experimentally -- would certainly produce a bigger bang , and , just for kicks , Khrushchev might use it to propel the seminar of the house of delegates from St. Louis to the moon , where there wouldn't even be any beer to drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
The odds favor a special session , more than likely early in the year . (Filtered Words: 0)
What do the pretty SMU girls like on their plates ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
yesterday morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
She pushed wartorn and poverty-stricken nations into prosperity , but she failed to lead them into unity and world peace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vacations (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus there are polynomials Af such that Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Contact (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the bellboys on their bench were listening . (Filtered Words: 0)
She giggled during the ceremony , and [FILTERED] , who was one of [FILTERED]'s bridesmaids , said [FILTERED] glared black as death at her . (Filtered Words: 3)
The Jewish section was in Trastevere , near the Tiber at the church of San Francesco a Ripa . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said out of her cold rage . (Filtered Words: 1)
The telephone rang . (Filtered Words: 0)
A flow rate of 72 Af was used and 12 ml fractions were collected . (Filtered Words: 0)
7 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
A formulaic element need not be held meaningless merely because it was selected with little conscious reflection . (Filtered Words: 0)
In several instances group O cells were also used as controls . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can see [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
And we can add that [FILTERED]'s interpretation of purgation is also one answer to [FILTERED]'s fear that poetry will encourage our passions . (Filtered Words: 2)
If life and death did not both present themselves to us , there would be no inscrutability . (Filtered Words: 0)
Palmer's dozen were honestly earned . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She told me he was in Germany '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He assures us , early in the Poetics , that all art is `` imitation '' and that all imitation gives pleasure , but he distinguishes between art in general and poetic art on the basis of the means , manner , and the objects of the imitation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first capability is represented by a combination of manned bombers , carrier-based aircraft , and intercontinental and intermediate range missiles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lastly , the speaker decried our organized program of emergency help calling it `` Civilian Defense '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question may be raised whether or not we are dealing with a common factor in anxiety and compulsivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
I may settle on some makeshift arrangements for the summer and wait until you return in the fall so we can work out together the best . (Filtered Words: 0)
All this was unknown to me , and yet I had dared to ask her out for the most important night of the year ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A `` mental image '' subconsciously impressing us from beneath its language symbols in wakeful thought , or consciously in light sleep , is actually not an image at all but is comprised of realities , viewed not in the concurrent sensory stream , but within the depths of the fourth dimension . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had caught , too , like an ailment , a confirmed distrust of women . (Filtered Words: 0)
The robbers run from the hide-out , take cover in a wooded declivity , and are shot dead by the posse . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got one of the menus and brushed the spilled sugar onto it and carried it to a box on the floor behind the counter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vandiver likely will mention the $100 million highway bond issue approved earlier in the session as his first priority item . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can imagine '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
One may be exasperatingly aware that if the answer is favorable it will be judged such only by those of one's own age . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Federal forces had taken [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] from the Rebels and were moving to take all the mountains . (Filtered Words: 2)
To give a patient the wrong type of blood , said the doctor , would likely kill him . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , off balance , managed to bat the muzzle away a moment before it exploded . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the evening the former Oregon State science teachers met for dinner at the New Tokyo Restaurant where I had my first raw fish and found it good . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prettier , she'd do her hair another way ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Fuming , helpless , he watched them pass him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of them are Democrats and nearly all consider themselves , and are viewed as , liberals . (Filtered Words: 0)
The soldiers themselves cannot stage a successful rebellion , it is assumed : but will their discontent spread to the officer class ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There were other shifts and pay cuts according to the way individuals had conducted themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
of whom shall I be afraid '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Slowly he pulled out the hand throttle until the boat was moving at little more than a crawl , and watched Elaine rapidly spin from one station to another , tune in the null , then draw in a line on the chart . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are tempted to blame others for our problems rather than look them straight in the face and realize they are of our own making and possible of solution only by ourselves with the help of desperately needed , enlightened , competent leaders . (Filtered Words: 0)
In New York City in 1958 , the city's Commissioner of Hospitals refused to permit a physician to provide a Protestant mother with a contraceptive device . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
British common sense is proverbial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , for junior aides ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The years suddenly fell away at this point . (Filtered Words: 0)
The aspects of physical development that catch the judges' eyes and which rightfully influence their decisions are symmetry and that hallmark of the true champion -- superior definition of the muscles . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stooped , picked up his ruined hat , and pursed his lips thoughtfully . (Filtered Words: 0)
Currency : (Filtered Words: 0)
He then sold her minerals to cure her kidney ailment , a can of sage `` to make her look like a girl again '' , and an application of plain mud to take her wrinkles away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both have blue eyes and short blond hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
That summer the gambling houses were closed , despite the threats of [FILTERED] , a gaming-card manufacturer . (Filtered Words: 1)
Most of the wines of Beaujolais , on the other hand , should be drunk while very young ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I know now why our Japanese friends were surprised when they walked into our bathroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five of the papers deal with grammatical problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All my life '' , he said , `` I tried . (Filtered Words: 0)
As far as I'm concerned , it was a separate matter from the general Committee study of Bang-Jensen's conduct . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm afraid not '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My God , I'm shot '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd been in an angry mood : Conchita had thought his face almost ugly with the anger in him . (Filtered Words: 0)
His standards are , of course , completely foreign to those of the analyst . (Filtered Words: 0)
These tractors are not entirely satisfactory for plowing , particularly on heavier soils , so you may still want to hire someone to do the plowing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bombproof was a low-ceilinged structure of heavy timbers covered with earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ran the change rooms . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Seven years ago , Commodore '' , [FILTERED] said impassively . (Filtered Words: 1)
In particular , tangents to C are transformed into tangents to C' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Good solid B average with a sprinkling of A's in math and science . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the inning was over he cursed the Anniston catcher all the way into the dugout . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wholesome activities were to be provided by many organizations including the YMCA , the Knights of Columbus , the Jewish Welfare Board , the American Library Association , and the Playground and Recreation Association -- private societies which voluntarily performed the job that was taken over almost entirely by the Special Services Division of the Army itself in World War 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He approached the horse and laid a hand on the stallion's quivering neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lemma 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
New rule no. 2 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
But as the tree passed , she lifted an arm in gesture of better luck and farewell . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's in Boston . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , with a reading public that longs for the `` good old days '' and with an awareness of our expanding international interests , it is easy for the Benets to obtain a magnified position in literature by use of all sorts of Americana , real or fake , and it is easy for the Steinbecks and [FILTERED] to support their messages of reform by reading messages of reform into the minds of the folk . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , Inc. , Kansas City , Mo. , has a do-it-yourself quiz game called `` Benefit Bafflers '' , which it distributes to employees . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is uncompromising in assigning guilt to the man who finds it necessary to inflict or permit injury to one individual or group for the sake of a larger good . (Filtered Words: 0)
Historians have come to recognize two cardinal facts concerning nationalism and international influence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prior to 1954 I imagine that a majority of Southerners would have voted against the Confederacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Space in any form is completely measured by the three dimensions . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Simultaneous adjustments . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Jewish section was in Trastevere , near the Tiber at the church of San Francesco a Ripa . (Filtered Words: 0)
He narrowed the shape down to two : either a Zero or a U. S. Navy type aircraft . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't enjoy family quarrels '' , Adam said . (Filtered Words: 0)
We went once more over every point , then triple-checked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not for years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore '' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then why don't you stop squinting '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She was the daughter and sole heiress of either a cattle baron or an oil millionaire and , having arrived in New York with a big bank roll , became a dabbler in various fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
The argon flow from commercial bottles was regulated by a pressure regulator and measured with a gas flow rator . (Filtered Words: 0)
He scrawled `` Sorry '' across the bottom of the note and then , against his better judgment , added : `` Don't you eat '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of kicking feet , [FILTERED]'s neural responses started her wheels ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Ed Donnelly is still bothered by a side injury and will miss his starting turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
A German informant gave me a sure cure made by combining rye flour and molasses into a poultice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dec. 22 is the deadline for Mrs. [FILTERED]'s return ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
That stupid girl might have gone off and left Francie '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I do not care if your beliefs take you along a path of religion or a path of labor or a path of activism . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` President [FILTERED] once again interpreted the Soviet proposals , to sign a peace treaty with Germany as a threat , as part of the world menace allegedly looming over the countries of capitalism . (Filtered Words: 1)
I speak of `` the largest possible measure '' because any person who supposes that these conditions can be universally and perfectly achieved -- ever -- reckons without the inherent imperfectability of himself and his fellow human beings , and is therefore a dangerous man to have around . (Filtered Words: 0)
A shine in her eyes suddenly became tears and she turned back to her husband again . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was married to him for better or for worse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grosse tucked the gun under the counter . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` For a minute , anyhow . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
They thought of themselves , to use [FILTERED]'s words , as `` the Argonauts '' who had lived in `` the Heroic Age '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , a self-styled prohibition officer , had hit town the previous day and had been drinking ever since . (Filtered Words: 1)
) 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Analysis (Filtered Words: 0)
You must've known I'd gone to get the sheriff . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the standard deviation values on which spread of the lines is based are relatively larger for those centers which begin to ossify early ( Table 1 ) , there are considerable differences in this value between centers having the closely timed Onsets . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other municipalities the difficulties in overcoming the financial burden have been sufficiently great to dishearten proponents of fiscal year changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
One is led to speculate as to why the empty space was there , left for our century to finish . (Filtered Words: 0)
Troubled , he continued along the corridor , poking his head into the next office for a careful look around . (Filtered Words: 0)
They also called upon [FILTERED] with a request for a look at her passport . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pope Pius the Sixth , at Rome , in April , 1778 , wrote the following : `` The faithful should be excited to the reading of the Holy Scriptures : For these are the most abundant sources which ought to be left open to everyone , to draw from them purity of morals and of doctrine , to eradicate errors which are so widely disseminated in these corrupt times '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the prepolymer system , the isocyanate and resin are mixed anhydrously and no foaming occurs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pre-inaugural position (Filtered Words: 0)
Assembly session brought much good (Filtered Words: 0)
As he started to slump over , another warrior swung him onto his horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am a great deal at the little children's Hospital . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So you're looking for a woman who married a man who might have lived here a year ago and might have been poisoned . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But he was president '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Ironically , these are the groups which have doubled or tripled their missionary efforts since World War 2 , , while the more established denominations are barely maintaining pre-war staffs . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] emerged from the bedroom , everyone was gone except the tolerant Lord [FILTERED] , who stayed and chatted with him for half an hour , and then [FILTERED] lay awake most of that night , despairing of what he must expect on the Continent . (Filtered Words: 2)
I tried . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that Mr. [FILTERED] does not make the most of his role . (Filtered Words: 1)
Although she found she was thirsty , she was about to refuse ( never , never take candy from a strange man ) when she saw the bottle was unopened . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] tried their best to persuade her to come and stay with them , and [FILTERED] and I have told her she's more than welcome here , but I think she feels that she might be an imposition , especially as long as our [FILTERED] is still in high school . (Filtered Words: 4)
The car was just about to us , its driver's fat , solemn face intent on the road ahead , on business , on a family in Sante Fe -- on anything but an old pick-up truck in which two human beings desperately needed rescue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another pause ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For a few details of the system the lines are 1-1/4'' '' X-Tru-Coat , a product of Republic Steel Corp. , and all lines are welded . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was done with great taste , was big and spacious , sumptuous as the dreams of any peasant in its courtly costumes , but sumptuous in a muted , pastel-like style , with rich , quiet harmonies of color between the costumes themselves and between the costumes and the scenery . (Filtered Words: 0)
The evening was not always spent in the same way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beer was brewed by the Babylonians and Egyptians more than 6 thousand years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anything at all ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
beyond itself , also , it evokes numerous and distant resonances from the entire body of Mann's work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remember what you used to say in the Army ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Four cuts at least '' , he chuckled to himself , `` and I owe it all to them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What happens when there's no more water '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , you can count on that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carroll diagnosed Mrs. [FILTERED] by taking a drop of blood from her ear and putting it on his `` radionic '' machine and twirling some knobs ( fee $50 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
I snuggled up close to him -- loving him -- thankful for a man like him . (Filtered Words: 0)
For that matter , [FILTERED] is rare , possessing the disposition that enabled him to put out the same for seven managers , reserving his opinions , but not his effort . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the care-free indolence of the East he sees the last reflection of the old happy existence , and for that reason he loves it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Weaving seam (Filtered Words: 0)
In the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in Figure 3 , the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was wise enough to realize a man could be good company even if he did weigh too much and didn't own the mint . (Filtered Words: 0)
A kerosene shampoo seems a heroic treatment , but it did the job . (Filtered Words: 0)
In regard to Eichmann , it was to be found in the Nazi outlook , which contained a principle separate from and far worse than anti-Semitism , a principle by which the poison of anti-Semitism itself was made more virulent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` At what university did you study '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Evidence of this trend can best be seen in the recent activities of such leading companies in the field as Advance Neon Sign Co. , Los Angeles , Calif. . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had general supervision of the work . (Filtered Words: 1)
, for Engine crankshaft speed (Filtered Words: 0)
He had brought it along to continue during the voyage . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Boston , [FILTERED] was winding up a performance of A New Way To Pay Old Debts . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then it added : `` It is not possible to determine how extensive these ill effects will be -- nor how many people will be affected '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The growers have strenuously argued that I should have accepted the Superior Court decisions as conclusive and issued statewide instructions to our staff to ignore this provision in the Secretary's Regulation . (Filtered Words: 0)
A slug had torn half of his stirrup-guard away . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the equilibrium sorption data which are available , it seems logical to expect that polyphosphate ions would be strongly sorbed on the surface of the dirt ( especially clay soils ) so as to give it a greatly increased negative charge . (Filtered Words: 0)
He called the bar and grill where he had picked [FILTERED] up that afternoon . (Filtered Words: 1)
But the PHS conceded that the new radioactive particles `` will add to the risk of genetic effects in succeeding generations , and possibly to the risk of health damage to some people in the United States '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The safe at Ingleside District Station stands next to the gum machine in a narrow passageway that leads to Captain [FILTERED]'s office ( to the left ) , the lieutenant's office ( farther along and to the left ) and the janitor's supply closet ( straight ahead ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
a billion peas would fill a small house from cellar to attic ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is probable that his recommendations will be informed and workable , and that they will not lead to involving the United States in an Asian morass . (Filtered Words: 0)
After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` ( dear Wife ) if I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] went down early , too . (Filtered Words: 1)
And there is one other point in the Poetics that invites moral evaluation : [FILTERED]'s notion that the distinctive function of tragedy is to purge one's emotions by arousing pity and fear . (Filtered Words: 1)
Surrounding it are metal cans of grains ordered from organic farms in the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does the mountain listen ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The first is compiling a list of text forms , assigning an information cell to each , and replacing text occurrences with the information cell assigned to the form of each occurrence . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was grimly satisfied . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to urging greater restrictions on aerial spraying , [FILTERED] called for support of the Wilderness bill , creation of national seashore parks , including Point Reyes ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Such , he implies , is the case with his friend , who is not really a new convert himself but merely a favorer of new converts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cleaned cloth must be protected against the redeposition of dispersed soil . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the United States Department of Agriculture's Yearbook Of Agriculture , 1952 , which is devoted entirely to insects , [FILTERED] mentions a site in Utah which was estimated to contain 200,000 nesting females . (Filtered Words: 1)
) In most sports , as in most walks of life , the angels are on the side of those who begin young , and the Russian competitor of 16 has at least thirteen years of training behind him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tolley had gone to live in California . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is much to be said for such a college -- and Dartmouth men have been accused of saying it too often and too loudly . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the return of our soldiers , it soon became apparent that the belief was not shared by the great majority of citizens . (Filtered Words: 0)
With their load of bombs gone , the planes moved swiftly and easily . (Filtered Words: 0)
That which follows will be a discussion of principles and possible content for an over-all concept of antisubmarine warfare . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington (Filtered Words: 0)
Soviet Premier [FILTERED] sent New Year's hopes for peace to President-elect [FILTERED] , and got a cool acknowledgment in reply . (Filtered Words: 2)
Of straight dramas , there are All The Way Home , which owes much of its poetic power to the James Agee novel , A Death In The Family ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , daughter of the late Lord Chancellor [FILTERED] and niece of Sir [FILTERED] , was offered twenty pounds by the townsmen to make peace ; ; (Filtered Words: 3)
And the policy officer has the hounds of time snapping at his heels . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were located at the homes of Government employees , in Government Offices , buildings and reservations within the trial area . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he didn't have any clothes on '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By way of explanation we ourselves are prone to imagine that this achievement stems from the same American Catholic zeal and generosity which brought the parochial school system into existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
All the additives listed here are sanctioned for use by the Food and Drug Administration of the federal government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ships from the West Coast rotated on six-month tours of duty with the Seventh Fleet , and [FILTERED] was the Seventh Fleet's principal port for maintenance , upkeep and shore liberty . (Filtered Words: 1)
These were his public academic activities , domi forisque , in the college and in the university . (Filtered Words: 0)
The habitants were to be encouraged to trade and were to dispose of their pelts to the concessionaires . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the evening of December 27th , Esther noticed my pallid look and rasping voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Free world decisions in this matter may spell the difference between world disaster and world progress in freedom . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] might well have been included , he felt . (Filtered Words: 1)
And she wanted desperately to see someone she had known back there . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it was because of an old Norberg inheritance that I got to understand them all so well . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , `` Well , those are the really interesting things , but if you don't like any of those I can turn over some of my extra typing jobs to you , if you think you can type well enough '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spoke no German but he could sing it and the words of the song were the only ones he knew in a foreign language . (Filtered Words: 0)
To support his large family [FILTERED] went back to the law after each spell of public service . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is the third time in 28 years of Junior Showmanship at Westminster that a lady Handler has judged the Class . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most realtors and real estate brokers talk of themselves as `` professional people '' with the cultural and moral values held by the traditional professions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Warmly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I -- I don't think so , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
All these -- potboilers or no -- provided a welcome breath of fresh air in the form of lively , colorful , unstuffy works well suited for the great out-of-doors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The report , culminating a year long study of the ADC program in Cook county by a New York City welfare consulting firm , listed 10 long range recommendations designed to reduce the soaring ADC case load . (Filtered Words: 0)
Palfrey petitioned the state legislature to waive the requirement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or a Protestant , or one of those amusing dogmatic atheists , or a strict orthodox Communist . (Filtered Words: 0)
That helped a great deal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hired , hard lackeys of the Warmongering capitalists . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
But the problem is one which gives us the measure of a man , rather than a group of men , whether a group of doctors , a group of party members assembled at a dinner to give their opinion , or the masses of the voters . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Kennedy Administration doesn't favor import quotas . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were sailing round the Cape of Good Hope ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The young married people ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I found his chest in my sights . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was , of course , no way for the other planes to get by them . (Filtered Words: 0)
File to a smooth finish . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the platform is level , **ye is a rotation about the Z axis of the platform Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the hour progresses , the sensitive seems to probe more deeply and to make more personal and specific statements . (Filtered Words: 0)
But before we can do this , we must first find answers to our original questions 1 and 2 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I am recommending additional acquisitions of the improved version of the B-52 ( the B-52H with the new turbofan engine ) and procurement of the B-58 supersonic medium bomber , together with the supporting refueling tankers in each case . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will accommodate firing rates as low as a half gallon an hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he told her God had called the child to Him , she rejected his words rebelliously . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] , it's the best-looking food I ever saw '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A blank undecorated void , plastered in roughcast , disfigured the wall of the Rotunda until 1951 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly not in Orchestra Hall where he has played countless recitals , and where Thursday night he celebrated his 20th season with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , playing the Brahms Concerto with his own slashing , demon-ridden cadenza melting into the high , pale , pure and lovely song with which a violinist unlocks the heart of the music , or forever finds it closed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is very easy to establish by induction on R that if F is in Af then Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You see , besides being custodian of antiquities , I am also registrar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hoag descended the stone steps to the street and looked up at the building . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dill's voice tightened . (Filtered Words: 0)
His luck had failed him , and it was easier to crawl off into bed than to get out and fight the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] finished shaving , washed his face clean of lather , and combed and retied his hair . (Filtered Words: 1)
Currency : (Filtered Words: 0)
Ideal for merchandising use , they are weather-resistant , and have mounting pegs on the back which fit into openings in a vacuum-formed waffle-pattern background panel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ah , the fair-weather friends of yesteryear ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Must records always sound like records ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Show follows ceremonies (Filtered Words: 0)
Alfred knew that , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
He appealed to us to bring his case to the attention of the authorities that justice might be done . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Af , the maximization being over all admissible Af and the integration over the whole of stage space . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a desperate effort to prop up a sagging candidate who has proven he cannot answer any questions about New Jersey's problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
The program came out of the NBC Special Projects department , and was slotted in the Du Pont Show Of The Week series . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last count , sixteen former Rhodes Scholars ( see box on page 13 ) had been appointed to the Administration , second in number only to its Harvard graduates . (Filtered Words: 0)
but I have no memory of that . (Filtered Words: 0)
The train had slowed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. speaks (Filtered Words: 1)
But there are indications that many developing nations will welcome Peace Corps volunteers , and that if the volunteers are well chosen , they will soon demonstrate their value and make many friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] led the chase after her and the other dogs strung out behind , many of them trailing blood . (Filtered Words: 1)
When Mayor [FILTERED] heard of the banquet he summoned Hughes for an explanation of why he had been dishonouring the police department by consorting with these felons and fixers . (Filtered Words: 1)
His voice had sharp edges , as though he knew very well [FILTERED] and he were not friends at the moment . (Filtered Words: 1)
The fumes of progress are in his nose and the bright steel of industry towers before his eyes , but his heart is away in Yoknapatawpha County with razorback hogs and night riders . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was called Kent House . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hesperus '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
nothing evil was happening when that pain was being endured ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Routine determinations were made for dissolved oxygen in the mixed liquor and for oxygen uptake rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you're goin' to kill 'em -- ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It has been truly said that anything man can imagine he can produce or create by projecting this inner image into its counterpart in the objective world . (Filtered Words: 0)
On his first trip to the finished structure he boasted that he had built a temple grander than Solomon's in Jerusalem . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Royal Lao Army , on the other hand , was paid and equipped with American funds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Refunds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then they took a taxi to Trastevere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beneath his black shirt his frail shoulders shook and croaks of pain broke from his throat , the stored pain shattering free in slow gasps , terrible to see . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let the media clean house , too (Filtered Words: 0)
Within about an hour with the help of reports from seismic stations in Alaska , Arizona and California , the quake's epicenter was placed at 51 degrees North latitude and 158 degrees East longitude . (Filtered Words: 0)
They went downstairs , loaded a tray lavishly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether it is or not , the propaganda impact on the free world of the document scheduled to be adopted at this meeting will be far less than had been originally anticipated . (Filtered Words: 0)
They tried to outface him , but [FILTERED] was as wide as two average men , and it would have taken braver men than these were to outface him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Adequate compensation is indispensable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two of three report gains (Filtered Words: 0)
Rep. [FILTERED] of Commerce is asking the House in a privilege resolution to `` endorse increased federal support for public education , provided that such funds be received and expended '' as state funds . (Filtered Words: 1)
His best mile to date is 2:28-:33 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned over impatiently and pulled the sheet over his head against the treacherous encroachment of the dawn . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm all set . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be a big hole in the ground filled with salt hay , or an ice floe studded with logs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] delivered the opinion of the Court . (Filtered Words: 1)
Whether or not this is done out of enlightened self-preservation , I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
During late childhood boys like to tease , jostle , and talk smart to girls ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
he wore a brown tweed sports jacket obviously tailored in Hong Kong , and he was of an age that marked him as a lieutenant . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the study of marriage patterns for this group , consanguinity produces the structural system -- a system of affinities -- which , in turn , maintains the system of consanguinity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pa ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Variations in sound velocity should be measured rather than temperature , because more of the variables would be encompassed . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I think she sought out danger as much as she sought out helping other people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whereas the maintenance rotary fund had in the past sustained losses considerably beyond expectations , the introduction of the cost-billing system plus other control refinements has resulted in keeping the fund on a proper working basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
We can all breathe more easily this morning -- more easily and joyously , too -- because [FILTERED] has turned the stage show , `` Fanny '' , into a delightful and heart-warming film . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was doing very well , too , having reached the center , and was pursuing its way with commendable singleness of purpose when Mr. [FILTERED] saw hazard approaching in the shape of a flashy little sports car . (Filtered Words: 1)
The recommendation of the Department -- as well as the decision of the appeal board -- was based entirely on the local board file , not on an FBI report . (Filtered Words: 0)
None has yet arisen under condition ( 2 ) , relating to referral to jobs `` the filling of which is an issue in a labor dispute '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he had succeeded well , we agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
press eraser of pencil gently 1/4'' '' deep into deep clay to allow vent for proper drying and firing . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wasn't quite sure that I felt enough remorse about my drinking , or that I would not return to it once I was out and on my own again . (Filtered Words: 0)
These men were without capital or experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
His broad flat fingers , petrified into massive sausages by years of bricklaying , snatched the bills clumsily . (Filtered Words: 0)
I need someone to go out and find out what's happening '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is to those who believe on His name and belong to Him that He gives His peace ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I want Captain [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Wing Commanders in the RAF do not imply survival in the future either in their orders or in their attitudes , to their men or to themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seed crops hold a prominent place in the agricultural economy of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
To set up a co-operative library system , the law requires a central book collection of 100,000 nonfiction volumes as the nucleus , and the system is organized around it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But that was war '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those in the public eye should be good examples of American citizens while abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a few seconds , she said , `` Dad didn't like Cappy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made many tasteless , irreverent and unfunny remarks , not only about me in the title role , but about religion in general . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alec glanced into the bathroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any alteration of one of these factors is distortion , although we generally use that word only for effects so pronounced that they can be stated quantitatively on the basis of standard tests . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a few brief minutes they had all been part of one little drama . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mail orders for the season and orders for single tickets at $2 , may be addressed to the society , 1044 Chestnut Street , San Francisco 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the Hessian troops sent here willy-nilly by the Hessian Government to fight for England in the 1770's were mercenaries , what shall we call the UN troops sent to the Congo willy-nilly by their governments to fight for the United Nations ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Something in the back of his mind was aware that the magnificence of the plan lay in his faith , that the idea would work because he believed in it , since his courage and virility were involved , because it was truly his . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he waited for her to say , `` Oh , no , I can do it , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He turned and bent over the body of the Indian . (Filtered Words: 0)
If three dice are tossed , a trial is one toss of one die and the experiment is composed of three trials . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I can see from this latest trick of memory how much more arbitrary and influential it is than the will . (Filtered Words: 0)
The owner of a public relations firm owed no income tax on payments he received from a client company and `` kicked back '' to the company's advertising manager , the Tax Court ruled . (Filtered Words: 0)
They call me Quint '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it would not be very satisfactory to leave our conclusions at the point just reached . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a 16 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reason and the day of `` grandfather clauses '' has long since passed . (Filtered Words: 0)
but no amount of head-tossing could make it so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ma poked her toe in the kid's clothes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sturley wrote to [FILTERED] that Sir [FILTERED] `` gave his allowance and liking thereof , and affied unto us his best endeavour , so that his rights be preserved '' , and that `` Sir [FILTERED] saith we shall not be at any fault for money for prosecuting the cause , for himself will procure it and lay it down for us for the time '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Although there are many sound reasons for adopting uniform and coordinated fiscal years in Rhode Island , there are also certain difficulties encountered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Goulding's platoon pushed back the enemy soldiers and broke up the timing of the entire enemy attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place the template ( Fig. 2 ) on the fabric so that the sides of the 10 inch square cut out of the template are parallel to the warp and filling for woven fabrics , or the wales and courses for knitted fabrics , and so that the same amount of fabric extends beyond the edges of the template on all sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meaningful policies include : ( A ) kinds of cars the state should own , ( B ) when cars should be traded , ( C ) the need and assignment of vehicles , ( D ) use of cars in lieu of mileage allowances , ( E ) employees taking cars home , and ( F ) need for liability insurance on state automobiles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elaborate studies have been made in labor surplus areas in order to identify sufficient numbers of local job vacancies and future replacement needs for certain skills to justify training programs for those skills . (Filtered Words: 0)
The end of Trujillo (Filtered Words: 0)
I resented them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even D. A. Wasson , who compared The Emancipation Of Massachusetts to the lifting of a fog from ancient landscapes , was also forced to admit the methodological deficiencies of the author . (Filtered Words: 0)
Giving the other a dark look , he hauled his bronc around and trotted down off the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early in the war it was not uncommon for planters' sons to retain in camp Negro `` body servants '' to perform the menial chores such as cooking , foraging , cleaning the quarters , shining shoes , and laundering clothes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The warning system immediately went into action . (Filtered Words: 0)
He gave his life for his beliefs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gasoline and automobile tires were rationed commodities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Shortening the results in this manner will not have any detrimental effect on the accuracy of the final result . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jones was galloping close behind them leaning down , cheering them on . (Filtered Words: 0)
she'd been picked up downtown , passed out in the doorway . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See fig. 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is a difficult musician to categorize . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some persons consider the work on a farm recreational . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they do that my wife has to drive me to work in the big car . (Filtered Words: 0)
With greater investments in plant facilities , with automation growing , you can't switch around , either in volume or in product design , as much as was formerly possible -- or at least not as economically . (Filtered Words: 0)
New rule no. 4 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
it was the clerks who caused the mischief and who made him say that the ruling passion of their race was covetousness and that in dealing with them he never knew whether he had to do with a Frenchman or with a devil . (Filtered Words: 0)
The luminous efficiency Af of a photocathode depends on the maximum radiant sensitivity Af and on the spectral distribution of the incident light Af by the relation : Af where Af is normalized radiant photocathode sensitivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The black [FILTERED] seemed to stare rigidly back at him and [FILTERED]'s eyes were caught by the [FILTERED]'s in fascination , and then [FILTERED] was shocked as , all at once , flames shot out from the sharp features of [FILTERED]'s face and there was a terrible metallic scraping sound , as if the large statue were about to burst from some pressure within it . (Filtered Words: 3)
At the end of the half-hour , racking his brains , thinking over and over again of Kitti , her friends , her past , he left the bedroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh he was stupid , her old man ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I think it is essential , however , to pinpoint here the difference between the two concepts of sovereignty that went to war in 1861 -- if only to see better how imperative is our need today to clarify completely our far worse confusion on this subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is far more difficult in many communities to obtain admission to an apprentice program which involves union approval than to get into the most selective medical school in the nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned around and said to [FILTERED] , `` I guess you think I'm a yellow-bellied hound . (Filtered Words: 2)
Gradually they emerged as men . (Filtered Words: 0)
In practical situations there will be restrictions on the admissible operating conditions , and we regard the vectors as belonging to a fixed and bounded set S . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since a lower loop gain and low-pass filtering increases the response time , a practical compromise must be reached . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are some even now . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I shall campaign on the [FILTERED] record to meet the needs of the years ahead '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Before that we lumber dealers were working almost single-handed on the problem '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because he copiously shed his own tears , and yielded himself up as a living sacrifice to the impersonalized conscience of New England , he was not disturbed by the havoc he worked in other people's consciences . (Filtered Words: 0)
As you have doubtless guessed already , the plot is plastered with Freudian , [FILTERED] , and Meinckian theory . (Filtered Words: 1)
The professed mission of this disaffiliated generation is to find a new way of life which they can express in poetry and fiction , but what they produce is unfortunately disordered , nourished solely on the hysteria of negation . (Filtered Words: 0)
) . (Filtered Words: 0)
not acquiesce to an international planning board . (Filtered Words: 0)
By these measures , Congress , so the Court ( in effect ) now decides , gave not only needless but inadequate relief , since it now appears that the federal courts have inherent power to sterilize the Act of 1875 against all proceedings challenging local regulation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
only to the other fellow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our comment was that this was `` featherbedding '' in its ultimate form and that sympathy for the railroad was misplaced since it had entered into such an agreement . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the secret itself was just as hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Trevelyan accepts Italian nationalism with little analysis , he is unduly critical of papal and French policy , and he is more than generous in assessing British policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
She also mentioned leaving a little bunch of flowers at the bust of Lauro Di Bosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Along this avenue which saw marching soldiers from the War Between the States returning in 1865 is the National Archives building where hundreds of thousands of this country's most valuable records are kept . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purified product was stored at -78-degrees in a tube equipped with a break seal . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had reached the three passive guards ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the final month of the 1927 season , he hit seventeen home runs , a closing spurt never matched . (Filtered Words: 0)
So far the platoons on left and right fielders don't seem capable of carrying the load . (Filtered Words: 0)
During summer vacation periods these records are stored in the office of the principal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The snake was hideous , and I remembered , even then , the cool , bright fire of it only a little while before , and I thought perhaps the boy had always seen it dead and hideous like that , and had not even stopped to see the beauty of it in its life . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was sick of it . (Filtered Words: 1)
This leads one to conclude , as you have , that there is inevitably more prestige in a management position in the minds of our people '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had never liked snakes much , I still had that kind of quick panic that I'd had as a child whenever I saw one , but this snake was clean and bright and very beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Industry sources are now estimating that 75% of the signs made during the 1960's will be of plastic construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Extensive osteoporosis with partial collapse of D8 was found . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was their conviction that the people should be `` brought up together '' , a grade at a time , until in some indefinite future some might be ready to tackle history , economics and political science . (Filtered Words: 0)
To create such a lamp , order a wired pedestal from any lamp shop . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we make it established custom that whenever butchery on the highways grows excessive , say beyond 25,000 per annum , then somebody is going to hang , it follows that the more eminent the victim , the more impressive the lesson . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if true , it was the case of which he had dreamed , the case which would throw him into headlines all over America as the hero of a great murder trial . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had queried in her soft guttural . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is to say , to concentrate on a particular crop or activity in a particular area at a strategic time , rather than any broadside engagement with management throughout an area or the State . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would give him an opportunity to take the measure of his chief adversary in the cold war , to try to probe Mr. [FILTERED]'s intentions and to make clear his own views . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'm honey only to my husband , understand '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
To determine engine speed for a given combination of the other three factors the formula is : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without these massive trucks highways would still be just an idea of the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
One finds it difficult to pass censure on the lonely figure who waited for days for a saving word from his zealously served idol , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Japan , since 1957 , has been `` voluntarily '' curbing exports of textiles to the U.S. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Per capita consumption remains around 16 pounds in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
He will discuss the significance of Christian commitment , the necessity of family religion and private devotions , and the importance of the membership preparation sessions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three agreed , but four declined and were suspended . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was multi-colored and graceful and he lay in the furrow and moved his arched and tapered head only so slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or I'll turn you over to the police '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
As for his finances , I was never privileged to know exactly how much money [FILTERED] had `` salted away '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The 350th anniversary of the King James Bible is being celebrated simultaneously with the publishing today of the New Testament , the first part of the New English Bible , undertaken as a new translation of the Scriptures into contemporary English . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I do not care if your beliefs take you along a path of religion or a path of labor or a path of activism . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I could use some help '' , Morgan said finally , `` but I can't afford to pay you anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just come along '' , [FILTERED] told him . (Filtered Words: 1)
After how many generations is such wealth ( mounting all the while through the manipulations of high finance ) purified of taint ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Helva's civilization was not without busy , do-good associations , exploring possible inhumanities to terrestrial as well as extraterrestrial citizens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Woe betide the interviewee if he answered vaguely . (Filtered Words: 0)
By relaxing the throat muscles and expanding the oral cavity well into the frontal sinuses , she could direct the vowel sounds into the most felicitous position for proper reproduction through her throat microphone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Direct method . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's why this company's important . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is still the sometimes complex problem of helping campers choose the best equipment for their individual needs . (Filtered Words: 0)
In six months O'Banion had boosted the profits to $100,000 a month -- mainly by bringing pressure to bear on fifty Chicago speak-easy proprietors to shift out to the suburb . (Filtered Words: 0)
With such a dream arising , at least in part , from the Protestant heritage of the United States and built into the foundations of the nation , it is not surprising that many efforts were made to give it concrete expression . (Filtered Words: 0)
A trained marksman shooting five rounds at a target , all under practically the same conditions , may hit the bull's-eye from 0 to 5 times . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sings (Filtered Words: 1)
It was no use . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather than from a first-hand study of Jewish people , his delineation of [FILTERED] stems from a collection of Italian stories , Il Pecorone , published in 1558 , although written almost two centuries earlier . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then Wally got sick . (Filtered Words: 0)
a review of the philosophy of Communist leaders by [FILTERED] , another real estate agent who became interested as a philosophy major at the University of Miami ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Her door was locked and the key was missing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Court cleared (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the Princess [FILTERED] of Friday's performance , would be a change for the better anywhere , at any time , no matter who had had the role before . (Filtered Words: 2)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he sped from the dark basement and returned to his room and cried . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a cold , windy day , the day after Kitti's death , but [FILTERED] paid no attention to the blustery October wind . (Filtered Words: 1)
the temperature of our homes is independent of the seasons ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Attention will be given in the next chapter to the style of association in the denominational churches ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Leave the clay on plaster board to dry slowly , covered lightly with a loose piece of plastic or cloth to prevent warping . (Filtered Words: 0)
I put aside my empty cup . (Filtered Words: 0)
Avocados , however , are very rich in nutrients . (Filtered Words: 0)
This conclusion is dependent on the assumption that traditional sex mores will continue to sanction both premarital chastity as the `` ideal '' , and the double standard holding females primarily responsible for preserving the ideal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , all the personnel except those few needed to carry out the performance of the ship , went into the suspensor . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were asked to leave the hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Must solve problem '' (Filtered Words: 0)
We run a respectable house here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not easy for the therapist to discern when , in the patient's communicating , an introject has appeared and is holding sway . (Filtered Words: 0)
In West Africa , for example , where meat is a luxury and babies must be weaned early to make room at the breast for later arrivals , a childhood menace is kwashiorkor , or `` Red Johnny '' , a growth-stunting protein deficiency ( signs : reddish hair , bloated belly ) that kills more than half its victims , leaves the rest prey for parasites and lingering tropical disease . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] stood on the veranda at the head of the driveway and watched his carriage as it approached the pillared mansion . (Filtered Words: 1)
He said he had not heard of anybody else . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this point Mrs. [FILTERED] , one of [FILTERED]'s handsome daughters by his first wife , came from the house and tried to calm [FILTERED] as she tore down a no visitors sign and smashed the glass pane on another sign with a rock . (Filtered Words: 3)
I had had no wedding ceremony , no witnesses , no certificate of marriage , but I had all the joy that goes with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Visitors are welcome to come see what these dedicated mothers can do . (Filtered Words: 0)
The replies from each individual town are not given in detail because the questions asked the personal opinion of the several assessors and are not necessarily the established policy of the town in each case . (Filtered Words: 0)
We know that in the C-plane both C and Af are analytic . (Filtered Words: 0)
I would call them the patterns of life , perhaps even the designs of destiny . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its groin was bloody . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man can be an effective fighting machine throughout the incubation period of most infectious diseases . (Filtered Words: 0)
One frequently has the feeling that the order of their movement combinations could be transposed without notable loss of effect , there is too little suggestion of organic relationship and development . (Filtered Words: 0)
He jumped to his feet and started to throw punches . (Filtered Words: 0)
The difference between confederacy and federal union in 1861 (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither Mantle nor [FILTERED] , understandably , will predict 60 home runs for himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Dallas and Fort Worth can vote bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or maybe poling up the south fork of the Forked Deer River braving the wastes dumped in it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A year after he was catapulted over nine officers senior to him and made commandant of the Marine Corps , General [FILTERED] delivered a peppery annual report in the form of a `` happy , warless New Year '' greeting to his Pentagon staff . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s Liberalism was above all a liberalism of the spirit , a deep feeling of communion with men fighting for country and for liberty . (Filtered Words: 1)
The weekly loss is partly counterbalanced by 500 arrivals each week from West Germany , but the hard truth , says [FILTERED] , is that `` The closing off of East Berlin without interference from the West and with the use only of East German , as distinct from Russian , troops was a major Communist victory , which dealt West Berlin a deadly , possibly a fatal , blow . (Filtered Words: 1)
Similarly , both types of antibodies were found in three regions of the chromatographic eluate , having extremely low , low , and high anionic binding capacity , respectively ( Fig. 3 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly , one of the best ways of warning the world against anti-Semitism is to demonstrate its workings as a dangerous weapon . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would say , of course , that he had not really had any such wish ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , I am convinced that if my company were a sole proprietorship instead of a partnership , I would have been even abler to solve long-range problems for myself and my fellow-employees . (Filtered Words: 0)
8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasionally , you may come across one or two bumblebees in the cold season , when you are turning over sods in your garden , but you have to be a really keen observer to see them at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the ancestor of all private eyes , was born during the 1890s . (Filtered Words: 1)
Is he swept away by sentiment and nostalgia for an America that was ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Their only hope of survival was to hold to the road and keep marching . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has made only one second-half appearance this season and that was in the Washington State game , for four plays : he returned the kickoff 30 yards , gained five yards through the line and then uncorked a 56-yard touchdown run before retiring to the bench . (Filtered Words: 1)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took it . (Filtered Words: 0)
particles of lint and thread in the mouth and nostrils . (Filtered Words: 0)
The problem is to disentangle the linguistic features of pitch from the co-occurring nonlinguistic features . (Filtered Words: 0)
if one shuns , they say it is because one desires ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
To them he could have been the broken bell in the church tower which rang before and after Mass , and at noon , and at six each evening -- its tone , repetitive , monotonous , never breaking the boredom of the streets . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the system shown in [FILTERED]. 7-1 , the accelerometer output is amplified and the resulting voltage is applied to the gyro output-axis torquer . (Filtered Words: 1)
The fact that even the larger letters weighed only 5 lb. each made it possible to secure the letters to the building through clear acrylic angle brackets cemented to the letters . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I had a rather small place of my own . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ideally , the President would like the French to agree on a `` status quo ante '' on [FILTERED] , and accept a new timetable for withdrawing their forces from the Mediterranean base . (Filtered Words: 1)
The long-settled areas of states like Virginia and South Carolina developed the ante-bellum culture to its richest flowering , and there the memory is more precious , and the consciousness of loss the greater . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Geely . (Filtered Words: 1)
It rested its decision solely on 7 , which reads in pertinent part : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
Fears prejudicial aspects (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll be in range in a short while '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He proposed a fresh theory of alkalis which later was accepted in chemical practices . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You know who the other man was '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Mantle , the bull-necked blond switch-hitter , had one sensational triple-crown season , 1959 , when he batted and also led the American League in home runs , 52 , and rbi's , 130 . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The best 2-year-old pacing mile up to date at [FILTERED] has been that of [FILTERED] ( Mainliner-Highland Ellen ) , a member of the [FILTERED] stable , who was clocked 2:25 . (Filtered Words: 3)
It required strength , bravado , daring to commit murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the date would try to bid her good-night at the door , she would tell him , `` If you go home now , I'll scream '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , when the accelerometer output is zero , the entire system remains stationary , and the platform is , by definition , leveled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dupont case (Filtered Words: 0)
Even more important , in his Poetics , Aristotle differs somewhat from [FILTERED] when he moves in the direction of treating literature as a unique thing , separate and apart from its causes and its effects . (Filtered Words: 1)
He shouted . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no sign of Mrs. [FILTERED] at her house on [FILTERED] , Ridgefield , Connecticut . (Filtered Words: 2)
His nose was tickled . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There '' , said Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A long book heavily weighted with military technicalities , in this edition it is neither so long nor so technical as it was originally . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , they hadn't seen anyone around ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Desegregation is beginning in two more important Southern cities -- Dallas and Atlanta . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had only agreed with Miss [FILTERED] about getting the valet , but he had actually suggested the photograph to Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
That's what was on my mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked , taking a final gulp of my drink , and handing him the empty glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
The academic dean should take a direct , long-term interest in faculty development . (Filtered Words: 0)
Except when you prepare `` do it yourself '' shish kebob or a lobster roast . (Filtered Words: 0)
As we looked more intently at the content of our belief and the extent of religious participation , we received the impression that many of the religious convictions expressed represented a conventional acceptance , of low intensity . (Filtered Words: 0)
It didn't ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There can be no doubt , the Boston of that era could be exquisitely cruel in enforcing its canons of behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
I myself was fond of him but what a young woman half his age saw in him was a mystery to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some interfaith tensions are not occasioned by theological differences at all , but by the need of men to have persons they can blame , distrust , denounce , and even hate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The duration of the digestive process varies , the pathologist says , but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper gastrointestinal tract indicate that Mrs. [FILTERED] died several hours after her seven-o'clock dinner . (Filtered Words: 1)
National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe it's nothing , maybe it's intraepithelial or in situ -- can't take any chances '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Merely having a mental image of some sort is not the all-important consideration . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a critic by trade , has turned her critical eye pitilessly and honestly on herself in an autobiography more of the mind and heart than of specific events . (Filtered Words: 1)
Instead of wanting to sock the poor bastard I found myself having a fellowfeeling for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the stock market , the normal trading package is a hundred shares , just as 5,000 bushels is the standard grain contract package . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ready '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Who cares about them ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The revised procedure was acclaimed as a long-overdue reform . (Filtered Words: 0)
So far the platoons on left and right fielders don't seem capable of carrying the load . (Filtered Words: 0)
The owner of a public relations firm owed no income tax on payments he received from a client company and `` kicked back '' to the company's advertising manager , the Tax Court ruled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Giffen lost no time in visiting the plantation . (Filtered Words: 0)
A couple of weeks ago , he scored a monstrous 12 on a par-5 hole . (Filtered Words: 0)
Secretion (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the narrower ground of poetic form , he felt that in the drama of the future the Greek conception of tragic fate should be joined to the Shakespearean vision of tragic will . (Filtered Words: 0)
We could put a portion of our strategic bombers in such shelters . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And never show my face or my truck around here again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most marketing people agree it is going to take redoubled efforts to satisfy future requirements . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe rather that it is due to the catastrophic world in which that creativity seemed to be the sole value . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
General Power would participate in the decision making . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a certain discontent among the cardinals . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the sovereign was not [FILTERED]' absolute monarch but rather the parliamentary sovereign of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Here and there (Filtered Words: 0)
Lucretius has remarked : `` The reason why all Mortals are so gripped by fear is that they see all sorts of things happening in the earth and sky with no discernable cause , and these they attribute to the will of God '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he emphasized that the agency must train people within its own employ to fulfill what Field handles , and he said he personally `` regrets very much that the agency has not done this in the past '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Evil , man , evil '' , he said , and that's all he said for the rest of the night . (Filtered Words: 0)
The half-breed didn't answer this time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among infants the patterns of emotional responses are similar ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A letter awaited her at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Oh -- we managed '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the visitors arriving every now and then there were , of course , women . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stiff figure in the corner no longer blocked his thoughts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The New York Shakespeare Festival , which is using the Wollman Memorial Skating Rink while its theatre near the Belvedere is being completed , began bravely . (Filtered Words: 0)
His brother ran a mile to get the father ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For exactly three unpaired electrons the coefficient would be 3.10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The AID has found a mantlepiece attributed to [FILTERED] of Salem , Mass. , an architect and woodcarver who competed for the designing of the Capitol here in 1792 . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is the ideal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hoijer's Athabascan and my Yokuts share 71 identical meanings ( with allowance for several near-synonyms like stomach-belly , big-large , long-far , many-much , die-dead , say-speak ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
One day , to everyone's astonishment , someone drops a match in the powder keg and everything blows up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , Dr. [FILTERED] says , a certain number of docile , retiring men always have been around . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now the face was his own . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- A Southeast Library Workshop will be held here Oct. 9 , conducted by Mrs. [FILTERED] of Summerdale , Ala. , author , lecturer and library leader . (Filtered Words: 1)
As only a member of the family can share in the innermost joys of the family , likewise one must belong to the family of God in order to receive the benefits that are promised to those who are His own . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let me say at the outset that the music sounded as sparkling on the last playing as it did on the first . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each scene is shot straight through , as had been the universal custom , from a camera fixed in a single position , but in the outdoor scenes , especially in the capture and destruction of the outlaws , [FILTERED]'s camera position breaks , necessarily , with the camera position standard until then , which had been , roughly , that of a spectator in a center orchestra seat at a play . (Filtered Words: 1)
Whether there were too few automobiles in 1940 or too many now is problematical . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
and `` Marmee '' March , like [FILTERED] , was the competent manager of her brood of girls , of whom the [FILTERED] had only four to the Szolds' five . (Filtered Words: 2)
) Badura-Skoda-Vienna Konzerthaus ( Westminster ) and [FILTERED] ( Deutsche Grammophon ) are both warm-toned , pleasantly lyrical , but rather slack and tensionless . (Filtered Words: 1)
Impressive as this enumeration is , it barely hints at the diverse perceptions of Jews , collectively or individually , that have been attested by their [FILTERED] environment . (Filtered Words: 1)
They are hailed by the nation's press , and Smith girls throng the riverbanks at [FILTERED] and refresh the voyageurs with hot soup and kisses . (Filtered Words: 1)
In exactly three minutes , go in that phone booth behind you and call Police Headquarters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hal knew that when that side of Earth rotated into the night zone , Sigmen City would blaze out into space . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was so ashamed that she hung her head when she said , `` Yes , sir '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Accidental war is so sensitive a subject that most of the people who could become directly involved in one are told just enough so they can perform their portions of incredibly complex tasks . (Filtered Words: 0)
They buy some supplies from our colored grocers and they are patronized by some of the best white gentlemen in town '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I grew up in an Irish neighborhood on Chicago's West Side . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went into a whirling dance , a sort of blind chasing of the tail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every doll in the house must be going with her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once the poetic arts are separated from the other forms , he lays down his famous definition of tragedy , which sets up standards and so lends direction to the remainder of the work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] speaks of his `` superb gift for intellectual friendship '' , and it is certainly a joy to see the intellectual life lived so free from either academic aridity or passionate dogmatism . (Filtered Words: 1)
You used them that time you painted the porch at our other house . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had admired him long before I talked to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reuveni took her with him wherever he went . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the [FILTERED] trial , however , the state's most powerful Democratic newspaper , the Providence Daily Post , stated that [FILTERED] was a murderer , a man of blood , and that he and his associates , with the assistance of Republicans and Abolitionists , had plotted not only the liberation of the slaves but also the overthrow of state and federal governments . (Filtered Words: 2)
All these materials and supplementary manure and other fertilizers from neighboring dairy and poultry farms made over 40 tons of finished compost a year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Physically as well as mentally I have reached the limit of my endurance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You do seem to '' , said Henrietta , impressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
we are reminded of this at the end of the next scene , when his theme cuts through the warmth of the love duet , again throwing a chill over the atmosphere . (Filtered Words: 0)
The way in which it transports its pollen is not so perfect , either . (Filtered Words: 0)
this mass threshold was derived from the detector calibration and an assumed impact velocity of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
A concentration distribution has been derived from radar observations sensitive to the fifteenth magnitude ( Manning and Eshleman , 1959 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I got no place to go '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is difficult to draw the line between stereotype and the reality of the jazz musician . (Filtered Words: 0)
No dates or hand-holding . (Filtered Words: 0)
He came up and was going to push at it with his heavy shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
A professor and the army (Filtered Words: 0)
Liquid fats from all these oilseeds enter into the manufacture of soaps for industry and the household and of glycerin for such industrial uses as making explosives . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cases have allowed transfer of claims if beneficial ownership is not changed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A jigger of dry [FILTERED] follows , and as the mixture stiffens , in go a hundred of the little oysters . (Filtered Words: 1)
What is new in the context is likely to be made more prominent than what is not . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the entrance side of the shelter , each roof beam is rested on the inside 4 inches of the block wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had sat beside [FILTERED] at the rostrum of a congress of Zionists . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] might almost be [FILTERED]'s bogy man come alive , a figure of nemesis from Pip's phantasy of guilt . (Filtered Words: 2)
This , of course , is baseball's most remarkable mark : The 60 home runs hit in 1927 by the incorrigible epicure , the incredible athlete , [FILTERED] ) Ruth of the Yankees . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cap this assembly ( with spacing bars in place ) with a Af bar . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] '' , said [FILTERED] , smiling , `` or I'll give you another black eye '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
The bride was given in marriage by her father . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] were puzzled and concerned . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Follow me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He gave a resume of the steps taken in order for the boy he sponsored to win the scholarship . (Filtered Words: 0)
The specification of the state of the process stream ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
At least I had been unable to lay hold on the experience of conversion . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was his wife . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the background lurked the feeling , however , that these pieces , beautiful as they were , lacked the utilitarian touch . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Matter Of Life And Death . (Filtered Words: 0)
While I respect his sincere concern for peace , he made four points that I would like to question . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , grinning , showing his huge yellow teeth . (Filtered Words: 1)
For a moment he felt like a thief discovered . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wore a long double-breasted coat of a heavy material , dark trousers , and black boots with buckles . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a restatement it makes only a small contribution to knowledge of Igbo . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was there , nephew of the young chief by an older brother long dead , in whom also the disordered chemistries of youth worked . (Filtered Words: 1)
The infamous Wansee Conference called by Heydrich in January 1942 , to organize the material and technical means to put to death the eleven million Jews spread throughout the nations of Europe , was attended by representatives of major organs of the German state , including the Reich Minister of the Interior , the State Secretary in charge of the Four Year Plan , the Reich Minister of Justice , the Under Secretary of Foreign Affairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
X-ray films of the vertebral column showed progression of the demineralization . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should a political subdivision , state or county or municipality , be required to furnish public education ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Note that though the ideal gas itself contains no additional energy , the compressed gas does exert an increased pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
it can be changed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The bottom planking is applied in the same manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why should this be so ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Although they journeyed westerly as far as Germantown , beyond the Erie roundhouse and the machine shop , and along the Delaware and [FILTERED] , and northward to Brooklyn , below Point Peter , he could see the church spire wherever he looked back . (Filtered Words: 1)
He saw the most action , beat up more badmen with his bare fists , broke up the most gangs and sent more murderers to the gallows than any other U.S. marshal who lived before or after him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will take a few days . (Filtered Words: 0)
The project is currently supported by Harvard University . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were married at a lavish ceremony which was duly recorded in Parvenu and all other magazines and newspapers , and then they honeymooned in Bermuda . (Filtered Words: 0)
that they can give up their control and allow themselves to be reactors rather than actors . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a war to stay out of today , especially in view of the fact that President [FILTERED] apparently does not want United States troops . (Filtered Words: 1)
He will be succeeded by [FILTERED] of Gainesville , who has been an assistant more than three years . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nevertheless , in another way modern historians still labor in the vineyard of the Oxford school . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] approached the place cautiously , and watched it several minutes from the protection of a grove of trees . (Filtered Words: 1)
There lay Grand Fair's [FILTERED] , his own young parents' graves , but new life and promise for his sons , grandsons . (Filtered Words: 1)
I keep thinking of a young woman I knew during the Occupation in Austria . (Filtered Words: 0)
One inch equals 2.54 centimeters : one cubic inch equals 16.38 cubic centimeters . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was the day it ended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan immediately disposed his troops for action and found he had not long to wait . (Filtered Words: 0)
In many passages -- for example , the council of boyars -- each section of the chorus becomes a character group with a particular opinion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s demand for a troika is dormant , not dead ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] couldn't help but be touched . (Filtered Words: 1)
And the subtleties of the dialogue are most helpfully conveyed . (Filtered Words: 0)
His people ( see color ) are angular and knobby-knuckled , sometimes painfully stretched , sometimes grotesquely foreshortened . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's simple enough from my point of view . (Filtered Words: 0)
Augustin Cardinal Bea , the director of the Secretariate for Christian Unity , has expressed as directly as anyone the new spirit that pervades the Church's stance toward the Protestant and Orthodox Churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Paperweight may be personalized on back while clay is leather hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had lots of friends , then as always . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the nicest thing about their relationship was her whisper to him , repeated some thousands of time , repeated with smiles and hope , `` People never live forever '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Lots of sun , lots of rest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , he told himself , let's put the show on the road . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suppose -- just suppose this guy was really what he said he was ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Not now . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew the only way I could beat you was to play possum , but it was a good try , kid , and I appreciate it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Replacing the discontinued Medical Technicians Bulletin , publication of which was suspended with the November-December 1959 issue , a section called `` Technical Notes '' was inaugurated on a bimonthly basis beginning with the April 1960 issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
His body pitched back and forth on the bench . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Senator [FILTERED]'s phrase , it was the most unheard-of thing ever heard of . (Filtered Words: 1)
As different physically as the tall , angular [FILTERED] was from the chubby , rotund [FILTERED] , the seven were striking individualists . (Filtered Words: 2)
To enter it , you go down five or six steps from the road . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actions speak louder . (Filtered Words: 0)
You want to watch out that you don't get burned to an ash , first sunny day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our companion was a huge , plain-spoken American sculptor who had been a sixteen-year-old rifleman all across France in 1944 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somebody'll hafta start thinkin . (Filtered Words: 0)
He can coin a neat phrase : `` a street spattered with an invigoration of people '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Wherever you looked , you saw [FILTERED] running across the meadows , some away from the road , some toward it , some parallel to it ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The principles used in making each arrow for Figures 3 and 4 were applied to the construction of Figures 5 and 6 as well as all figures in the Appendix . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shouted . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Midwest (Filtered Words: 0)
She is even prone to regard the college girl as immature . (Filtered Words: 0)
The editor of the Daily Journal warned , `` that if such a demonstration be made , it will not find support or countenance from any of the men whose names are recognized as having a right to speak for Providence '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It casts a spell upon them so that they leave with a feeling of having been in the mysterious presence of an evil power . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taking the path behind the Throne Room to the building directly beyond it , the Portrait Gallery , I went right at the end of it , through a garden to a small building at the back -- a sitting room furnished with low blue divans , its floor covered with carpets , its ceiling painted with gold squares and floral designs . (Filtered Words: 0)
They also instituted a ration system under which all employers in the Congo were required to furnish their employes with clothing and adequate food . (Filtered Words: 0)
The comic indefinite comprises an extensive class of comedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a reviewer , [FILTERED] generally displayed a judicious attitude . (Filtered Words: 1)
Urge them to write out their questions for the box . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] bought some scrap lumber . (Filtered Words: 1)
He trembled lest his piece should fail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s troubles are by no means over . (Filtered Words: 1)
age may be idealistic , believing and much given to professions of optimism . (Filtered Words: 0)
nothing evil was happening when that pain was being endured ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
How useful will it be to the public ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Finnegan woke up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Figure 2 , above , shows the aging properties of urethane foams as determined by the percent of change in tensile strength during exposure to ultra-violet light . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it has turned out , however , the excessive enthusiasm in the first instance and the loss of hope in the second were both wrong responses . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had unhitched the mules from both [FILTERED] and his father's wagon . (Filtered Words: 2)
He waited eagerly . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one who has studied the radical Right can suppose that words are their sole staple in trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no accounting of his movements in this long gap of time which covers the early hours when Mrs. [FILTERED] was killed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Look at the trees as to size and interest , the amount of shade they provide , how healthy they are , the problems of maintenance , fire hazards , wind throw , etcetera . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even life in harmony with death . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few hours after the son was arrested , your mother was informed . (Filtered Words: 0)
They try to play baseball the best they can . (Filtered Words: 0)
One vocational instructor in a city vocational school , speaking of his course in a certain field , said he had no difficulty placing all students in jobs outside of the city . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- and His exaltation to the right hand of God . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the old fool argues about the price , tell him I shall order my husband not to treat him as a patient any longer . (Filtered Words: 0)
All applicants were generally familiar with the work of the receptionist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Noted artist (Filtered Words: 0)
In the rare case where a corporation's only substantial asset , or its most important one , is a claim for refund , perhaps its transfer should not be permitted , whether the reorganization takes the form of a statutory merger or of the acquisition of assets for stock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's move '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This angry and exasperated stance which Patchen has maintained in his poetry for almost fifteen years has been successfully modulated into a kind of woe that is as effective as anger and still expresses his disapproval of the modern world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The town was about what [FILTERED] expected : one main street with its rows of false-fronted buildings , a water tower , a few warehouses , a single hotel ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
So persistent were these attacks that in March of the following year , [FILTERED] was finally moved to action , and [FILTERED] was to learn his first lesson in frontier politics , the subtle art of diversion . (Filtered Words: 2)
Loan amount (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] rheumatic condition worsened with the increase of the cold and damp weather . (Filtered Words: 1)
Its radar screens would register Soviet missiles shortly after they are launched against the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , there it is . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was nevertheless almost incredible that four years after Yalta there should be a complete split over Germany , with hot heads on both sides planning to use the Germans against their former allies , and with Nazi-minded Germans expecting to recover their power by fighting on one side or the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Barton touched [FILTERED] arm and moved off , up the river bank . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fixed monthly allowances are a controversial subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
But now [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Remember , when the little hand is straight up that's negative . (Filtered Words: 0)
For purposes of this explanation , this percentage is referred to as the State's `` unadjusted Federal share '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His talk turns to what he calls `` the mess '' , or sometimes `` this buzzing confusion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He refused his consent to the election of [FILTERED] as bailiff in 1592 , but gave it at the request of the recorder , his cousin Sir [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Muller , nakedly exposed at the bright window like a deer pinned in a car's headlights , threw down the rifle and turned to jump from the table ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
and `` Dancers of Bali '' on March 8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , singing with comically plaintive earnestness , carries most of the burden and is responsible for the high spots in [FILTERED] score . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` A journey '' , `` a little white house '' , `` a change of outlook '' , can apply to many people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet whistled softly as he looked at the gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] , implicated in F.B.I. reports in Communist associations , was one of the architects of the Morgenthau Plan , which had it ever been put into full operation , would have simply handed Germany to Stalin . (Filtered Words: 1)
The charged particles then repel each other and are also repelled from the charged surface , which almost invariably bears a negative charge under washing conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then she took iced lemonade to Marsh's young aide where he sat in the cool of the big trees around the flower garden . (Filtered Words: 0)
Add sufficient soap ( and softener if required to counteract hard water ) to furnish a good running suds , or if desired use a synthetic detergent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ' when ' you know ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Could you possibly have lunch with him today ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When the gubernatorial campaign starts , Caldwell is expected to become a campaign coordinator for Byrd . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. Peter 23 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] looked apprehensively ahead at the narrowing , precipice-walled gorge . (Filtered Words: 1)
The guard instinctively parried the blow with his rifle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Approximately 1.8 million acres of rangelands and 9.4 million acres of timberlands would be treated in this period . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was a lively part of the household . (Filtered Words: 1)
Off at noon , and she'd never come back . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can now better see just what processes provoked certain actions from me in the past . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maximum length (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , he couldn't help thinking , we're all getting old , getting small ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The color and shape of seeds have long made them attractive for ornaments and decorations . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is the stern guardian of the status quo who has raised the utilitarian structures of the age , and he is the revolutionary poet with a gun in his hand who writes a tragic apologetic to posterity for the men he has killed . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the contrary it is my duty to make my own decision as between the two '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Ulyate looked at each other and began to gallop toward the sound . (Filtered Words: 1)
Consider opportunity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dark forms moved like mourners on some nocturnal pilgrimage , their dirge unsung for want of vocal chords . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this was to be a `` proxy sitting '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I got her into bed , and sat with her until she had sobbed herself out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sixties' capital requirements (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As to the necessity '' , the committee declared , `` for some form of effective control of the size of the family and the spacing of children , and consequently of control of conception , there can be no question . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the chief victims of such an ill-conceived imposition would be religion itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The way you were careful '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the nonspecific staining by the Af in tumor sections was considered bright enough to be confused with the staining of small amounts of WTV antigen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an animal has frequently been the downfall of the rustler . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of the releases , however , are recorded at a gratifyingly high level , with resultant masking of any surface noise . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Union Pacific Railroad streamliner , City of San Francisco , stopped in Ogden , Utah , for a few minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
this brings a reaction of distress from Marina . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first place , a good many writers who are said to use folklore , do not , unless one counts an occasional superstition or tale . (Filtered Words: 0)
Red and Handley , God help them , knew the old [FILTERED] lore ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The narrow fringe of sadness that ran around it only emphasized the pleasure . (Filtered Words: 0)
the complete , in the latter part . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just hold it that way '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , despite his happiness , wept a little at the strange fate of B'dikkat . (Filtered Words: 1)
Is public education in this American democracy of such importance that no child should be denied public education ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
division five , by the Air Force followed by 11 states . (Filtered Words: 0)
at will , the voice of the auctioneer , the voices of the bidders , and finally the small boy who had been so interested in Mr. [FILTERED]'s hammock purchase . (Filtered Words: 1)
for navigation aids to give accurate bearings to ships and aircraft ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll even gain by putting your water heater outside the conditioned space , and using an electric range instead of a gas one . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is important to consider and experimentally verify this influence since quantitative nuclear resonance is becoming increasingly used in investigations of structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What a nasty fall was there '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
) Mrs. [FILTERED] , wife of the Secretary of Labor , paints professionally and helps sponsor the Associated Artists' Gallery in the District of Columbia . (Filtered Words: 1)
The two volumes are available from the publisher for $16.80 and $28.00 , respectively . (Filtered Words: 0)
He prefers to designate such schools as `` general '' high schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suggested improvements will be submitted to the Congress shortly . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is always difficult , or at least time-consuming , to get approval of any kind of line under a public street , as one example . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of their figures of speech were colorful and expressive . (Filtered Words: 0)
They may be unaware of the existence of lower-class values and consequently fail to take them into account . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Winston '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
There were unclaimed square miles of seating space around them , but he appreciated the kindliness of her gesture none the less . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Isn't it wonderful ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In working , always slip marker from one needle to another . (Filtered Words: 0)
And my point in this sad story is the spirit of the matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where before had she felt or dreamt or imagined such a scene ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] offered them biscuits with the coffee . (Filtered Words: 1)
They rarely spoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is one exception to the above statement as has been pointed out , and that is that fluids can relax by flowing into fields of lower rates of shear , so the statement should be modified by stating that the mechanics are similar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then she saw Ramey and her face was misshapen with bewilderment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , [FILTERED] caught it in time to stay alive . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Haven't the faintest , Captain '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Russians are all trained as dancers before they start to study gymnastics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seemingly , order is perceived as a kind of subsistent entity now covered by adventitious accretions . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's really quite fun -- as long as you like games . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is made up of tumbling , which might be said to start with a somersault , run through such stunts as headstands , handstands , cartwheels , backbends , and culminate in nearly impossible combinations of aerial flips and twists and apparatus work . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spoke softly . (Filtered Words: 0)
But not hard for very long . (Filtered Words: 0)
This love belongs to childhood ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We have learned from earthquakes much of what we now know about the earth's interior , for they send waves through the earth which emerge with information about the materials through which they have traveled . (Filtered Words: 0)
One pass only . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where it is not actually erupting , it rumbles and smolders in sullen resentment like a volcano , ready to explode at any moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only a very few of the more advanced ones , such as India and Pakistan , have developed systematic techniques of programing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The partners each bring to it unselfish love , and each takes away an equal share of pleasure and joy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shelter in apartment buildings (Filtered Words: 0)
But , how does one go about the job of finding and destroying mobile forces ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not the sort of thing most politicos would care to acknowledge publicly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of that agreement , though not by any easy road , eventually emerged the present world hegemony of the United Nations ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Go to a reputable grower , preferably a pansy specialist . (Filtered Words: 0)
The meeting will , however , afford a timely and convenient opportunity for the first personal contact between them and a general exchange of views on the major issues which affect the relationships between the two countries '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] nodded . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was forced to wipe his eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Pirates have a 9-6 record this year and the Redbirds are 7-9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This voyage was the first successful crossing of the Atlantic under steam propulsion . (Filtered Words: 0)
But what you haven't got is the heart to back up that talent with . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] was more than three miles away , down an old dirt road that the rain had turned into a quagmire . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Kirkpatrick version holds liqueur as optional . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such systems are expensive and are oriented geographically . (Filtered Words: 0)
particularly the scholarship fund . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , you'll want to use the softest water you can in your radiators . (Filtered Words: 0)
the 3 , T'ai-Shan in Shantung , East China ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` For now , it is clear that we were in the wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
and Bernardine , 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The x-ray diffraction pattern of the material , taken with CuK**ya radiation , indicated the presence of no extra lines and was in good agreement with the pattern of Douglass . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eating facilities (Filtered Words: 0)
How can we make sense of this division ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She grasped the chair arms and brought her thin body upright , like a bird alert for flight . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were free . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clayton choked , shook his head , murmuring , `` No '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Leave a card or something . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not this '' , he said , and gestured toward the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
From that point on he said he went to the post office and then walked leisurely to where his niece was staying , more than a mile away . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was 258 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked him if he took seeds from his own plants . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mama was vulnerable ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Some schools were technical -- the Belgians needed carpenters and mechanics to help exploit the land , and trained many . (Filtered Words: 0)
What was perhaps more important than his concept of the nature of history and the historical method were those forces which shaped the direction of his thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
One reason is , of course , that the new scepticism has been willing to maintain the general picture of the invasions as portrayed in the traditional sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus , the guy says he is trying . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a way , we may be witnessing the same thing in the sales of automobiles today as the public no longer is willing to purchase any car coming on the market but is more insistent on compact cars free of the frills which were accepted in the Fifties . (Filtered Words: 0)
objects in gold , ivory , and bronze grow more numerous . (Filtered Words: 0)
He remembered Clayton's mocking smile in the saloon when he had asked him what he would do if they brought their cattle to water . (Filtered Words: 0)
We will have righteousness '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A forest crop that has not been extensively cultivated is ivory nuts from the tagua palm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some have beautiful gardens -- some not even a blade of grass . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President cannot personally remove the safety devices from every nuclear trigger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Members of The Algol staff are nominated by the editor and business manager and appointed by the Publications Board . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
In the fairly brief but hectic history of Florida , the developers of waterfront land have too often wound up with both their land and ours . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the upper Mississippi the Illinois post was to be established near Kaskaskia , and dependent posts were to be built on the Missouri , `` where there are mines in abundance '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They're Japs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , can't hold the han' of my love ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A couple named [FILTERED] and Geely . (Filtered Words: 1)
Following observation of the fact that the reaction rates of supposedly identical reaction mixtures prepared on the same filling manifold and exposed under identical conditions often differed by several hundred per cent , a systematic series of experiments was undertaken to see whether the difficulty could be ascribed to the method of preparing the chlorine , to the effects of oxygen or moisture or to the effect of surface to volume ratio in the reaction tubes . (Filtered Words: 0)
If that picture gets around and I find out you had anything to do with it , I'm going to send a couple of my boys around to see you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the household market , there are also low-sudsing detergent formulations based on nonionic actives with about the same amount of phosphate builder ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , unexpectedly rapid progress or a technological break-through on any one weapon system , in itself , often diminishes the relative importance of other competitive systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
but since she didn't know we'd given it to her , there was no easy way of getting it back . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White Citizens' Councils in the entire state of Mississippi against every local Philco dealer in that state , in protest against a Philco-sponsored program over a national TV network on which was presented a drama showing , it seemed , a `` high yellow gal '' smooching with a white man . (Filtered Words: 0)
The planter aristocracy has appeared in literature at least since [FILTERED] published [FILTERED] in 1832 and in his genial portrait of [FILTERED] presiding over his plantation dominion initiated the most persistent tradition of Southern literature . (Filtered Words: 3)
Uniconer (Filtered Words: 0)
The figure in the corner belched loudly , a deep , liquid eruption . (Filtered Words: 0)
You see , I thought -- I mean I really had no idea '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
It was curious how the different visitors took this . (Filtered Words: 0)
$75 by 1976 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Steps should also be taken to link the Food for Peace Program with the Peace Corps , so that foreign currencies accumulated by the sale of U.S. surplus food under P.L. 480 can be put to use to pay some of the host country expenses of Peace Corps personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
First I've got to intercept my brothers before they get any deeper into trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
Regardless of nomenclature , yachtels and boatels are marinas . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it is this , particularly the establishment of archaeology and place-name studies on a scientific basis , which are immediately pertinent to the Saxon Shore . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is enough TNT to fill the tower of the Empire State Building ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
U.S. `` prestige '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] is as intensely vibrant as one could wish , almost an icy shriek threatening to explode at any moment . (Filtered Words: 1)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
What's puny '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In September 1817 at Fort Daer ( Pembina ) Dickson met the noble lord whom , with the help of a band of Sioux , he escorted to Prairie [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He injected more vitality into the score than it has revealed in many years . (Filtered Words: 0)
A plea of nolo contendere , followed by a nominal fine , after all is a small price to pay for this untrammeled license . (Filtered Words: 0)
The depersonalization continued as the dancer was further metamorphosed by the play of lights upon his figure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perier attempted to understand the problem by sending agents to inquire among the Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
If there were no West Berlin problem , imperialist quarters would have invented an excuse for stepping up the armaments race to try to solve the internal and external problems besetting the United States and its NATO partners . (Filtered Words: 0)
One day Alfred told him that he had decided to leave everything to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was able to make a detailed inspection of the waves . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have been desirable for the two communities to have differed only in respect to the variable being investigated : the degree of structure in teaching method . (Filtered Words: 0)
The volume was completed in 1950 and published in 1951 . (Filtered Words: 0)
After 1895 the number increases , and in the next thirty years there is only one year for which there is no dated poem -- 1903 , when Hardy was at work on The Dynasts . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got a knee up into [FILTERED]' belly , used both hands and heaved him clear , then scrambled to his feet . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nowhere in Isfahan is this rich aesthetic life of the Persians shown so well as during the promenade at the Khaju bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
The shock therapies act likewise on the hypothalamic balance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poirot and his counterparts are perfectly respectable people ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Take the pistol . (Filtered Words: 0)
The others were valued at $325 , $75 and $65 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inference is overwhelming that Du Pont's commanding position was promoted by its stock interest and was not gained solely on competitive merit '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Falling somewhere in a category between [FILTERED]'s theory and sand fleas -- difficult to see but undeniably there , nevertheless -- is the tropical green `` city '' of Islandia , a string of offshore islands that has almost no residents , limited access and an unlimited future . (Filtered Words: 1)
Neither are beds , thanks to air mattresses and sleeping bags . (Filtered Words: 0)
Surely there was a better word . (Filtered Words: 0)
A thick , crimson carpet muffled every footfall . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had exactly 20 minutes to get down to the test strip '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Creative prayer experiences (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was sure now he was dead . (Filtered Words: 1)
Use of nomenclature , symbols , units , physical constants : (Filtered Words: 0)
We shared the expenses of the studio , and we all lived within walking distance of it , in cheap lodgings of one kind or another . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have no religious feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was shouting and breathing hard and closing his fist on the pillow . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In response to your letter , I can in good conscience recommend my son , David , in the field of leadership '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will you look at George Rawlings ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Never , never did I offer him the exclusive rights . (Filtered Words: 0)
Afterwards you did well enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] would not rise to his mood . (Filtered Words: 1)
The soldiers who comprised the rank and file of the Civil War armies were an earthy people . (Filtered Words: 0)
This includes assistance in -- assembling the basic economic , financial , technological , and educational information on which programing depends ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Daniel termed `` extremely conservative '' his estimate that it would produce 17 million dollars to help erase an anticipated deficit of 63 million dollars at the end of the current fiscal year next Aug. 31 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Liberated Europe (Filtered Words: 0)
Military personnel costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , wife of an engineer and mother of a 23-year-old son , was awarded the top prize at a luncheon in the Beverly Hilton Hotel . (Filtered Words: 1)
The jury foreman , Mrs. [FILTERED] , of rural [FILTERED] , said that a ballot was not even taken until yesterday morning and that the first day of deliberation was spent in going over the evidence . (Filtered Words: 2)
If the barn-burner's family produces a Flem Snopes , who personifies commercialism and materialism in hyperbolic crassness , the Compson family produces a Jason Compson 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it gave [FILTERED] a fund of energy like that of a person inspired to complete some great and universal work of art . (Filtered Words: 1)
In this heavy air , however , that device did not seem to help . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other winners (Filtered Words: 0)
The ingredients of [FILTERED]'s novels and stories are by no means new with him , and most of the problems he takes up have had the attention of authors before him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Wilson stared at her . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not something that can be expected to happen now . (Filtered Words: 0)
The resolution capabilities of an electrostatic system depend on both the choice of magnification and chromatic aberrations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
Reinforcements came up quickly to take advantage of the opening made by Goulding's platoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a later chapter dealing with the suburban school , I shall discuss the importance of arranging a program for the academically talented and highly gifted youth in any high school where he is found . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- After 52 rainless days , moisture finally came to Del Mar , resulting in but one workout during the week for most of the horses , and leaving us with less than half our total average rainfall during the season . (Filtered Words: 0)
What we must have , if the United Nations is to survive , is as nonpolitical , nonpartisan an organization at the top as human beings can make it , subject to no single nation's direction and subservient to no single nation's ambition . (Filtered Words: 0)
The carrots sometimes don't make it through the winter ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He had caught , too , like an ailment , a confirmed distrust of women . (Filtered Words: 0)
We also know that the Saxon Shore as reflected in the Notitia was created as a part of the Theodosian reorganization of Britain ( post A.D. 369 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The preservation of desirable balance between the athletic and academic programs of the College 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In proportion as meanings are concrete , we can better rely on their being insulated and distinctive . (Filtered Words: 0)
A further example of the incompatible difference in personalities was when two policemen held up a [FILTERED] beer convoy on a West Side street and demanded $300 to let it through . (Filtered Words: 1)
The lordly poet was at low-water mark . (Filtered Words: 0)
He held the black plastic kazoo lightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who refused to believe that He was the eternal Son of God were termed Arianists . (Filtered Words: 0)
It isn't what the ideologist believes in , but what he hates , that puts the world in jeopardy . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was , of course , more to the portrait of a lady you carried in your mind's eye than the sine qua non of her virtue . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had long since begun to lose my general innocence when I lost my trust in you , but this special innocence I lost before ever I loved , through my discovery that one could tremble with desire and even experience a flaming delight that had nothing , nothing whatever to do with friendship or liking , let alone with love . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are lots of jobs available for trained high school graduates , but not for the dropouts . (Filtered Words: 0)
I looked back at pale ovals framed in the elongated oval of the car's rear window . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you know that he ( God ) is just ( righteous ) , know that everyone also who does what is just ( righteous ) has been born of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was again in motion and at a speed which belied the truck's similarity to [FILTERED] Ford turtle . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even so , [FILTERED]'s ambassadors can scarcely have foreseen that five years of unremitting work lay ahead of them before peace was finally made and that when it did come the countless embassies that left England for Rome during that period had very little to do with it . (Filtered Words: 1)
I stay in business so long because I'm careful . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is low when the thyroid is overactive and high when the gland is sluggish . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the use of students and future restorers , a full , day-by-day record was kept of all three undertakings , complete technical reports on what we found and what we did . (Filtered Words: 0)
He lost all sense of dignity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , we find his defense of the unbalanced budget more dismaying than reassuring . (Filtered Words: 0)
Evegeni Dubovskoi conducted an exceptionally large orchestra , one containing excellent soloists -- the violin solos by the concertmaster , [FILTERED] , were especially fine -- but one in which the core of traveling players and the body of men added locally had not had time to achieve much unity . (Filtered Words: 1)
she unquestionably assumed that the more he was entwined with [FILTERED] , the more likely he was to reward [FILTERED] richly upon his death . (Filtered Words: 2)
How could it have been thirty years already , she wondered ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Your acceptance will come through '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jet -- which I coupled with the Deerstalker carbine as one of the year's two biggest developments -- few significant innovations appeared among 1961's handguns . (Filtered Words: 0)
if inner lid is too big , trim to fit , allowing room for thickness of glaze . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of my fellow workers were grooming me for an office in the Socialist Party . (Filtered Words: 0)
What goes on in the cage will occupy our attention under the rubric of the organization church . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is an irritable rule that does baseball more harm than good , especially at the minor league level . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remove jar from mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , the Office's domestic trade program provided consultant services to those seeking information on establishment of new businesses ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Or the exception may be due to a particular durability peculiar to the Athabascan verb . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rabbi said thoughtfully , `` I would not want my people to get in trouble with the Church '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think that readers generally hate minute polemics and recriminations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Visiting the Earth would not be an offering of worth to those of us who are older '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
the unknown was so much worse than -- what dangers lay ahead for her ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Doubts thus inculcated left me floundering for a while and , like some higher critical friends , trying to continue to use the Bible as the Word of God while at the same time holding it to have been subjected to a vast number of redactions and interpolations : attempting to bridge the chasm between an older , reverent , Bible-loving generation and a critical , doubting , Bible-emancipated race . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you look at a reading meant for someone else , you will probably see that many of the items could be considered as applicable to you , even when you were not in the picture at all ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The preparations were elaborate : flowers , candles , incense sticks , rice wine , dozens of delicacies , and pieces of white cotton string . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accompanied by `` Master Greene our solicitor '' ( [FILTERED] of the Middle Temple , [FILTERED]'s `` cousin '' ) , [FILTERED] tried to consult Sir [FILTERED] , attorney general , and gave money to a clerk and a doorkeeper `` that we might have access to their master for his counsel butt colde nott have him att Leasure by the reason of thees trobles '' ( the Essex rising on February 8 ) . (Filtered Words: 4)
We of the liberal-led world got all set for peace and rehabilitation . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the sweet-smelling cumara nut , which is suited for perfumes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who saw his finished Pieta would take the place of the biblical witnesses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wooden butter molds and cookie presses . (Filtered Words: 0)
To have any success in this effort , we must ourselves view it as an enterprise stretching over a considerable number of years , and we must encourage the recipients of our aid to view it in the same fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
strongly colorful , plastic , racy , vivid . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think I can manage one more favor for you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Procedure (Filtered Words: 0)
He got her dozens of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kansas City , Mo. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Also the canoe '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It provides that the $1,800 termination payment each cadet is to get , after serving a two-year hitch without pay , will be spread over both years , not taxed in its entirety at a possibly higher rate in the year received . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the light of the facts at hand , however , New York Central intends to pursue the objective of helping to create a healthy two-system eastern railroad structure in the public interest '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hey , this is pretty close to a wart-hog '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , of course , he remembered now . (Filtered Words: 0)
His mind turned the globe swiftly for him , and he visualized Africa , which used Swahili south of the Sahara Sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was much the same with pleasure boating at first . (Filtered Words: 0)
Metaphysics is no longer a direct grappling with nature as it was in antiquity . (Filtered Words: 0)
they would be going over papers Mahzeer had saved as excuse for just such a meeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
I would have stood there and died there if left to myself , but [FILTERED] grabbed my arm in his viselike grip and fairly plucked me out of there ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
But this is not the real problem ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He said he could do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It especially bothered the older hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
This suggests that the sampling period , particularly at the more distant locations , should have been increased . (Filtered Words: 0)
It gets so frustrating , but then again I don't know what I could do if I gave up racing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the matter of money State's most unrelenting watchdog during the Eisenhower years was Representative [FILTERED] , of Brooklyn , who controlled the purse for diplomatic administrative expenses . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , at the same time Montgomery selects as his hero [FILTERED] , who is a militarist dominated by political ambitions . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was something about private feminine whisperings which always made him feel scabrous and unclean . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attitude flexible (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] also uses the training she got in an American home where she learned to polish furniture , clean corners , and work effectively in keeping a shiny house . (Filtered Words: 1)
He rose slowly and looked into the mirror on the inside of the closet door . (Filtered Words: 0)
While he declined to suggest , how , he said that sooner or later we must get rid of [FILTERED] , `` for unless we do we're liable to face similar situations in this hemisphere . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hatless , in an overcoat of rough blue wool , I was given a proud farewell by my mother and father , and I set out into the strangely still streets of Brooklyn . (Filtered Words: 0)
That kind of poverty was regarded as the exclusive property of the East , which created depressions with their stock markets and their congested populations and their greedy centralization of industries , protected by discriminatory freight rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was just adding this to his pictures of the day when the screen door opened and Pam burst out . (Filtered Words: 1)
He may be interested in another woman , or just like being with the boys . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the onion decayed , so did the wart . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or nearly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` With this kind of new product log-jam , the premium for brilliant product planning will obviously go up geometrically '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eyes swerved in the patronne's head , [FILTERED] coughed loudly , and the doctor , with a sforzando of chicken noises floating behind him , took to the stairs in long-shanked leaps . (Filtered Words: 1)
If he failed to reach the riverbank in five minutes , say , then the skiffs would pull away and leave him groping in the mud . (Filtered Words: 0)
) other deductions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Powerful hands had killed her . (Filtered Words: 0)
For three years he was connected with the U.S. Naval Observatory and with the U.S. Signal Corps ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
or to let the ethical be superseded by the purposive . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stumbled off-stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside the office windows , twenty-four stories above Wall Street , a light rain was falling . (Filtered Words: 0)
She might be firm . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why ain't you playin' ball '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the chaos on my desk prevented my being in the U.N. gallery . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tiny handful never did make the concert . (Filtered Words: 0)
He mentions the beats only once '' , when he refers to their having revived through mere power and abandonment and the unwillingness to , commit death in life some idea of a decent equivalent between verbal expression and actual experience , , but the entire narrative , is written in the tiresome vocabulary `` of '' that lost `` and '' dying cause , `` and in the '' `` sprung syntax that is supposed to supplant , our mother , tongue . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the meeting , there was going to be a party at someone's house . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although no national norms exist for the social development of children , the teacher can find a great deal of information concerning types of social behavior normally displayed by children at various age levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
Staff engineer dept. manager (Filtered Words: 0)
What I have to put up with ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Must have cost plenty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Music , of course , is not so explicit an art , but anybody who knew [FILTERED] knows that he felt much the same way about his own gift . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is our belief that this readiness to relinquish some control was evidenced by the Kohnstamm-positive subjects in some of the other experimental situations to be discussed below . (Filtered Words: 0)
The order to abandon ship was given , but cries of pain could be heard from the wounded below decks . (Filtered Words: 0)
I should be obliged if you could make other arrangements for your daughters . (Filtered Words: 0)
where would she go for her gardening now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The newlyweds building homes on the same land with either set of parents , and the almost exclusive use of members of the population as sponsors for baptisms and weddings illustrate this supportive relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next level attempts to weigh varied evidence and come to a balanced , sensible conclusion ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be a reaction to a percussive sound , the following movements constituting further reactions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Speakers at a Tipoff Club dinner dealt lavish praise to a group of St. Louis University players who , in the words of Coach [FILTERED] , `` had more confidence in themselves than I did '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
sometimes not . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gave him an affectionate smile . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Talk to [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The battle had to be fought . (Filtered Words: 0)
And everybody has some kind of grudge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strings keep souls in place (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you ever heard of Thuggee ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A Comedy In Three Acts '' , in which , under `` Personages '' , Henrietta appeared as `` A Schoolmarm '' , and Bertha , who was only a trifle less brilliant in high school than Henrietta had been , appeared as `` Dummkopf '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of course '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had raised a calf , grown it beef-fat . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had never heard so many bells , and as he lay there listening , he thought of her scolding him for his remarks when he had looked up at the obelisk and the church at the top of the Spanish Steps . (Filtered Words: 0)
The firm is prominent in making equipment for cleaning seed cotton , driers , and heaters , and they lay claim to being the first maker ( 1910 ) of boil extraction equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unless we keep our eyes on the horizon ahead , we shall fail to bring ourselves on target with the present . (Filtered Words: 0)
A careful student has suggested that `` In any new revision ( of the Judicial Code ) the legislators would do well to remember that the allocation of power to the federal courts should be limited to those matters in which their expertise in federal law might be used , leaving to the state judiciaries the primary obligation of pronouncing state law '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the industrial field , prospects for higher expenditures on electronic testing and measuring equipment are also quite bright . (Filtered Words: 0)
This shows that the minimal polynomial for Af divides Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ever since the hooch , and the trouble with the [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] and the child . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Just say he likes swimming , tennis , chess and music '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You about ready '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The rest of Black Bottom was a rabbit [FILTERED] of homes in every condition of neglect , disrepair and careful upkeep . (Filtered Words: 1)
With respect to skywave service rendered at night , class 1 , -- A stations are the only stations permitted to operate in the United States on clear channels specified for class 1 , -- A operation , and so render skywave service free from cochannel interference whereever they may be received ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you estimated your sales manpower needs for the future ( both quantitatively and qualitatively ) ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That means that , if we are to achieve a new standard of leadership , we must think in terms of the total context of our situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
To prepare mustard cream , blend mustard with enough water to make a thin paste . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it wasn't a violent discussion . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd have been more impressed if I hadn't remembered that she'd played [FILTERED] in her highschool dramatics course . (Filtered Words: 1)
And if the foreigners fighting in the Katanga Army are mercenaries then Lafayette and [FILTERED] were mercenaries too , as were also the members of [FILTERED] in the early part of World War 1 , and of Chennault's Flying Tigers in the early days of World War 2 . (Filtered Words: 2)
Oh , no-o ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
For the remainder of the movie , Chancellor Neitzbohr proceeds to lash the piano stool with a slat from a Venetian blind that used to hang in the pre-war Reichstag . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are segregated businesses , combining again on one site the factory and the office , drawing their work force from segregated communities . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is manic as a man '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Definite information on the growth of senile individuals is lacking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Worst of all , [FILTERED] had no training for any kind of work . (Filtered Words: 1)
The second test mailing ( to 100 companies ) was made in July , 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
On April 11th he wrote an open letter in The Advocate , making it known `` to the world that Jas. [FILTERED] is by his own admission a base liar and a slanderer '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was snarling now . (Filtered Words: 1)
he is not an eccentric but rather an outcast . (Filtered Words: 0)
The methods and results of this comparative analysis are described in [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mary decided she had had enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'd have to wait till [FILTERED]'s back from Mexico City and also while I set it up with [FILTERED] to have her have an alibi for D-night . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] terrifies Pip into stealing a pork pie for him by creating the image in the boy's imagination of a bogy man who may `` softly creep his way to him and tear him open '' , `` imbruing his hands '' in him . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` My father is a sergeant of detectives and has been attached to Homicide for five years . (Filtered Words: 0)
These would be paid for out of general , not payroll , taxes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wilson stared at her . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are even motels for local weather peculiarities in Shamrock , Tex. , as I discovered . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You own this place '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The x-ray diffraction pattern of the material , taken with CuK**ya radiation , indicated the presence of no extra lines and was in good agreement with the pattern of Douglass . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I feel I must answer the question '' , he said , `` since the onus later , if any , should fall on me -- I don't relish recriminations spread broadcast outside my family . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , if one accelerometer is properly aligned , the other is also . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus we are compelled to face the urbanization of the South -- an urbanization which , despite its dramatic and overwhelming effects upon the Southern culture , has been utterly ignored by the bulk of Southern writers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again and again it asked the Communists to `` freeze '' the military situation in Laos . (Filtered Words: 0)
A more dangerous formula for national frustration cannot be imagined . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bayreuth Festival opens July 23 with a new production of `` Tannhaeuser '' staged by [FILTERED] , who is doing all the operas this time , and conducted by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Our research and development program , serving as it does an industry which must compete against low-cost production throughout the world , continues to have primary emphasis at Leesona . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Both because of our culture's stress on beauty and our improved economic conditions , some parents demand that the dentist try to correct a problem before it is wise to do so . (Filtered Words: 0)
it removes forever from the tax rolls property which should be taxed to pay for the city services . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] would be amazed to find him gone . (Filtered Words: 1)
Close to a large city they might even specify the size of the nails used ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish to make Jesus an authentic Jew . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a paradise for hunters . (Filtered Words: 0)
We must justify our heritage . (Filtered Words: 0)
The desire to substantiate a thesis at the expense of sound research technique smacks more of the propagandist than the historian . (Filtered Words: 0)
The $9.50 for lodging they save . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything would be all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just a few more steps . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's used to me bringing home strange men . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had caught her coming out of the shack . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a low voice , almost whispering , the man had asked [FILTERED] if he was happy with the way the landlord had been taken off his back . (Filtered Words: 1)
An auto overturned , skidding into a stopped tractor-trailer and burst into flames near Snellville , the patrol said . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wanted the State Democratic Executive Committee to pick the `` serious candidates '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the time he was prosperous enough -- his goals were high -- he was bald and afraid of women . (Filtered Words: 0)
Confronted with this situation , most libraries either endure the severe limitations of their budgets and do what they can with what they have , or else depend on the bounty of patrons and local governments to supplement their annual funds . (Filtered Words: 0)
It removes our present expression and shows that the badness we meant would not be affected by this , whereas on positivist grounds it should be . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was not enough room to make the usual vertical bomb run . (Filtered Words: 0)
He then sold her some capsules that he asserted would take care of the tumors and cysts until she could collect the money for buying his machine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably the last of the original Island Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once these conditions of international law are met , countries that try to run the blockade do so at their own risk . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] probably preached too much in the early days when the kid wanted to pop his bubble gum and sow his oats . (Filtered Words: 1)
The jobless huddled in the streets outside of employment offices , outside newspaper buildings , in parks , in relief lines , outside government agencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' With music and lyrics by [FILTERED] , directed by [FILTERED] , choreography by [FILTERED] , musical direction by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
He said he was the lonely type and working in a cellar you saw funny things coming out of the cracks in the wall if they wasn't nobody with you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The seventeen men stood and stared at him for a moment longer . (Filtered Words: 0)
They say it helps them bring back into schools the spiritual and moral values on which this country was built . (Filtered Words: 0)
It cuts the lumber dealer's cost because it takes only one man -- the driver -- to unload it , and because it unloads in a fraction of the time and at a fraction of the cost of hand unloading . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whichever the way , he would rot in this vast choking green , his wife never to receive an urn of his ashes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sounds of an animal in rage and despair . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to these activities , the NAEBM , with headquarters at 420 Lexington Avenue , New York City , as well as other associations and individual manufacturers , provide and distribute films , booklets , and public services in regard to proper boat handling and safety afloat . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thunk was louder , anyway , and I thought I heard bone crack . (Filtered Words: 0)
You look quite strong and healthy to me , Dandy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody said anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , her voice rising . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stilts and Shadow , on Pam's bed , appeared to be one cat -- rather large , as Siamese cats go , and , to be sure , having two heads and two tails . (Filtered Words: 0)
His problem concerns longitudes , latitudes , and angular velocities . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 12 months ended in February , 1961 , this highway earned 93 per cent of its interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 , (Filtered Words: 0)
Come on now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mackey Airline's new Sunshine Inn at [FILTERED] set to open some time this month , according to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
For the first three weeks , the ship skirted up the east coast of Great Britain , then turned westward . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us work through an example , and the simpler and commoner the better . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's a kind of agreement in which each party gives something to the other '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Every piece of the nightmare was clear , in place ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She didn't like to travel . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Under arms day and night , watch and watch about . (Filtered Words: 0)
As [FILTERED] has remarked : `` The critical methods of the nineteenth century shattered most of this picturesque narrative . (Filtered Words: 1)
Can we discover what it is in Utopia that has evoked this response ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Consequently , both the rake angle of the knife as well as the friction occurring between the back of the removed coating and the front of the knife will determine in large part the detailed mechanism of the cutting removal process . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is to say that this was not a course in wise buying or money spending methods , nor a course in how to raise children . (Filtered Words: 0)
His father was a constant visitor . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a boy in a local school he was shy and solitary , absorbed in his fondness for nature and his visions of Sweden's ancient glory . (Filtered Words: 0)
That means that , if we are to achieve a new standard of leadership , we must think in terms of the total context of our situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such `` depletion allowances '' , in the form of percentages of sales are authorized by tax law for specified raw materials producers using up their assets . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The Bible forbids us to bow down to or to make graven images . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it is not unlikely that , even as the great Bach lay dormant for so many years , so has the erudite , ingenious SalFininistas passed through his `` purgatory '' of neglect . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their book , American Skyline , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] argue that [FILTERED] New Deal was what made the modern suburb a possibility -- a fine ironical argument , when you consider how suburbanites tend to vote . (Filtered Words: 3)
A primary ingredient in these fields is imagination , and Tri-State Pipeline Corporation deserves a very good mark . (Filtered Words: 0)
The habitants were to be encouraged to trade and were to dispose of their pelts to the concessionaires . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Somebody beat us to it '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His religious beliefs provide him with plausible explanations for many conditions which cause him great concern , and his religious faith makes possible fortitude , equanimity , and consolation , enabling him to endure colossal misfortune , fear , frustration , uncertainty , suffering , evil , and danger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe you likee date with me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Latter domain , under the guidance of Chef [FILTERED] , will specialize in steaks , chops , chicken and prime beef as well as [FILTERED]'s favorite dish , stuffed shrimp . (Filtered Words: 2)
Often , too , the social institutions are housed in these pavilions and palaces and bridges , for these great structures are not simply `` historical monuments '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Every day . (Filtered Words: 0)
The United States can use its aid as an incentive to self-help by responding with aid on a sustained basis , tailored to priority needs , to those countries making serious efforts in self-help . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White Citizens' Councils in the entire state of Mississippi against every local Philco dealer in that state , in protest against a Philco-sponsored program over a national TV network on which was presented a drama showing , it seemed , a `` high yellow gal '' smooching with a white man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before the fight was over , the Harlem boy had a concussion and [FILTERED] was cut up badly . (Filtered Words: 1)
( I ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Maple syrup is made by the children in the woods on the school grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
If , the editors sometimes , dozed and printed pretentious , New , York-mind , dross , they , also printed , [FILTERED] , , Silone , , Chiaromonte , , Gide , [FILTERED] , , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , , and a host of , other good writers . (Filtered Words: 9)
There would be no halos , no angels . (Filtered Words: 0)
It can be seen too that when we contrast levels of compulsivity within the structured schools , the high compulsive children do better ( Af ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sounds like what you're after '' , he said when Hank had finished . (Filtered Words: 0)
They danced the paxam wildly at night , the war dance , and dipped their arrowheads in the venom of rattlesnakes and rode their horses in swift maneuvers , firing their few guns in unison at some indeterminate signal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boatel has a similar meaning to yachtel . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the Af bond is linear then there are three reasonable positions for the hydrogen atoms : ( 1 ) The hydrogen atoms are centered and hence all lie on a sheet midway between the oxygen sheets ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One person she helped was my brother . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his mood , it was the best way to handle him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now when [FILTERED] has completed four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No. 1 , the professor allows him about a five-minute rest period before starting him on four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No. 2 . (Filtered Words: 1)
She is adept at skeet shooting , trout fishing , Afro-Cuban and Oriental dancing and Southwestern archaeology . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another public interest group is the commission of laymen or educators which is appointed to study an educational problem and to make recommendations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The presence of the two exhaust fans seemed to indicate that the hall could become crowded for air . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two walls of concrete blocks are constructed at least 20 inches apart . (Filtered Words: 0)
And by a skillful and unobtrusive use of imagery ( the enclosure is called a `` Roman-camp stockade '' , the hastily erected lean-to is a `` Babylonian hovel '' , the men begin to look like `` Peruvian mummies '' and to acquire `` Gothic faces '' ) , [FILTERED] projects a fresco of human endurance -- which is also the endurance of the human -- stretching backward into the dark abyss of time . (Filtered Words: 1)
At last the White House is going to get some much-copied furniture by that master American craftsman , [FILTERED] , whose designs were snubbed in his lifetime when the U. S. Presidents of the 19th Century sent abroad for their furnishings . (Filtered Words: 1)
The connective system , or network , is tailored to meet the requirements of the objective , and it is therefore not surprising that a military body acting as a single coordinated unit has a different communication network than a factory , a college , or a rural village . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's what I mean about you , [FILTERED] '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 1)
See half of 'em in their graves before I choose my own coffin . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 (Filtered Words: 0)
By varying the formula , this curve may be moved forward or backward along the coordinates to produce any desired compression strength / density ratio . (Filtered Words: 0)
With classical art , all is settled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The times I can recall when I was publicly humiliated by him -- lovely dinner parties in our Trianon Suite where the collation was postponed and postponed and postponed , only to be served dry and overcooked at a table where the host's chair was vacant ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
By virtue of the legal responsibilities of the Department of Employment in the farm placement program , we necessarily found ourselves in the middle between these two forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] chewed his gum , his jaw moving in a steady rhythm . (Filtered Words: 1)
Time stood still for these people , and their load of pleasure was so commingled with the shocks and pains of the dromozoa that the words of the Lady Da took on very remote meaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , some -- Anzilotti is the principle example -- went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm , Pacta sunt Servanda . (Filtered Words: 0)
But although the idea of communism is very old even in More's day and did not spring full-clad from his imagination in 1515 , it is not communism as such that we are concerned with . (Filtered Words: 0)
I been riding train for a ways now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether fan of the Pagnol films or stage show , whether partial to music or not , you can't help but derive joy from this picture if you have a sense of humor and a heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morse said Borden let him out and locked the screen door . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Some are so filled with gratitude , for the gift of life and the love of God , that their joy spills out on the paper and brightens the lives of thousands whom they have never known , and will never see . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , I rise today to pay tribute to a great newspaper , the New York Times , on the occasion of a major change in its top executive command . (Filtered Words: 1)
And I select this sentence as its pertinent summation : `` in essence the drama of his ( [FILTERED]'s ) Presidency can be described as the ordeal of a nation turned conservative and struggling -- thus far with but limited and precarious success -- to give effective voice and force to that conservatism '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
and it is evidenced in the prayers offered , in the frequent religious allusions , and in the confirmation of points on religious grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
D'Artaguette went vigorously to work , and gave credit to many hunters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Venn and others have dealt with sports and pastimes at Cambridge in Milton's day with not very specific results . (Filtered Words: 0)
Legislators weary (Filtered Words: 0)
Calcium hydride was substituted for Af as a drying agent for carbon tetrachloride . (Filtered Words: 0)
they remained rough starting points . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just dropped in to ask where [FILTERED] lives . (Filtered Words: 1)
Isn't this Felice's street '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , it remained one of the most splendid churches of the Eastern Empire , where the Byzantine Emperors were crowned . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Rawson , using a stepwise elution scheme , fractionated whole sera containing ABO and [FILTERED] antibodies on diethylaminoethyl DEAE cellulose and carboxymethyl cellulose . (Filtered Words: 2)
In what section of the country are you located ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The United States hopes that any future [FILTERED] would not become Communist dominated . (Filtered Words: 1)
Out of long experience I have found that incidental figures and other objects like trees , logs , and bushes can be traced from the original sketch and moved about in the major areas on the final sheet until they occupy the right position , which I call clicking . (Filtered Words: 0)
She can drop dead '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Lighting is an important consideration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their own easier , slower tempo is especially dear to Southerners ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The efficiency with which animals convert grains and forages to meat has risen steadily in the United States since the 1930's and has paralleled the increased feeding of the cake and meal that are a byproduct when seeds are processed for oil . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cady appeared slightly mollified . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should the government directly provide education for the children who want public education ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Other parts of the [FILTERED] health plan would entail federal grants of 750 million to 1 billion dollars over the next 10 years . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , as witnessed by the large corporate bond calendar at present , as well as the record amount of municipal bond issues approved by voters , the over-all demands for capital funds seem likely to remain high , so that any downward pressure on rates from reduced demand should not be great . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every slight sound that rose against that pressure fell away again , crushed beneath it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reverend [FILTERED] preached to them about Demetrius and the shrines of Ephesus . (Filtered Words: 1)
His proposal is opposed to that of [FILTERED] , Governor Rockefeller , past chairmen [FILTERED] and McCone of the Atomic Energy Commission , Dr. [FILTERED] and those others now enjoying their hour of triumph in the exacerbation of the cold war . (Filtered Words: 3)
Moments later the V-1 skimmed across the landing strip , edging closer and closer to a touchdown -- then in a streamer of dust it landed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I was hit -- knocked out . (Filtered Words: 0)
His fingers fumbled across the bandages . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He recommended both of them for the DSM and the Detroit fellow for the Purple Heart , too , for a combat-inflicted wound . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dogs were tired . (Filtered Words: 0)
They're asking for union trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new fee schedule also was supported by Commissioner of Licenses and Inspections Barnet Lieberman and Health Commissioner [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
With dealer stocks of new equipment averaging about 25% below a year ago , the affects of the rural recovery are being felt almost immediately by the country's farm equipment manufacturers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is as empty as the word `` [FILTERED] '' would be when there was no enthusiasm behind it . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , in the context of legal and civic policy , these controversies are less than novel . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , of course I do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the pixies and the zombies took over while the banshees wailed in the distance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Desegregation can also result from additional suits brought by Negro plaintiffs against school boards in Newport News , Fairfax County , Arlington County , and Norfolk . (Filtered Words: 0)
This circumstance in the patient's case plus the fact that his tactual capacity remained basically in sound working order constitutes its exceptional value for the problem at hand since the evidence presented by the authors is overwhelming that , when the patient closed his eyes , he had absolutely no spatial ( that is , third-dimensional ) awareness whatsoever . (Filtered Words: 0)
As we observe moral law and physical law they appear as being inevitable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] had started to turn left off Greenville Avenue onto Cherry Hill Road when his car was struck by the Pezza car , police said . (Filtered Words: 1)
All four remained impacted on the sofa until he had left . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it was not , one of the great dramas of Washington would be presented . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` I only work here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was also a dog , a dingo dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tenure as criterion (Filtered Words: 0)
You may amaze yourself and acquire a real knack for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The serene , majestic columns of the Parthenon , tawny in color against the pure deep blue sky , frame incredible vistas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fretting privately but eschewing public defense of his terrorized bureaucrats , Dulles remained serene and detached while the hatchet men had their way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Macklin said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ptolemy's problem is to forecast where , against the inverted bowl of night , some particular light will be found at future times . (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance , we cannot know whether even for church members the degree of conformity to Christian standards of morality increased or declined as the proportion of church members in the population rose . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , it could locate the enemy infantry , learn what they were doing , and hold them until the heavy foot columns could come up and take over . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] is already wonderfully contented with his lot . (Filtered Words: 1)
Especially noteworthy is [FILTERED]'s finding that the length of treatment per se is not a reliable indicator of successful outcome . (Filtered Words: 1)
He saw the age as one in which Britain `` settled her free constitution '' and attained her modern place in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other items on the agenda during the meetings , which are expected to continue through Saturday , concern television , rules changes , professional football's hall of fame , players' benefits and constitutional amendments . (Filtered Words: 0)
We face , indeed , what may be a turning point in history , and we must act decisively and wisely . (Filtered Words: 0)
The price tag hung from the belt and he pulled it off as he entered the chartroom and looked at it curiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
since my silence must have ended when I gave the purposed volume to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Volume 2 , , in three parts , in 1956 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , I never did see his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eligibility (Filtered Words: 0)
`` His address '' , [FILTERED] added , `` is that great foundling home , the American Express . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cousin Emma had simply put Miss [FILTERED] , Rome , Italy , on the envelope , had walked up to the post office in Tuxapoka , Alabama , and mailed it with as much confidence as if it had been a birthday card to her next-door neighbor . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a rare fit of anger and spite , I `` farmed out '' my own husband to a small and most undistinguished studio to make one picture as a form of punishment . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in looking at [FILTERED] against his background in Mississippi and the South , it is important not to lose the broader perspective . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was a pretty thorough silence at that point . (Filtered Words: 0)
To search his room at the motel ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For the low-temperature measurements the sample was cooled by a cold nitrogen gas flow method similar to that of Andrew and Eades . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the entire eastern half of the nation they'd be coming , members of the Young Christians' League , and I'd been chosen to represent our chapter . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is therefore nothing about them to which an attitude of approval or condemnation could be fitting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , it's just possible she might know something about Mrs. [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
She is more like her full brother , Taraday Hanover , but larger . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stage had been empty , except for [FILTERED] , doing his star monologue . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] remained in trance ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
There are Spanish girls who look like [FILTERED] , brunettes with a Moorish hint of the Orient in their faces ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
A silence fell . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , seated next to Deegan , got up and moved to the other end of the bench . (Filtered Words: 1)
But he was too late . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another medium , another sitter , would produce a somewhat different content , but in general it would probably sound much like the foregoing reading . (Filtered Words: 0)
As was only natural he confided his searchings to Ann , conceding ruefully that it certainly looked as if their own Congregationalists were wrong and the Baptists right . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He wasn't in the car '' , Ramey said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two brothers adopted (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Felix Grubb '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You hay-shakers '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can take care of this . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually this is a thin band of wire attached to the molars and stretching across the teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , there is a crucial difference between the two histories . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I understand [ Hearst ] is a candidate for Presidential honors '' , Devery said without cracking a smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
You are both the same size . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't long before I sensed that there was something deeper than overvaulting ambition back of his desire for Viola's destruction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Above all , disabuse yourselves of any thought that I propose to vent moral indignation at your rifling my residence , to whimper over the loss of a few objets d'art , or to shame you into rectitude . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some are used in paints along with drying oils . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prompt Time shows class . (Filtered Words: 0)
But now music too ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The second capability is represented by our deployed ground , naval , and air forces in essential forward areas , together with ready reserves capable of effecting early emergency reinforcement . (Filtered Words: 0)
To be sure , in tool-and-die work and in the building trades , the first job must be often on an apprentice basis , but two years of half-time vocational training enables the young man thus to anticipate one year of apprentice status . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned to Lester . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said that the propriety or impropriety of such a gathering was a question that was to be settled by every man in accordance with the convictions of private judgments . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Earthmen made camp outside the spaceship . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can't expect it , though . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too often a beginning bodybuilder has to do his training secretly either because his parents don't want sonny-boy to `` lift all those old barbell things '' because `` you'll stunt your growth '' or because childish taunts from his schoolmates , like `` Hey lookit Mr. [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
In a detailed letter published in the Scientific American in 1912 , he remarked that `` loose statements '' about the case showed scant understanding of the facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , it's just possible she might know something about Mrs. [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
his wife , Marion , is a portrait painter . (Filtered Words: 0)
From there on , each Junior was going to be judged individually . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have a little job for you , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
girls , who are more mature than boys , frown upon the youthful antics of boys of their own age . (Filtered Words: 0)
Juniors who attend this Chicago show should make a point to enter this Class as it would be of great help to them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd been in an angry mood : Conchita had thought his face almost ugly with the anger in him . (Filtered Words: 0)
and now , therefore , do I , [FILTERED] , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and [FILTERED] , proclaim Tuesday , October 24th , 1961 , as United Nations day , calling upon all our citizens to engage in appropriate observances , demonstrating faith in the United Nations and thereby contributing to a better understanding of the aims of the United Nations throughout the land . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` He found the Pedersen kid by the crib '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , I don't '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Republicans some weeks ago served notice through Senator [FILTERED] ( R ) of Kentucky , chairman of the Republican National Committee , that the [FILTERED] administration would be held responsible if the outcome in Laos was a coalition government susceptible of Communist domination . (Filtered Words: 2)
Right now , they are pushing a resolution which would have UN use its forces to invade and subjugate Katanga . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It does '' , [FILTERED] grunted sourly , still able to taste her mouth on his in the Green Jungle parking lot . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I saw the boy Dandy at the Congo Square festivities and felt sorry for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The idea seems to threaten profound , barely conscious assumptions . (Filtered Words: 0)
In stating this position , we should like to make it clear to you that we cannot expect artists and intellectuals in other lands to share our opinion in every respect . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just barely '' , he said , and repeated his paraphrase : `` The time has come '' , the walrus said , `` To speak of manic things , Of shots and shouts , and sealing dooms Of commoners and kings '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the United States and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics nevertheless did eventually agree on an atomic bomb test ban , and a sort of provisional acceptance of each other's good intentions on this limited question . (Filtered Words: 0)
She's not chubby . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had raised a calf , grown it beef-fat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fort up ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
There will be masses of flowers , reproductions of the handsome old buildings with their grillwork and other things that are typical of New Orleans . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reports [FILTERED] : `` By studying men on the job , we found that two men -- a carpenter and a helper -- can lay a floor faster than three . (Filtered Words: 1)
The liberal-conservative division , we might observe in passing , is not of itself directly involved in a private interest conflict nor even in struggle between ruling groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the University of Chicago's Chancellor [FILTERED] submitted his resignation last March , a mighty talent hunt gripped the Midway . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] had been commissioned in the Medical Service Corps and was serving as a personnel officer for the Kansas City Medical Depot when he decided that if he was going to make the Army his career , he wanted to be in the fighting part of it . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Since the war I have seen the way the Germans have behaved and I think , Holy Mother , we have behaved like this for hundreds of years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carroll was sharp and military , but he was up against tough competition for that RA berth , and he wanted to play it cool . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Palace was an elaborate establishment , built practically on stilts in front , with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's face it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He mused . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw them in fleet images as they came rolling and now burst across the ridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had talked one other member of the group to stay with him , but that friend had tired of not eating regularly and returned to Savannah . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever the cause , his mood in the fifties rarely rises above the level of the capably sardonic . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I hit him in the ass once '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't know anything about the problems we face today . (Filtered Words: 0)
To my room ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The work of Fonds Reine [FILTERED] pour [FILTERED] aux Indigenes Du Congo Belge ( FOREAMI ) has special interest with respect to demography . (Filtered Words: 2)
The only day they `` have a chance to compete with large supermarkets is on Sunday '' , the council's resolution said . (Filtered Words: 0)
All told , they offered a highly confused picture . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two entries in The Early Life support the assumption that during this period Hardy had virtually suspended the writing of poetry . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Armed Forces Medical Publication Agency , established in 1949 , has published , since January 1950 , The United States Armed Forces Medical Journal as a triservice publication to furnish material of professional interest to Medical Department officers of the three military services . (Filtered Words: 0)
The four Kabalevsky Preludes were also assured , rich in color and songful . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have not seen this charge made during my stay here , but apparently it is still in the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
rim-fires by means of adapter sleeves in the chambers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he looked at his finger , at the wrinkled , heavy knuckle and the thick nail he used like a knife to pry up , slit , and open . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some forms of capitalism do indeed work -- superb organizations , a credit to any society . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] rose to speak , the hall became silent . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mailing the questionnaire (Filtered Words: 0)
Stepson vindicated (Filtered Words: 0)
As cheerfully as possible , he said , `` Well , I guess we could all do with a little drink '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to the cattlemen who had been facing bankruptcy from rustling losses and to the cowboys who had been faced with lay-offs a few years earlier , he was becoming a vastly different type of legendary figure . (Filtered Words: 0)
They all surrounded him , the family circle , Theresa and [FILTERED] as solemn as if they were watching the cat have kittens , and Cousin Emma running back and forth with a kettle of hot water which she poured steaming into a white enamelled pan . (Filtered Words: 1)
A shot or two went wild before Cobb felt something tug at his foot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Try talking to some of the fellows he works with , friends , anyone . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the ballroom below , the dark had given way to moonlight coming in through the bank of French windows . (Filtered Words: 0)
All this works severely against the kind of cross-cultural communication for which Christian missions stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , he'll be a plumber '' , came the answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) The conjugates were passed through a diethylaminoethyl ( DEAE ) cellulose column equilibrated with neutral phosphate buffer ( PBS ) containing Af potassium phosphate and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
This conformity represents a desperate attempt to stabilize a hopelessly unstable environment . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked out of the tent at the company street . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , even at the nadir of the circuit the spiral of history belongs to God , and he still rules . (Filtered Words: 0)
He scratched his mosquito-plagued neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following month the invasion of Italy was begun , and [FILTERED] gave effect to his warning by consenting to the stockpiling of poison gas in southern Italy . (Filtered Words: 1)
She said , `` Do you think you'll miss school '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For the use of students and future restorers , a full , day-by-day record was kept of all three undertakings , complete technical reports on what we found and what we did . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a pitcher , said . (Filtered Words: 1)
But what is equally impressive is the delicacy and wonderful lyric quality of both the band and [FILTERED]'s baritone sax in a fragile ballad like [FILTERED]'s arrangement of `` Django's Castle '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
For some time the Communists honored the distinction between the Soviet zone of Germany and the Soviet sector of Berlin by promulgating separately the laws for the two areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and vines abetted the rocks in forming thorny detours for the struggling stranger , and without the direct light of the sun to act as compass , [FILTERED] could no longer be positive of her direction . (Filtered Words: 2)
For you , readers , are an all-important part of the spiritual experiment that is [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
For him [FILTERED] produced the lyric to `` Out Of Breath Scared To Death Of You '' , introduced in that most successful of all the Gaieties , by Sterling Holloway . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is a phenomenon familiar to all radio listeners , resulting from reflection of skywave signals at night from the ionized layer in the upper atmosphere known as the ionosphere . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cave in his stomach hurt . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , the neat balance of these pairs , and their subtle equilibrium , would have had special meaning in the minds of the Old Chinese . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is your evening free '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Chinese , North Vietnamese and North Koreans , on the other hand , feel that , militarily , Russia is strong enough to support them in the `` just wars of liberation '' they would like to embark on before long : with China attacking Formosa and the North Koreans and North Vietnamese liberating the southern half of their respective countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lewis remembered another newspaperman asking , `` [FILTERED] , have your ideas changed any since you got all these comforts '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
When Felix first opened the door on it , all these shades were tightly drawn and the whole studio was as dark as night . (Filtered Words: 0)
The field , then , is ripe for new Southerners to step to the fore and write of this twentieth-century phenomenon , the Southern Yankeefication : the new urban economy , the city-dweller , the pains of transition , the labor problems ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But the main point here is that even if such a restatement were not possible , the demand to demythologize the kerygma would still be unavoidable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The male chorus of the [FILTERED] sings [FILTERED] in fine style . (Filtered Words: 2)
At the doorway he squinted up at the gray morning overcast and patted his jacket pockets for the cigarettes , remembering then that he'd left them at the Doughnuttery . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same shelter could be built into an embankment or below ground level . (Filtered Words: 0)
In still others which are barely on the threshold of the transition into modernity , the decade can bring significant progress in launching the slow process of developing their human resources and their basic services to the point where an expanded range of developmental activities is possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
That courtyard picture with the same initials '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , slowly , feeling himself icy yet burning , [FILTERED] turned . (Filtered Words: 1)
Unlike so many of the power-starved intellectuals in underdeveloped nations of our own day , they commanded both prestige and influence before the Revolution started . (Filtered Words: 0)
The royal ritual generated power into the other world : it also provided the living with a way to control the spirits , and bring their powers directly to bear on the everyday affairs of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since he possessed more power in an interdependent universe of living beings and dead spirits , the emperor had to use it for the benefit of the living . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a political maverick , a reformer with his own program , determined to bulldoze it through or to blazon the infamy of those who balked him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Squatting , as if waiting . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe it deficient in certain particulars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Said this note . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new interchange among the four Los Angeles freeways , including the grade-constructed accesses , occupies by itself no less than eighty acres of downtown land , one-eighth of a square mile , an area about the size of Rockefeller Center in New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
A network of sampling stations had been set up on shore . (Filtered Words: 0)
the third applies only to index words . (Filtered Words: 0)
She then went over them thoroughly giving each a strenuous test in showmanship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or the mildly epigrammatic utterance ( also a quotation ) : `` Woman's place is in the wrong '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] took occasion to warn Blackman about Lewis's drinking and urged him to `` try to keep him sober '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
For instance , the Edwin Pauleys Jr. , formerly of [FILTERED]. , are now at home on North Arden Dr. in Beverly Hills . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mij , as his owner was soon to learn , had strange , inexplicable habits . (Filtered Words: 0)
The victory was the first of the season for the [FILTERED] after nine defeats and a tie . (Filtered Words: 1)
General Power would participate in the decision making . (Filtered Words: 0)
But one thing is for certain : There is no dissension between [FILTERED] , the American League's Most Valuable Player in 1956 and 1957 , and [FILTERED] , the MVP in 1960 . (Filtered Words: 2)
Make up your mind to pool your resources and get the most out of your remaining years of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Cleaned all them Rebs out'n the hills , they did ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
nearness to work . (Filtered Words: 0)
There had never been a good reason for [FILTERED] to grow up . (Filtered Words: 1)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations . (Filtered Words: 0)
I must know that that was my greatest weakness underlined three times . (Filtered Words: 0)
His technique is genuinely masterful . (Filtered Words: 0)
If , on the other hand , it is not settled , or while it is being debated and resolved , does the Federal government have a responsibility in situations like that in Prince Edward County ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the latter year [FILTERED] , from whom the Hopkinsian strain of New England theology took its name , asked the Continental Congress to abolish slavery . (Filtered Words: 1)
In short , he is constantly concerned with the ethical effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reception into the Church Fellowship (Filtered Words: 0)
You should complain '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He seemed bent on coupling them with vengeance . (Filtered Words: 0)
there had been the dancing class -- Miss [FILTERED] , thin and tireless , with her supervising wand and her everlasting one-two-three , one-two-three . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , a similar privilege was not specifically provided in section 168 for a person acquiring emergency facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Goodwin was telegrapher for the `` American Telegraph Company '' and the `` Troy and Canada Junction Telegraph Company '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they express themselves it is incandescent hatred that shines forth , the rage of repudiation , the ecstasy of negation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would bar vehicles (Filtered Words: 0)
`` God called her to Him '' , the minister had said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Riverside physician came down to look over the injured ballplayer . (Filtered Words: 0)
A midwestern builder cut his labor costs per thousand bricks from $81 to $43.50 by adopting this same process , cut them another $7.50 to $36 by buying his bricks in convenient , easy-to-spot 100-brick packages . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd show them ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Now you go outside and beckon me when it's safe '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By supporting the efforts of the many faculty members who are working to attain ever higher standards , the president can encourage faculty leadership . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is good to know that Georgia will continue to have sufficient electrical power not only to meet the demands of normal growth but to encourage a more rapid rate of industrialization . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same instant , [FILTERED] hit the barrel and threw himself upon the smaller man . (Filtered Words: 1)
It's perfectly normal for babies to suck their thumbs , and no mother need worry if a child continues this habit until he is two or three years old . (Filtered Words: 0)
Doubts thus inculcated left me floundering for a while and , like some higher critical friends , trying to continue to use the Bible as the Word of God while at the same time holding it to have been subjected to a vast number of redactions and interpolations : attempting to bridge the chasm between an older , reverent , Bible-loving generation and a critical , doubting , Bible-emancipated race . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon they all were removed to Central Laboratory School where their delicate transformation began . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took great comfort from his words , and smiled to myself in the darkness . (Filtered Words: 0)
As can be seen from Figure 2 , an extensive area was covered by this aerosol . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last time I saw Bird , at Jimbo's Bob City , he was so gone -- so blind to the world -- that he literally sat down on me before he realized I was there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pulling back the sheet , I examined the bruises around [FILTERED] once slender throat . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` That is , if we can be sure this is Colcord's money '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Also count as an expense a charge for the labor to be contributed by the family . (Filtered Words: 0)
We erect a square with PQ as a side and with free corners Af and Af adjacent to P and Q respectively . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unless we send out the whole pie , their pieces mean nothing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , in the old days -- when they had come to see the moon or displays of fireworks -- sat the king and his court while priests , soldiers , and other members of the party lounged in the smaller alcoves between . (Filtered Words: 0)
These reactions were interpreted as being manifestations of hypoadrenocorticism . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Singing '' as applicable to herself required research . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a thoughtful look , the man sat on the pavement , legs straight out in front of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other factors increasing operating costs include the higher unit cost of each flying hour , up 11% in two years , and of each steaming hour , up 15% . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Four hundred and fifty pounds was disseminated while the ship was traveling a distance of 156 miles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The constant is , which is one-quarter of 3.1416 , another constant known as `` pi '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's happened '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The pulmonary vein , however , without the limiting supportive tissue septa as in type 1 , , follows a more direct path to the hilum and does not maintain this close relationship ( figs. 8 , 22 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
By adding a systematic analysis with symbols to the typed transcripts of interviews , they have supplied a new set of techniques for the therapist . (Filtered Words: 0)
See Chapter 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
And you love Ahmiri , that black bastard of a servant even a little more , because he's a beautiful man . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is known as conformational entropy . (Filtered Words: 0)
And nothing would be done about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All the more reason , then '' , [FILTERED] said , `` why we must have a treaty . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Office of Business Economics ( OBE ) of the U.S. Department of Commerce provides basic measures of the national economy and current analysis of short-run changes in the economic situation and business outlook . (Filtered Words: 0)
My advice , if you live long enough to continue your vocation , is that the next time you're attracted by the exotic , pass it up -- it's nothing but a headache . (Filtered Words: 0)
I never had the courage to look at them , when my projected volume became hopeless , fearing they were poor , until now when I was obliged to do so . (Filtered Words: 0)
The meat wagon , therefore , was not out in front of the house any more , but the cluster of squad cars was still there and there was a cop on the door downstairs to screen any comings and goings . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the turtle ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Certain people must have known about it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll see word gets round '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ceylon has moved from a pro-Western orientation to a neutralism openly hostile to the West . (Filtered Words: 0)
for the government of India : (Filtered Words: 0)
The professor in turn dares not tolerate the influence in his classes of an organization in the policies and standards of which he has no voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Joking and talking may be freer and easier , but the important factual information is still lacking for far too many newly-married men and women . (Filtered Words: 0)
But once I was alone again , driving to the hospital , the heaviness returned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Supposing you or I were being accused in this manner , and yet we were doing our level best to carry on our work . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked up to see Mrs. [FILTERED] , awesome in a black-and-yellow polka-dotted slicker , bearing down on him . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] couldn't see [FILTERED] offering any hand lotion . (Filtered Words: 2)
Some are also in Albania and others are on loan to Egypt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chief among the seed crops grown primarily for industrial uses are the oil-bearing seeds -- flax , castor , tung ( nuts from the China wood-oil tree ) , perilla ( from an Oriental mint ) , and oiticica ( from a Brazilian tree ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Impartiality to him meant an unwillingness to generalize and to search for a synthesis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Escalation unto death (Filtered Words: 0)
This explains some group ends and provides a justification of their primacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Smiling at Warren's protestations , the old monk took his grip from him and led him down a corridor to a small parlor . (Filtered Words: 0)
they could tell exactly what it was . (Filtered Words: 0)
I met [FILTERED] , which was better . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` As long as the couple is in agreement in their approach to sex , it makes little difference if one or the other dominates '' , Dr. [FILTERED] declares . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` John ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They were bifocals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consulting Engineer , Heat Transfer (Filtered Words: 0)
And Lilly allowed me to help so that she could have her few little hours of escape . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sounds like what you're after '' , he said when Hank had finished . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But they shouldda brought in Tokyo , too '' , added Old [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Almonds and pistachio nuts are not so high in oil but are rich in protein . (Filtered Words: 0)
This process is especially difficult since gyro drifting is typically random . (Filtered Words: 0)
( A ) the need to budget a period of years . (Filtered Words: 0)
How can we have a good city unless we respect morality '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
they were husband and wife , and [FILTERED] had no right muddling and chilling their marriage . (Filtered Words: 1)
Returns for money and labor invested may be small even in a good year . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You don't hate me any more '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Production assistance (Filtered Words: 0)
Interpretation , naturally , remains the role of the therapist , but orientation -- not only the patient's vocal giveaways of geographical and socio-economic background , but also vocal but non-verbal giveaways of danger spots in his relationship to people -- can be considerably beefed up by the linguist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now listen closely : (Filtered Words: 0)
( No additional five thousand for each year after [FILTERED]'s twenty-first birthday ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
We'd seen his handiwork out in the back yard , and the little his tenants had told us of him did make him sound a little special . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an instrument would be useful for the characterization of many commercial materials as well as theoretical studies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as in the case of every prodigy child , we must watch for the efficacy of my teaching to show up in the future -- if he should master all the strenuous exercises I inflicted on him . (Filtered Words: 0)
This `` grand division '' permits many costs to be assigned in their entirety to some one class , such as street lighting , or at least to be excluded completely from some important class or classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
His face pale , Summers headed for the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , for the moment at least , the governor now found himself allied with the head of the [FILTERED] faction he had formerly opposed , and [FILTERED] was credited with a clear triumph over [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
This brown is sometimes so rich in medium as to appear to be oil paint . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could only watch with a sort of gentle dismay while his body did these quick , appalling , and efficient things . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
he had to find out . (Filtered Words: 0)
( `` It is always of sorrow to me when I find people who neither know nor understand music '' , he declared not long ago in proposing that White House prizes be awarded for music and art . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only performance which was too soft for me was that of [FILTERED] , but since someone had to become the victim of despoilers , just to emphasize that such things do happen at these fracases , I suppose this was the attitude the part called for . (Filtered Words: 1)
Stevie whistled when he passed these alien grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
By leaving me everything he wouldn't be doing me a favor , my father told him , and he didn't want to see his daughter involved in a lawsuit . (Filtered Words: 0)
She noted that no student had been withdrawn through loss of confidence ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] paused for breath . (Filtered Words: 1)
But because there was the chance that something had gone wrong at the apartment , and if I didn't go over , who would ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Fitting the locking bars and making the locking pieces is a rather tedious job since stop screws , tappets and locking bars must be removed and replaced many times . (Filtered Words: 0)
organization : (Filtered Words: 0)
Seven others expressed no opinion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Irish accent is , as one would expect , combined with slight inflections from the French . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like yourselves , we have pride and love for our country . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was faced immediately with a showdown on the schools , an issue which was met squarely in conjunction with the governor with a decision not to risk abandoning public education . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American dream was compounded of many strains . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he neared the square , a round figure muffled in a long , black cape whisked by . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But what will you do this evening , Mr. [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Matsuo wrenched free and burned the hands into retreat ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This could be accomplished without the tremendous expenditures necessitated by the Schuylkill Expressway and without destroying the natural beauty of the East River Drive . (Filtered Words: 0)
N.C. has said something important so well that this preacher will many times be tempted to quote the whole piece . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel said that schools and synagogues occupied most of the buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
In my experience , a great many of the patient's more puzzling verbal communications are so for the reason that concrete meanings have not become differentiated from figurative meanings in his subjective experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
A DUF entry must be supplied for every unit record file describing the type of file and the unit record equipment to be used . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shea , the chairman of Mayor [FILTERED]'s Baseball Committee , will be joined on the dais by [FILTERED] , the southpaw pitching ace of the Milwaukee Braves ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
She made better pictures than any book he'd read , but he didn't say so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conceived as an organ of economic cooperation , there is no reason why O.E.C.D. cannot evolve into a broader instrument of union if its members so desire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Up to the turn of the century , contraception was condemned by all Christian churches as immoral , unnatural and contrary to divine law . (Filtered Words: 0)
They plan to become county people who know the proper way to terminate a fox's life on earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything was as I had left it the night before last -- her portfolio and bag for town , her lingerie and dress and shoes laid out only her mink coat was missing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let Q be a nonsingular quadric surface bearing reguli Af and Af , and let **zg be a Af curve of order K on Q . (Filtered Words: 0)
He left at his death sketches , drawn to scale , for the rest of the circle . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a mere half-century the South has more than tripled its urban status . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] began falling in love . (Filtered Words: 1)
We speak from varying viewpoints . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dodge reported the following breakdown : (Filtered Words: 0)
The penalty for this is noticeable in the big , bold , brilliant , but brassy piano sounds in Melody And Percussion For Two Pianos ( SP-44007 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why can't I , Doctor '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You might set up a dress shop in the living room '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Helion also hoped that America's mastery of technology and industrial efficiency would be accompanied by the production of new and beautiful art works . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following generalizations about the emotional characteristics of elementary-school children may be helpful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bar `` C '' is 2-3/4'' '' long . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Damned right '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
To his Harvard colleague , [FILTERED] , whose philosophic position differed radically from his own , [FILTERED] could write , `` Different as our minds are , yours has nourished mine , as no other social influence ever has , and in converse with you I have always felt that my life was being lived importantly '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
That night , after leaving Charlotte's apartment , [FILTERED] walked about for a time before returning to his room . (Filtered Words: 1)
He looked up at her sharply . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Negligence , hell '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And re-echo . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some time , despondency in some Northern quarters had been displayed in two ways -- an eagerness for peace and a dissatisfaction with Lincoln . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence the prime issue , as I see it , is whether a democratic or free society can master technology for the benefit of mankind , or whether technology will rule and develop its own society compatible with its own needs as a force of nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found it in the edition of May 15 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is a Hearst barrel . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's still such a thing as mental illness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many hours are given free by the Jaycees to make this and all local pageants outstanding events . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The entire object of the press conference was to clarify the problem of the list , since many in the press were querying the U.N. about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rides were tame enough -- mostly we talked . (Filtered Words: 0)
His political opponent and lifetime friend , [FILTERED] , achieved immortality through his authorship of the Declaration of Independence , but equally notable were the legal and constitutional reforms he instituted in his native Virginia , his role as father of our territorial system , and his acquisition of the Louisiana Territory during his first term as President . (Filtered Words: 1)
For mounting to corrugated plastic backgrounds , very small holes may be drilled in the sides of the letters and stainless steel wire threaded through the openings , its ends twisted behind the panels . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fought the panic of vertigo . (Filtered Words: 0)
The important result , however , was that Juet and [FILTERED] , the deposed boatswain , became Hudson's sworn enemies . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , [FILTERED] , president of Bell & Howell , warned 800 U.S. marketing leaders attending a national conference at the Ambassador , that the future will belong to the industrialist of creative and `` unconventional wisdom '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Hi there , Schaffner '' , he had said . (Filtered Words: 0)
she sprinkled common sugar directly on the injury and then bound it loosely with cotton cloth , over which she poured turpentine . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Nikita buys a small plot in some modest rural cemetery , everyone will understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next day , reports went through the Department that Rooney had been outraged by what he considered a patent attempt to put public pressure on him for increased entertainment allowances and had sworn an oath that , that year , expense allowances would not rise a dollar . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same thing is also evidenced by the extreme `` culture-Protestantism '' so often observed to characterize the preaching and teaching of the American churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
the smell and feel of hot , wet woolen sleeves across his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proximate in the sense that there are more distant , more `` positive '' ends we seek , to which victory over Communism is but a means . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abandoning caution , [FILTERED] leaped out of bed and groped for the light switch . (Filtered Words: 1)
From there he chipped back and sank his putt for a par 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] slurped his way to the bottom of the soup bowl . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Tell Mr. [FILTERED] what you're doing these days '' , my mother advised the children , ceremonially . (Filtered Words: 1)
For one thing , there wasn't going to be any ceremony at all this year . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 Corinthians 17 . (Filtered Words: 0)
These studies are being extended to different polymers to increase our knowledge about the hindrances to rotation around chain bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each teacher has in his classroom a metal file , equipped with a lock , which is used to store cumulative record folders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both fell heavily to the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
A big mechanical ditcher was running the trenches , and the town building inspector was paying a friendly , if curious , visit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Publicity accounted for 1.1 per cent of the initial contacts with new members . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wait '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In particular he sought the gentle , sweet-faced nuns , with head coverings and veils coming to the middle of their foreheads , remembering their expressions until he reached home and set them down on paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing was found . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was enjoying the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
it can be made in two words , Utopian communism . (Filtered Words: 0)
These responses are explicable in terms of characteristics inherent in the crisis . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Comedy In Three Acts '' , in which , under `` Personages '' , Henrietta appeared as `` A Schoolmarm '' , and Bertha , who was only a trifle less brilliant in high school than Henrietta had been , appeared as `` Dummkopf '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a slight lapse condition , a moderate fog , and 100 per cent relative humidity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ephesians 2 : 8-10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the matter of money State's most unrelenting watchdog during the Eisenhower years was Representative [FILTERED] , of Brooklyn , who controlled the purse for diplomatic administrative expenses . (Filtered Words: 1)
Communications (Filtered Words: 0)
Giffen suggested fifty dollars as fair compensation for a year's work ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd like to make sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thanks to the generosity of Mr. [FILTERED] , president of the Temple Beth El ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Does our society have a runaway , uncontrollable growth of technology which may end our civilization , or a normal , healthy growth ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
a Marine Corps of 3 divisions and 3 air wings with 175,000 men ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A coat of paste wax or a rubdown with a piece of wax paper will protect the polished surface of the table ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He found a jar of preserved tomatoes and one of eggs that they had meant to save . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grosse spread his hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Congresswoman Church (Filtered Words: 0)
She was so beautiful with her rosy mouth and haughty air that she had to be wicked . (Filtered Words: 0)
My grandfather had been stoned because of his editorials . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Approximately 45% of the expenditures for the Department of Defense are for procurement , research , development , and construction programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is the trick '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , we will see how Sidney answered the charges , for while Sidney's essay was not specifically a reply to [FILTERED] , his arguments do support the new theater . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
Fran and he had met about two years after she had arrived in Manhattan from Nebraska , or was it Wyoming ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In Boston , [FILTERED] was winding up a performance of A New Way To Pay Old Debts . (Filtered Words: 1)
And as the waves flow back and forth and merge with the waves from the neighboring atoms , you can put on a magic hearing aid and you hear music . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us now give some thought to the soul . (Filtered Words: 0)
This tendency can be broken either by restoring hypothalamic excitability directly or via cortico-hypothalamic pathways . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In the hard life of politics it is well known that no platform nor any program advanced by either major American party has any purpose beyond expressing emotion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Law was seen as an emanation of the `` sovereign will '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of this number , 50% , or 10 million patients have no diagnosable physical ailments whatever . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was told by the manservant who opened the door that his lordship was engaged on work from which he had left strict orders he was not to be disturbed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Secretary did not tell him at what cost , at what loneliness , he learned these things . (Filtered Words: 0)
This has been more evident since our products have incorporated astronomically increased technology . (Filtered Words: 0)
She overplayed her hand '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has been appointed temporary assistant district attorney , it was announced Monday by [FILTERED] , District Attorney . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] was sent in for House and , after failing in a bunt attempt , popped to [FILTERED] on the grass back of short . (Filtered Words: 2)
I'll bribe you with a nice '' -- He was about to say `` double martini '' but thought better of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
They sit alone in their rooms and try to paint , and only succeed in isolating themselves still farther from life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place your Power Stands in position and adjust their height so that this will correspond to the height of your shoulders when you are in a deep leg split as for a heavy Clean . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beer was brewed by the Babylonians and Egyptians more than 6 thousand years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's see it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
the fish have swallowed vast numbers of bottom-living diatoms , raised to the surface by the disturbance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The legislators decided to `` liberate '' Dartmouth and entered into a tug-o'-war with the college trustees over the control of classrooms , faculty , and chapel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Waddell had looked the man over , trying to size him up . (Filtered Words: 0)
When that fear has been removed by faith in Jesus Christ , when we know that He is our Savior , that He has paid our debt with His blood , that He has met the demands of God's justice and thus has turned His wrath away -- when we know that , we have peace with God in our hearts ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought of the men , the nameless thousands , huddling in them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't forget to buy a plastic pastry brush for basting with sauces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fold into whipped cream and add a dash of salt and sprinkling of paprika . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guilford-Martin personality inventories . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Vicksburg , Mississippi ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All belong to the collection being given to [FILTERED] over a period of years by Mrs. [FILTERED] , who has cherished such revelatory items ever since she first studied with [FILTERED] at the Art Students League , New York , in the 1920's . (Filtered Words: 3)
Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World -- the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated -- the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America -- the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , [FILTERED] , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , [FILTERED] -- the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art -- the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
She sang him Scott's charming ballad `` Rosabelle '' , which was the vogue of the moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the past these same Southerners were inclined to look the other way . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he is in the middle , an employe of DeKalb , but on the side of the people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where possible , the name of an executive was supplied along with the company name and address . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm not saying you're yellow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Closely related to the andrenas are the nomias or alkali bees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before deciding where it is going , however , a college or university must know where it is . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the present time , the counter-attack takes the line that there's no more of the true spirit of `` integration '' in the North than in the South . (Filtered Words: 0)
To keep themselves entrenched in power , the priests were forced to demonstrate their unique status through the miracle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon intelligence that the formidable agitator was to favor them with his presence , the benighted inhabitants of Pawtuxet , alas , gave their allegiance to Massachusetts and asked that colony to expel the newcomers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The drums of thunder were right behind him now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Figure 1 was taken in 1953 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Infinite peace , complete contentment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just let me die in peace '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll toe the line . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm helping you now , am I not ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Lewis remembered another newspaperman asking , `` [FILTERED] , have your ideas changed any since you got all these comforts '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The necessity is not clear to me , and , in any case , to present a case-hardened race-driver as saying he has left his car , which , or whom , he calls `` Giuseppe '' , parked `` on the Place Vendome sneering at a dozen Bentleys and Rolls-Royces parked around him '' is not a liberty ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Half crazed by the weight dragging , the dust , and the heat , the horse leaped our wall , dashing out the rider's brains against it , and leaving him lying there among us -- while the horse crashed away through the brush . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is , one must know something about D other than the fact that it is a linear operator . (Filtered Words: 0)
turmoil in the House (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] silica-glass , another natural glass , is composed of nearly pure silica and has the same trace germanium content as sands in the area . (Filtered Words: 1)
Closely related to the andrenas are the nomias or alkali bees . (Filtered Words: 0)
And had been for a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
But one night [FILTERED] moved in the direction of the women's lodge , where Shades of Night had gone to purify herself . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is something more than the arithmetical sum of individual totals of piety and detachment . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was just miserable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Citing the advances of Communist power in recent years , Sir [FILTERED] observed : `` This very grave state of affairs will continue until the free nations accept together the reality of the danger that confronts them and unite their policies and resources to meet it '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
She soared over the new pastor like an avenging angel lest he stray from the path and not know all the truth and gossip of which she was chief repository . (Filtered Words: 0)
B . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly , two damp days with the Bobbsey Twins had done him no good . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , if your pool is close to the house , your wife can always add it to her housekeeping chores ( you hope ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did I start the damn war ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the states that have passed laws preventing discrimination in the sale or rental of housing , support by real estate associations for compliance and broadened coverage through additional legislation could help remove the label of `` social reformism '' that most realtors individually seem determined to avoid . (Filtered Words: 0)
It rang . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chili con carne : use canned chili con carne . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a number of years Kentucky , Louisiana and several other states have been building state-sponsored vocational education schools that serve nearby school districts in several counties . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) Auditors were encouraged . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , the marksman gets 5 shots , but we take his score to be the number of shots before his first bull's-eye , that is , 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ( or 5 , if he gets no bull's-eye ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
One morning , we discovered not only that the pennies were missing from the idol but that a cigarette had been stubbed out in its lap . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cattle which died from them winter storms were referred to as the `` winter kill '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Excellent in their way , they lack the wide appeal of The Charles Men , and need not detain us here . (Filtered Words: 0)
1/2 cup minced celery 1/4 cup minced onion 1/2 cup tomato ketchup 1/2 cup water 1/4 cup vinegar 2 tablespoons brown sugar 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1/2 teaspoon salt 8 frankfurters (Filtered Words: 0)
If this is true , then the universe today looks just as it did millions of years ago and as it will look millions of years hence , even though the universe is expanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet it wasn't so . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wanted him to get into trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within an easy walk from Capitol Hill where Pennsylvania Avenue comes together with Constitution Avenue , begins a series of great federal buildings , some a block long and all about seven-stories high . (Filtered Words: 0)
A5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Isn't all art ambiguous ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They are held in control by force , but barely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where possible , the name of an executive was supplied along with the company name and address . (Filtered Words: 0)
Baton Rouge , La. (Filtered Words: 0)
`` An optimal policy has the property that whatever the initial state and initial decision are , the remaining decisions must constitute an optimal policy with respect to the state resulting from the first decision '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A terrible , numbing sense of futility swept over him . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I have compared its text with already published commentaries on the 1960 series of [FILTERED] lectures at Harvard , from which the book was derived , and I can with confidence challenge the gist of [FILTERED] incautious tale '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Matsuo hustled the rifle off his shoulder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deterrent (Filtered Words: 0)
May we state with confidence that in such an exhibition a republic will find its greatest security ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The family at the boulder (Filtered Words: 0)
Molding (Filtered Words: 0)
Lines 23-36 of Lycidas later point to a friendship with [FILTERED] , who entered Christ's College 9 June 1626 . (Filtered Words: 1)
He would soon die . (Filtered Words: 0)
You will discover you keep the sauce for basting meat in one , use six for drinks , serve soup or coffee in another half-dozen -- and need one more to mix the salad dressing . (Filtered Words: 0)
but mere dilution of the conjugate to 1 : 4 did not satisfactorily remove nonspecific staining . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parker meant business . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' Partisan has failed , Krim says , for being `` snob-clannish , overcerebral , [FILTERED] , aristocratically alienated '' from the U.S. . (Filtered Words: 1)
So the pattern was established . (Filtered Words: 0)
By extending this help , we hope to make possible the enthusiastic enrollment of these nations under freedom's banner . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm [FILTERED] the Fifth . (Filtered Words: 1)
Similarly , when a reporter once questioned Lincoln in cryptic fashion , Lincoln refused to make any further statement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Senate launched the 87th Congress with its own version of an ancient liberal-conservative battle , but in contrast with the House's guerrilla war it seemed as pro forma as a Capitol guide's speech . (Filtered Words: 0)
If death receives more than its share of attention from the theologian and if sin receives less than its share , the gift of the life eternal through Christ begins to look like the divinely appointed means of rescue from temporal , i.e. , created , existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s [FILTERED] is healthy , cheerful , energetic , revelling in his physical agility and his obvious superiority to the young gentlemen whom he serves . (Filtered Words: 2)
Sometimes even the number of syllables is not clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Continuing with the case in which **zg is a Af curve on a quadric Q , we first observe that the second regulus of Q consists precisely of the lines which join the two free intersections of **zg and the planes through any one of the multiple secants . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not news that [FILTERED] is a wizard of the violin . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is the answer to the problem of `` membership delinquency '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , it can be readily seen that the cutting and peeling types of failure show a steady state response , while the cracking mechanism is of a dynamic nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
They will seek to eliminate conflict in their international economic policies and will encourage economic collaboration between any and all of them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only man alive who seems qualified by his learning , his disposition and his addiction to a baroque luxuriance of language to inherit the literary mantle of [FILTERED] , Mr. [FILTERED] writes of foreign parts with a dedication to decoration worthy of a pastry chef creating a wedding cake for the marriage of a Hungarian beauty ( her third ) and an American multimillionaire ( his fourth ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
I saw that woman's apron behind the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since SAAMI's conception in 1926 , and more specifically since the adoption of the Shooting Development Program in 1954 , millions of dollars and promotional man-hours have gone into the development of more places to shoot for more youths and adults . (Filtered Words: 0)
It might be rough on Edythe at first , but [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] between them could make a settlement handsome enough to soothe her , to send her back to Cleveland or anywhere . (Filtered Words: 2)
At the same time that religion exercises a conserving influence , it also energizes and motivates both individuals and groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
no private property , no money ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The unhealthy use of denial in the initial reaction to a stress must be handled through the medium of a positive controlled transference . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought the fender of the Plymouth brushed his jacket as it went by . (Filtered Words: 0)
He advises women to beware `` of those places which in sorrows cheere you and beguile you in mirth '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] examined everything with critical care , seeking something material to blame for his son's illness . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the grinding machine field , expansion went far from universal grinders alone and took in cylindrical grinders , surface grinders , and a wide variety of special and semi-special models . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guests from across U.S. honor Dr. Swim (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a slight nervous twitch in the region of her left eye . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perier's efforts , however , were on the whole ineffective in winning back the tribes of the Mobile district , and he decided to send troops into the troubled country . (Filtered Words: 0)
An isolated case of quackery ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was [FILTERED] , who had suddenly found himself imbued with the spirit of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Public health , education , and rehabilitation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There is little enthusiasm for spending money to develop more powerful engines because of the erroneous belief that the aircraft has been made obsolete by the missile . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- it evaporated , disappeared , and came back to the earth as rain -- maybe for another well or another stream or another Alfred Alpert . (Filtered Words: 0)
but communication , no . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cried out to her , his back turned . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Carleton Social Co-operative is a standing committee of the Carleton Student Association . (Filtered Words: 0)
But stupidity was no consolation when it had rank . (Filtered Words: 0)
We do not deny originality to the Agamemnon because Aeschylus found the tales of the house of Atreus among the folk lore of the Greeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or `` How do we enrich our already fine marriage '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The King [FILTERED] offered respectable and convenient lodgings to people from the suburbs who wanted to see a show and didn't want -- heaven knew didn't want ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No , thank you . (Filtered Words: 0)
State and local agencies in the vocational education field must be encouraged to adopt a wider outlook on future job opportunities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then [FILTERED] took her gently and shoved her off again , toward [FILTERED] : Amy did not laugh -- this was work , concentration , achievement . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] 340-blast over left in the fourth -- his fourth homer of the campaign -- tied the score and Carreon's first major league home run in the fifth put the Sox back in front . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dairy (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , the proportion of males ( which leave the nest ) increases , and eventually the old colony will die out completely . (Filtered Words: 0)
So you yourself must seek these objective data , and come to your own conclusions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He seemed to be fighting not one man but a dozen . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for food , Mrs. [FILTERED] , chairman of this phase , is a globetrotter who knows good food . (Filtered Words: 1)
He left at his death sketches , drawn to scale , for the rest of the circle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Michigan , Wisconsin and Minnesota have many superb stretches of color which reach their height from the last few days of September well into October , especially in their northern sections , e.g. , Wisconsin's Vilas County whose Colorama celebration is Sept. 29-Oct. 8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Adaptaplex Co. , Beaverton , Ore. : letters molded of butyrate , available in several sizes in either red or black . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Poynting-Robertson effect ( Robertson , 1937 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the various particle accelerators , the Van De Graff machines , resonant transformers , and linear accelerators are the principal ones available for commercial use . (Filtered Words: 0)
Continue on the Via D. Baullari to the Corso Vittorio Emanuele , then turn right for a couple of hundred yards to the Church of Sant' Andrea Della Valle . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mechanism of this coupling has been studied in some detail with non-enzymatic systems in vitro and can be simulated by certain di-iodotyrosine analogues ( Pitt-Rivers and James , 1958 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
This air of disengagement carried over to his apparent attitude toward his things , and people often mistook it for boredom in him or a surrender to repetitious routine . (Filtered Words: 0)
More often , though , he is so accustomed to submitting to authority on the job without argument that he lives by the same rule at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's dryin' myself out that does it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eleven dummy rounds were fired by Lauchli in a demonstration of rapid-fire mortar shooting . (Filtered Words: 0)
With regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article 2 , of the Agreement , the understanding of the Government of the United States of America , with respect to both paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) of Article 2 , is as follows : ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He dropped his earlier and delightful hamming , which is about the only way to handle the old war horse called `` [FILTERED]'s Aunt '' , and let himself go with as appealing an `` Amy '' as anybody could ask . (Filtered Words: 1)
Instead of isolating the literal flatness by specifying and circumscribing it , the pasted paper or cloth releases and spreads it , and the artist seems to have nothing left but this undepicted flatness with which to finish as well as start his picture . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] come with the migratory workers that follow the crops up from the South last year , but [FILTERED] and his wife settled here . (Filtered Words: 2)
Hague had never accustomed himself to Kodyke . (Filtered Words: 0)
Field Marshal Slim has abridged it for the benefit of `` those who , finding not so great an attraction in accounts of military moves and counter-moves , are more interested in men and their reactions to stress , hardship and danger '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Worst of all , [FILTERED] had no training for any kind of work . (Filtered Words: 1)
The influence of Mass was less pervasive than that of the congested , slum tenements among the bawdy houses , honkytonks , and sawdust saloons of his birthplace ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Most surprising of all , he has accomplished some prodigies in training for the production of words . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Chicago contingent of modern critics follow Aristotle so far in this direction that it is hard to see how they can compare one poem with another for the purpose of evaluation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The essential ineffectiveness of these measures resulted in 1934 in substantial elimination of federal jurisdiction to enjoin state public utility rate orders . (Filtered Words: 0)
And if you're as flat broke as I am , I think we'll have to take the added risk of knocking over a filling station or something before we split for one of us to set up an alibi while the other does his dirty work '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The shadow vanished . (Filtered Words: 0)
Southern China , all of southeast Asia , southern India and Ceylon , these states of the Malay Federation spoke Bazaar . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Canadian Rockies , great groves of aspen are already glinting gold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will you obstruct this , or will you help ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind him lay the Low Countries , where men were still completing the cathedrals that a later [FILTERED] would describe as `` a malediction of little tabernacles , one on top of the other , with so many pyramids and spires and leaves that it is a wonder they stand up at all , for they look as though they were made of paper instead of stone or marble '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
One may be sure the present Republican congressional leadership hasn't meant to repeat this error . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interesting evidence can be found in the results of the Chamber of Commerce elections , which took place three weeks before national elections . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yellow clay was used as a poultice for insect bites and also for swellings ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For example : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miguel and [FILTERED] remained on the veranda to keep [FILTERED] from interfering . (Filtered Words: 2)
The numbering system used in Tables 1 and 2 and Figures 1 and 2 was continued for the 21 growth centers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's nothing to fool with . (Filtered Words: 0)
His adventurous spirit had waned ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps -- but extensive discussions with contemporary practitioners , family doctors and gynecologists indicate that this is still an area of enormous ignorance . (Filtered Words: 0)
One cause of [FILTERED]'s pessimism was the fact that he failed to learn the guitar . (Filtered Words: 1)
A scene is just a part of a play . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
As an obvious consequence , obstacles to genuine interfaith communication have grown more formidable in one important area : relations between Christians and non-Christians in these lands . (Filtered Words: 0)
My heartiest congratulations go to their successors , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , who can be counted upon to sustain the illustrious tradition of the New York Times . (Filtered Words: 2)
Yet Alfredo wanted money wanted money to roam through the deserts . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was Bartoli's shop . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1899 , Parliament erected a statue to Cromwell in Westminster , facing Whitehall and there , presumably , he still stands . (Filtered Words: 0)
For further information contact Director , Office of Business Economics , U.S. Department of Commerce , Washington 25 , D.C. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oddly enough , it is proven that there would be less reading difficulty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last week Chicago happily found its top scholar in Caltech's acting dean of the faculty : dynamic Geneticist [FILTERED] , 57 , who shared the 1958 Nobel Prize in medicine and physiology for discovering how genes affect heredity by controlling cell chemistry ( Time , Cover , July 14 , 1958 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
The incubation period of infectious disease , plus a variable period of illness even before a lethal effect , render this weapon unsuitable for hand-to-hand encounter . (Filtered Words: 0)
We leap from event to event -- including the formation of the posse -- even though the events , in `` reality '' are taking place not in sequence but simultaneously , and not near each other but at a considerable distance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should the requirement , which must therefore be Federal in nature , be legislated by the United States Congress ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It's bigger than the Armistice '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Practically all forecasts mention new and exciting products on the horizon . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not exactly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Court of Appeals affirmed . (Filtered Words: 0)
An institutionalized liberalism proved itself fundamentally an institution , and only within those defined limits a license . (Filtered Words: 0)
The actual function of patristic communism was adequately set forth by St. Gregory almost a millenium before More wrote Utopia . (Filtered Words: 0)
These would be paid for out of general , not payroll , taxes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He should have said `` jittery '' , for that's what we are . (Filtered Words: 0)
Paradoxically , the sales rise is due in large measure to Government efforts to slash farm output . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bobbie had been head of the alloy division , while [FILTERED] was just another good salesman in the regular branch . (Filtered Words: 1)
There the objective sat , brooding over all . (Filtered Words: 0)
) If your employer reimburses you for expenses incurred , you deduct such expenses if they otherwise qualify . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , there is no special milling or rabbeting required for the panels . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lungs weighed together 950 gm. . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. John 5 : 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most unusual feature of Boris , however , is the use of the greatest character of all , the chorus . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hardy was not Hardy very often . (Filtered Words: 0)
It tends to support the longstanding precious sentiments , the traditional ways of thinking , and the customary ways of living . (Filtered Words: 0)
Doubtless it was inevitable that differences of opinion should arise about the methods for applying these policies . (Filtered Words: 0)
and my husband hasn't had a vacation in 14 years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Good Flying ( Good Time-Olivette Hanover ) 2:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The second reason for being concerned with the dichotomy between faculty members who are part of the `` in-group '' that owns and operates the institution and those who are merely paid employees , is , therefore , the baneful effect on the caliber of the teaching itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , very slight changes in P do not change the probabilities much , and a slight lack of independence may not make an appreciable difference . (Filtered Words: 0)
The excuse was offered for them that they had mistaken the Italians for Belgian mercenaries . (Filtered Words: 0)
That po'k , it was so full of skippers it would jump and run and not come when you say , hoo-pig . (Filtered Words: 0)
The knife , an ammunition pouch , and a half-filled bottle of purified water hung on his belt . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So that's sculpture '' , commented Argiento wryly , when he had sluiced down the floor for a week , `` making mud pies '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They went as rigid as black statuary six figures , lean and tall and angular , went still . (Filtered Words: 0)
Higher costs of distribution generally . (Filtered Words: 0)
The White House is taking extraordinary steps to check the rapid growth of juvenile delinquency in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] : (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] in town for a day . (Filtered Words: 1)
To assist the States , therefore , in rehabilitating handicapped individuals , `` so that they may prepare for and engage in remunerative employment to the extent of their capabilities '' , the 83rd Congress enacted the Vocational Rehabilitation Amendments of 1954 ( [FILTERED] ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
The men did not object to his sketching them while they went about their work , but no one could be persuaded to come to his studio to pose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wasn't this meaning of [FILTERED]'s experience in various countries worth highlighting ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
She was apparently the pioneer in her family because she had no close relatives in this country at that time . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 1 ) '' (Filtered Words: 0)
For the vertex at Af , these values will be denoted by Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few months ago it was a fairly typical landlord who in the dead of night lugged me up a mountainside to drink from a spring famous in the neighborhood for its clarity and flavor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor has the training been enough in relation to the need . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something had to give . (Filtered Words: 0)
One patriarch is supposed to have relegated sacred scriptures for use in an outhouse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even if we strip their respective claims to the barest minimum , the `` odds '' still favor them both , for the trend in effect is always more likely to continue than to reverse . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fees are about half to a third of what they were 25 years ago '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , in departing , [FILTERED] begged [FILTERED] that there be no liquor in the apartment at the Grosvenor on his return , and he took with him the first thirty galleys of Elmer Gantry . (Filtered Words: 2)
Stains , which include the wide variety of nonparticulate materials which give color even when present in very low concentration on the soiled object . (Filtered Words: 0)
The relatively few communities that have educational stations have found them of considerable value . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That was Tee-wah I was talking . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cannot leave the farm to take work in another locality on short notice ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Was it only a few nights ago that they had been standing together in front of the house looking at the moon-washed river ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I am with you , of course , Tomas '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't urge your builder to give you a little extra cooling capacity just to be sure you have enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
He skimmed over the millions that went to Meeker Park , Medfield Hospital , the civic center , the Public Health Nursing Association , the library , and so on , pausing when he came to the scholarship fund . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pansies have character . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stumbled over the root of a tree that protruded maliciously above the earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
they form two aspects of heavenly life after death . (Filtered Words: 0)
Field does the planning for the machine operations and fiscal processes and the adapting of the data processing system to new programs as they are made necessary by legislative and policy changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 1920 presidential election they had that right and many of them did vote for the first time . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fourteen recent test launchings , at ranges of five thousand miles , [FILTERED] has been striking on an average within two miles of the target . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is some indication from a limited number of interviews with members of the population that the element of power , primarily the voluntary influence of non-authoritative power , has been exerted on actors in the system , particularly in regard to mate selection . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dupont case (Filtered Words: 0)
The grounds for the Church's position are Scriptural ( Old Testament ) , the teachings of the fathers and doctors of the early Church , the unbroken tradition of nineteen centuries , the decisions of the highest ecclesiastical authority and the natural law . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] have a great deal more in common than the same disastrous end . (Filtered Words: 2)
He said to his partner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Walking away on impulse , he might logically leave behind what it was inconvenient to carry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five held for trial (Filtered Words: 0)
Come inside now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If she , [FILTERED] , were being held responsible for his crimes , then hers must be the final act of expiation . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] and two or three of the other boys declared they had never been possum-hunting , and [FILTERED] [FILTERED] ( from Mama [FILTERED]'s side of the family ) said he would just get up from there and take them , right then . (Filtered Words: 4)
Except that Kitti wasn't there . (Filtered Words: 0)
His claim was therefore `` so highly exaggerated '' , the Department concluded , that it `` cast doubt upon his veracity and , consequently , upon his sincerity and good faith '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is the respondent making a recommendation for his own benefit , for the benefit of his industry , for the benefit of a specific government department or service , for the benefit of the defense program , for the benefit of small business , or for the benefit of the taxpayers ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
bushes swished and scratched at her slacks ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
So far as the existing body of formal principle and procedure is concerned , categorical novelties are not to be anticipated in Jewish-Gentile relationships ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Jones sighed as if relieved . (Filtered Words: 0)
The real trouble seems to be the failing imagination of U.S. playwrights . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can't '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Initiating a program to control dwarf mistletoe on several hundred thousand acres of selected better stands of young softwood sawtimber on better growing sites . (Filtered Words: 0)
Played mostly on the freeways around Los Angeles , it goes like this : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] still is remembered a bit , but [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] are hardly household words . (Filtered Words: 4)
`` Did anyone see my cab '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Housed in the new McCormick Place theater , this should prove to be an exciting evening '' , adds Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Partly this difference is due to the nature of verbal communication . (Filtered Words: 0)
In order to assist the States in maintaining basic vocational rehabilitation services , Section 2 of the amended [FILTERED] provides that allotments to States for support of such services be based on ( 1 ) need , as measured by a State's population , and ( 2 ) fiscal capacity , as measured by its per capita income . (Filtered Words: 1)
We'll need some at least , if only bus fare to the scene of the crime . (Filtered Words: 0)
Complying methodically , [FILTERED] pulled pocket after pocket inside out without finding a thing . (Filtered Words: 1)
He made the most of the long Brahmsian phrases , and by the directness and drive of his playing gave the work a handsome performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without public scrutiny the deliberations of public agencies would no doubt be conducted more speedily . (Filtered Words: 0)
An alphabetical list of chemical and mineralogical names with reference numbers enables one to find a particular crystal description . (Filtered Words: 0)
Copernicus required a systematically integrated , physically intelligible astronomy . (Filtered Words: 0)
There wasn't anything of special interest that morning , no one sicker than they should have been . (Filtered Words: 0)
The beautifully-tapered head , so delicate and so cool , had been flattened as if in a vise , and the forked tongue splayed out of the twisted , torn mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
One cause of [FILTERED]'s pessimism was the fact that he failed to learn the guitar . (Filtered Words: 1)
to the editor of the New York Times : (Filtered Words: 0)
A few yards farther , on the Via Dei Bergamaschi , is the Piazza Colonna . (Filtered Words: 0)
and Bernardine , 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
and also to change telephones . (Filtered Words: 0)
In I wanted to tell him , but I was afraid to the final to is lightly stressed because it represents to tell him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second two pieces lap over the inner member of the keelson and butt against the outer member . (Filtered Words: 0)
This colt arrived at the Raceway early last November , and immediately was put into harness and line-driven for a few days , and then put to cart and broken in very nicely , knowing nothing but trot . (Filtered Words: 0)
On this basis , certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Ruling suggests also that it applies to either a statutory or contractual reorganization . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dispatch must have been sent after sundown on September 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The remaining ( incomplete ) components all have an even number of ordinary points at any argument , and are defined only on a proper sub-interval of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Specific differences exist in the action of different drugs belonging to the same group as , for instance , between reserpine and chlorpromazine . (Filtered Words: 0)
It made no difference that most evidence points to an opposite conclusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
A refuse [FILTERED] at the Dumont turned up a florist's box -- a very long box for very long-stemmed flowers . (Filtered Words: 1)
It did seem impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been one of the original Night Riders , one who had escaped the trial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside those limits it asserted , as against other states , a position of sovereign equality , and , as against the `` inferior '' peoples of the non-Western world , a position of dominance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Suppose it was not us that killed these aliens . (Filtered Words: 0)
The owner of the painting got it for $750,000 , sold it for $500,000 in a market crash , and bought it back for $590,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had accomplished a miracle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later I learned that Sir [FILTERED] had expressed a desire to see me , hence their trip to `` No Man's Land '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] said he believed there are a number of qualified city residents who would be willing to take the full-time CD job . (Filtered Words: 1)
See-through design of the chairs combines both the nostalgic ladder back and an Oriental shoji flavor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Zeitgeist is not crazy as a loon or mad as a March hare ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
At its most ecstatic moments , husband and wife are elevated far above worldly cares . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gives you the spacing for locating the left-hand piece `` B '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
With all his heart he had loved the Navy and now he must act in accordance with the Navy's implacable laws . (Filtered Words: 0)
The maid answered and he decided Nancy must be at work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tradition has assigned medicinal values to seeds because of their alkaloids , aromatic oils , and highly flavored components . (Filtered Words: 0)
rather on the medium side . (Filtered Words: 0)
It commanded a view over Manhattan and the harbor . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They eat chickens sometimes '' , the boy said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , most toilets are Eastern style -- at floor level -- but even when they are raised to chair height , they are actually outside toilets -- inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went straight to the Presidential box . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie offered , taking the pint of sweet lucy from his jacket pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radio broadcasts had not begun and most devotees of baseball attended the games near home , in the town park or a pasture , with perhaps two or three trips to the city each season to see the Cubs or the Pirates or the Indians or the Red Sox . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pope Pius 12 , declared in 1951 that it is possible to be exempt from the normal obligation of parenthood for a long time and even for the whole duration of married life , if there are serious reasons , such as those often mentioned in the so-called medical , eugenic , economic and social `` indications '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , at least you won't have to do that '' , she was saying . (Filtered Words: 0)
a middle distance often containing the major motif ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Send me where I can play '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ambulances , baggage trucks , and cars surrounded it . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the citizens would , of course , never be sure that the decisions that resulted were as correct as they were expeditious . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` O.K. '' Charles rose also , and the two of them moved over to join the girls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somewhere birds were sweetly calling , were answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
After their supper , the evening turned into a regular `` Hoe-Down '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their main asset is an abundance of unsaturated fatty acids , so necessary for maintaining the good health of the circulatory system . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This is a great national cultural asset , and therefore it is a great source of satisfaction to me , representing as I do today my wife , to welcome all of you here today at the White House '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But of course the paterollers won't be of any help , not with everything so upset and that Yankee cavalry outfit they say is running around , God knows where '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
An example of a more definite class bias is noted in proceedings of the Commission on the Financing of Higher Education sponsored by the Association of American Universities and supported by the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mainly of what Conrad had tried to make him believe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aside from the (Filtered Words: 0)
West Germany , with its industrial and military might , reaffirmed its democracy and remains firm with the free nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
' an American journey ' (Filtered Words: 0)
Insects there were on the world , but they were frozen solid during the night , only to revive and thaw in the morning sun . (Filtered Words: 0)
Six o'clock ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Ever since the fourth century a controversy had raged over the person of Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
Burlington aviator [FILTERED] suggested the parade ground southwest of Fort Ethan Allen , and soon a dozen hastily-summoned National Guard pilots were bringing their wide-winged `` Jenny '' and [FILTERED] two-seaters to rest on the frozen sod of the military base . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] won't stand for this . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Tomorrow . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a very tempting offer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Queried about the impasse , Allied Arts said : `` Better cancel the Kirov for the time being . (Filtered Words: 0)
The history of disarmament agreements , for instance , had been unreassuringly dismal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And if you should step inside of such a magnified atom , according to the physics of forty years ago , you would see circulating over your head , down at the sides , and under your feet , some twenty luminous balls about the size of footballs . (Filtered Words: 0)
that nowadays all honeymooners are thoroughly familiar with the best sex-manuals and know enough from talk with friends and personal experimentation to take all the anxiety and hazards out of the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
But my people -- Martians , I mean ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The orderly room seemed to be deserted . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] explained that he had no experience with boxcars . (Filtered Words: 1)
This enterprise led to a father-and-son combination beginning in 1833 , under the name D. Brown & Son , a business which eventually grew into the modern corporation we now call Brown & Sharpe . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had none here . (Filtered Words: 0)
That long night with [FILTERED] and marijuana in Venice had opened her eyes . (Filtered Words: 1)
This rate of increase does not signify anything in itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would you like a drink , or coffee '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he backed out and swung around to the front drive . (Filtered Words: 0)
He caused a lot of talk when he also chose the breakfast hour to have the barber come in and trim his hair while he ate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Caper ( Hoot Mon-Columbia Hanover ) , 2:30.3-:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He went straight to the Presidential box . (Filtered Words: 0)
In answering these questions , we need to ask not merely whether Communist troops have crossed over into territories they did not occupy before , and not merely whether disciplined agents of the Cominform are in control of governments from which they were formerly excluded : the success of Communism's war against the West does not depend on such spectacular and definitive conquests . (Filtered Words: 0)
This method of rinsing appears to produce maximum cleansing with minimum soil redeposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] yelled . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] asked , uneasy at the gravity of the girl's dilemma . (Filtered Words: 1)
But Voltaire perseveres . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he plunges into yet another , this time with Norway , and is killed in an assault on the fortress of [FILTERED] , being only thirty-six years of age when he died . (Filtered Words: 1)
What can a mother do then to prevent misbehavior ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` M-m-m . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Anniston catcher was straddling home plate . (Filtered Words: 0)
He may or may not be `` better off '' than his classmate who went on to a college and professional school . (Filtered Words: 0)
Powers was covering the remaining guard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Between individuals , this process is called bargaining . (Filtered Words: 0)
A single automobile was parked half-way up the block on the left-hand side . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It seems to me you have enough to do as it is '' , Eugenia said . (Filtered Words: 0)
only -- there was not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Backs higher fees (Filtered Words: 0)
Cried the guard who ran from the hut to shout to other men standing about outside . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the Weston house came once [FILTERED] , the president of Smith College who had been one of my old professors and who still called me `` Boy '' when I was sixty . (Filtered Words: 1)
When suitably lighted , what would it look like ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As I said , they were both painters . (Filtered Words: 0)
There have even been serious errors in the U. S. Forest Service , whose officials pride themselves in their scientific training , he added . (Filtered Words: 0)
Communications (Filtered Words: 0)
Such specialized training institutions could be located near the most rapidly growing industries , where the equipment and job experience exist and where the future employment opportunities are located . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are not given to lamentations , neither personally nor in these Reports . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anglo-Saxon and Greek epic each provide on two occasions a seemingly authentic account of the narration of verse in the heroic age . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the Distilled Spirits Institute has long had a specific prohibition . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I was down to 275 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several defendants in the Summerdale police burglary trial made statements indicating their guilt at the time of their arrest , Judge [FILTERED] was told in Criminal court yesterday . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Onleh one thiihng '' , Mrs. [FILTERED] continued . (Filtered Words: 1)
They opposed the Forand bill , which would have placed the major burden of financial support upon the individual himself through compulsory payroll deduction ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Schuman `` Chester '' takes off from an old [FILTERED] tune with rousing woodwind and brass effect . (Filtered Words: 1)
Folklore is individually created art that a homogeneous group of people preserve , vary and recreate through oral transmission . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I never saw men '' , [FILTERED] declared in regard to the riflemen , `` so merry , so spirited , and so desirous to go on to the enemy , whatever force they might have , as that small party in this fight '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
( See Chapter 20 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The world is full of blokes who put their hearts into making the tragic scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fans of the musical were , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think our report sums up our finding '' , [FILTERED] answered . (Filtered Words: 1)
Local embodiment of the whole (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s qualification on the Christian claim is of considerable significance . (Filtered Words: 1)
Prokofieff was guided in a consistent direction by the life of his own people -- by the compass of their national ideas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Best from abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same is true of areas which at first look good because of a few existing recreation features but may actually be poor areas to develop for general public use . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
But there's no way off the Point except through my road block . (Filtered Words: 0)
But after all , you never learned anything else '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Foreigners this way ' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The administration could not say why $28 million was needed for a grant-in-aid program . (Filtered Words: 0)
if they should bite before I wake , I pray the Lord their jaws to break '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But honest-to-Betsy , I've seed more hair than that on a piece o' bacon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
no precedents have been set as yet ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was allowed to spend his nights at an inn near the hospital and he was given some extra money to go to the pachinko parlor -- an excellent place to make contact with the enemy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Student workshop (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing like the old days in the army , but I get by . (Filtered Words: 0)
I like to shear half my plants at a time , leaving one half of them to blossom while the second half is getting started on its new round of blooming . (Filtered Words: 0)
a friend of mine removing her from the curio cabinet for inspection was felled as if by a hammer , but he had previously drunk a quantity of applejack . (Filtered Words: 0)
In vying with him , Mr. [FILTERED] also seemed to be overdriving his tone . (Filtered Words: 1)
Do you think you can manage it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
An over-all concept would have other advantages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately the hole was found at last and plugged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional class 2 , assignments for daytime operation can be made without causing destructive interference to the class 1 , stations or to each other , and by their operation provide additional service on these channels and additional local outlets for a large number of communities . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most beautiful buildings in Istanbul , it was constructed in the early years of the Seventeenth Century , with a huge central dome , two half domes that seem to cascade down from it , and smaller full domes around the gallery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each adult is held personally responsible for assuring his inscription and obtaining an identification card which must be shown on demand . (Filtered Words: 0)
She added a postscript begging me to be careful about drinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Unfortunately , there is still little demand for broccoli and cauliflower '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In many Northern towns and cities meetings were held and church bells were tolled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who saw his finished Pieta would take the place of the biblical witnesses . (Filtered Words: 0)
The account of the growth and final transcription of these epics rests partly , however , upon the degree to which they were formulaic . (Filtered Words: 0)
They tell us , sir , that we are free , because we have in one hand a ballot , and in the other a stock certificate . (Filtered Words: 0)
To support his large family [FILTERED] went back to the law after each spell of public service . (Filtered Words: 1)
We fashioned beards , put them on , and reported to the [FILTERED] at the city desk . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the way I'll give you the scoop '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These local variations were to become ever sharper in the next century and a half . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is possible , although highly doubtful , that he killed none at all but merely let his reputation work for him by privately claiming every unsolved murder in the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
Highly successful in England before its transfer to New York , most of `` Roots '' is as relentlessly dour as the trappings of the small new theater are gaudy . (Filtered Words: 0)
And countless others like them have died . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next question is whether board members favor their own social classes in their roles as educational policy-makers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let the water and the blood From Thy riven side flow ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly , when a reporter once questioned Lincoln in cryptic fashion , Lincoln refused to make any further statement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since Laos is of no more purely military value to Moscow itself than it is to Washington , this approach might be expected to head off Mr. [FILTERED] for the moment . (Filtered Words: 1)
He could have left for Weybosset Street after her murder and made it in plenty of time by using the streetcar . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was on his knees when [FILTERED] turned on the stairs and the razor flashed in his hand . (Filtered Words: 2)
The doctor , with the air of a man whose professional interests have found scope , drew Alex's attention to those excellences which might otherwise have escaped him : the fine color in comb and wattles , the length and quality of neck and saddle hackles , the firm , wide spread of the toes , and a rare justness in the formation of the ear lappets . (Filtered Words: 0)
refusal to adjudicate is another . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leaving the theatre after the performance , I had a flash of intuition that life , after all ( as Rilke said ) , is just a search for the nonexistent cup of hot coffee , and that this unpretentious , moving , clever , bitter slice of life was the greatest thing to happen to the American theatre since Brooks Atkinson retired . (Filtered Words: 0)
I heard nothing more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus D' and N' commute with any polynomial in T ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She smelled of peppermints . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The West should make the central proposal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Aw , come on '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It fell , February 6 , 1827 , carrying with it a horse and wagon , two men and four oxen . (Filtered Words: 0)
All Martin thought he needed was time : to what better use could time be put ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence it follows that the involution within the bundle must be a perspective De Jonquieres involution of order Af and the invariant locus must have a multiple line of multiplicity either Af or Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Merger proposed (Filtered Words: 0)
Ventilation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just the evocations of time and place , of passionate encounter between man and a natural world which today seems almost lost , would be enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet even if he could get the necessary approval , fourteen of his Negroes could not be manumitted without special permission . (Filtered Words: 0)
He threw out some of Hutchins' more wildly experimental courses , raised sagging undergraduate enrollment to 2,100 , nearly doubled endowment to $139.3 million . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jess stared at him without answering and let his hands fall to his sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
He never will , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
All applicants were generally familiar with the work of the receptionist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Medical Illustration Service (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though this is my rock , you can use it sometimes . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] followed the car until it reached the main road and turned towards Kingston . (Filtered Words: 1)
A single automobile was parked half-way up the block on the left-hand side . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't like to exhibit the deadly dampening effect of an elderly man's caution '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , what's the matter with me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Their answer was : it can be done , and we will do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rain dripped on the freezing loblolly of the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jury praised the administration and operation of the Atlanta Police Department , the Fulton Tax Commissioner's Office , the Bellwood and Alpharetta prison farms , Grady Hospital and the Fulton Health Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simultaneously , a variety of environmental supports -- a calm but not too motherly homemaker , referral for temporary economic aid , intelligent use of nursing care , accompaniment to the well-baby clinic for medical advice on the twins' feeding problem -- combined to prevent further development of predictable pathological mechanisms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interim financing of construction costs is provided by a short term loan from The Chase Manhattan Bank . (Filtered Words: 0)
She told the sheep , ' The world is coming to an end ' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Really '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
so are certain signals that she does not accept divorce . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] scorn for the `` jargon '' of psychical research was altered somewhat when he wondered `` how , or why , had I been shown an unreleased roll of my life film '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
When , as a diplomatic gesture of amity and in payment for the loan of gunmen in the April election , [FILTERED] had given O'Banion a slice of Cicero , the profits from that district had been $20,000 a month . (Filtered Words: 1)
I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although federal and city narcotic agents sometimes worked together , Sokol continued , rivalries developed when they were `` aiming at the same criminals '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was safe in his [FILTERED]'s arms . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since then , there has been a notable increase in the number of stations and also the accumulation of additional data and the development of new techniques for using it , leading to a better understanding of propagation phenomena . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of my virtues or vices is a sort of three-dimensional imagination complete with sound effects and glorious living color . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is hardly necessary to remind students of covered bridges that [FILTERED] was born in 1751 in nearby [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
He was possessive in his manner and , though a slave , obviously was educated after a fashion and imitated the manners of his owners . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hanging on and on past any man's patience some final stab of conclusion ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There are certainly large areas of understanding in the human sciences which in themselves and even without political invention can help to dispel our present fears . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through Ladgham , Mr. [FILTERED] sent a message along those lines to Tunisian President [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Get Happy , junior '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
They thought it would be a chance for you to make a life out where nobody will be thought any better than the next except for just what's inside of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
But time is running out , and many of [FILTERED]'s admirers begin to fear that he will never find terra firma . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here in the God-forsaken place , the westerly end of nowhere , [FILTERED] Lord looked almost insignificant , almost contemptible . (Filtered Words: 1)
These data lead to a structure in which sheets of [FILTERED] atoms lie between two sheets of O atoms . (Filtered Words: 1)
the accent is on improvisation rather than arrangements . (Filtered Words: 0)
You should complain '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The administration at the same time , looks to the chairmen for strategic aid in building stronger departments . (Filtered Words: 0)
They've got no official standing on this side of the Bay . (Filtered Words: 0)
He called Pike a thief . (Filtered Words: 0)
Impressive as this enumeration is , it barely hints at the diverse perceptions of Jews , collectively or individually , that have been attested by their [FILTERED] environment . (Filtered Words: 1)
bushes swished and scratched at her slacks ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He cleaned his shovel , left it against the fence , picked up his Winchester , and started downstream . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the author very justly says : (Filtered Words: 0)
While 2-year-olds are still gaining most of the attention at the track , green horses are starting to go a bit , and [FILTERED] has several that can really make it . (Filtered Words: 1)
The era , however , is Janus-faced . (Filtered Words: 0)
You shoulder your way through the cluster of the curious and you barge up to the cop on the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
The flood is not as great -- only 700 a week according to one apparently conservative account -- but it is symptomatic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reflecting the largest percentage of high-end sets such as consoles and combinations since 1953 , dollar value of home entertainment electronics in 1960 was about $1.9 billion , compared to $1.7 billion in 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She served one four-year term on the national committee . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Via must have it '' , I answered readily enough , recalling her last visit . (Filtered Words: 0)
And romantic ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you one of these ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He doesn't like to rise and shine . (Filtered Words: 0)
What we will be sacrificing in any such arrangement will be our power to be selective which is contained in the reciprocal trade principle under which we now operate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here he was , suddenly caught up in the delirium of a war , in the spite and calumny of Whigs and Tories . (Filtered Words: 0)
And those without beards would have stood out as not dressed for the occasion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of course , some of my color values do not match the old Master's and the perspective is faulty but I believe it to be a fair copy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There she extracted two limp vellum sheets and wrote off the letters , one to Abel , one to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What worrisome thing happens ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His mother Bess , who could not write herself , reminded her husband through Sturley to buy the apron he had promised her and `` a suite of hattes for 5 boies the yongst lined & trimmed with silke '' ( for John , only a year old ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Very recently , observations have been made at 8-mm wave length with a reflector 22 meters in diameter with a resultant beam width of only about 2' ( Amenitskii , Noskova , and Salomonovich , 1960 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somersaults (Filtered Words: 0)
The man whose reactions and conclusions get the most space is , of course , the Field Marshal himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thing is that these bees love a fine-grained soil that is moist ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes it was dangerous for her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fat man winced . (Filtered Words: 0)
When things got a little out of hand , they very rapidly got a lot out of hand -- it seemed to be a general rule . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the social side , the chore [FILTERED] had at the formal receptions at the White House thrilled her the most . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was reading from the Talmud with a group of men from his congregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The action centers about a group of outspoken and offbeat students sitting around a table in a cafeteria and their collective and ultimately fruitless search for a cup of hot coffee . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider installing supplemental serving lines in production areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nutritious and a cholesterol reducer (Filtered Words: 0)
Serious , yes , but also much laughter . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] informed us ( The Psychology Of Women , Vol. 2 , , 434 ) that in all cultures `` the term ' stepmother ' automatically evokes deprecatory implications '' , a conclusion accepted by many . (Filtered Words: 1)
Other than this very significant result , most of the information now available about the radio emission of the planets is restricted to the intensity of the radiation . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked him if he took seeds from his own plants . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the course of our talk , [FILTERED] mentioned that he spent part of each week studying . (Filtered Words: 1)
Barton nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , that's me . (Filtered Words: 1)
We'll work out about an hour on Saturday , then we'll work Monday and Tuesday of next week , then taper off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once again [FILTERED] moved among them like a father ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
She concluded by asking him to name another hour should this one be inconvenient . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do employees contribute their share of money to recreational facilities ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The man is right , and at this time , indications are that these three are ready for better seasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did not believe him ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps a course in typewriting might be regarded as the exception which proves the rule . (Filtered Words: 0)
The heat intensified on Tuesday . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hoped they would put in somewhere way , way down in the earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
She jumped out onto the flat expanse of rock and , seating herself , shook her short-cut brown hair and tilted her chin far upward . (Filtered Words: 0)
Means edged closer . (Filtered Words: 0)
What words had any meaning ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
By the very nature of the situation , it is the union which has been able to select the time and place to bring pressure upon management . (Filtered Words: 0)
This pressure measurement may be made at the same time that the ultrasonic dimensioning measurement is made . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , like Beth March , suffered ill health -- got rheumatic fever and had to be careful of her heart -- but that never dampened her spirits . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` How do you like it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the years of publication , supplement and replacement sheets were issued periodically . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this respect , the general palatability and individual acceptance of most radiosterilized foods has , to date , been found to be low in comparison with fresh and commercially processed foods . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was jailed and banished . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] passed through it and moved toward the dark mass of horses . (Filtered Words: 1)
This letter concluded with an invitation : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
It's really rotten to drink good cognac like that , but I hadn't cared before . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hello , [FILTERED] , how are you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
And while her Adonis did not suffer from inexperience , satiety might well be an equal handicap . (Filtered Words: 0)
But her conscious need was to break away from constricting patterns of form , a need to let the experience shape itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have it with me , right here . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I bumped into a door handle '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
What is there about us that makes us so anxious ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware were to be enjoined from acquiring stock in or exercising control over General Motors ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I introduced my friend [FILTERED] to Pops and we made ourselves comfortable . (Filtered Words: 1)
It seemed that I would be the gainer if I accepted the peace and quiet , instead of carrying out my threats . (Filtered Words: 0)
The study of the St. Louis area's economic prospects prepared for the Construction Industry Joint Conference confirms and reinforces both the findings of the Metropolitan St. Louis Survey of 1957 and the easily observed picture of the Missouri-Illinois countryside . (Filtered Words: 0)
The job at Funk wasn't particularly better , but it got him away from being subordinate to John and assured him steady advancement , since Funk was owned to a large degree by various branches of [FILTERED]'s family . (Filtered Words: 1)
The library has open shelves even in the unbound periodical stockroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
The March gain plus this optimism has been encouraging enough to prompt auto makers to boost production schedules for the next quarter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't think you have to start with the most expensive equipment in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , if you want to throw all caution to the winds and rent an Imperial or Cadillac limousine just for you and your bride , you'll have a memorable tour , but it won't be cheap , and it is not recommended unless you own a producing oil well or you've had a winner in the Irish Sweepstakes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had lived for almost thirty years in this same stone farmhouse with the same wife , a remarkably childish thing in itself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who gave the only piano recital of the recently concluded 23rd Beethoven Festival , penetrated deep into the spirit of the style . (Filtered Words: 1)
One of the more seriously wounded was [FILTERED] , the young officer bucking for the Regular Army . (Filtered Words: 1)
Illustrations were prepared for 11 Department of the Army manuals and one Graphic Training Aid . (Filtered Words: 0)
You mean picture of me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There's more reading and instruction to be heard on discs than ever before , although the spoken rather than the sung word is as old as [FILTERED] first experiment in recorded sound . (Filtered Words: 1)
But California is where we're goin '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The quest offers careers . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked good , with her short tousled hair and no make-up . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any inquiry into the way in which great literature affects the emotions , particularly with respect to the sense of harmony , or relief of tension , or sense of `` a transformed inner nature '' which may occur , a most careful exploration of the particular feature of the experience which produces the effect would be required . (Filtered Words: 0)
My future lay solely with the hall , yet what did I know about the hall at this point ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Have you ever tried to reason with an Eskimo '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She continues to add to the pollen supply as needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
True , we do not know how they were regarded in their day , but we need not believe the epic audience to have been more insensitive to the formulas than the numerous scholars of modern times who have read Germanic or Homeric poetry all their lives and still found much to admire in occasional occurrences of the most familiar phrases . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The human ego being what it is '' , I put in , `` science fiction has always assumed that the creatures on the planets of a thousand larger solar systems than ours must look like gigantic tube-nosed fruit bats . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was `` Duty '' he said that his parents had given him as a rule -- beyond even the love that suffused his being and the sense of humor with which he was largely supplied -- and it was duty he would perform , though it cost him acute pain and exhausted him by the age of fifty . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it may be that one or both men actually welcomed the opportunity , when the bravado comments are cast aside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take that spot over there '' , he whispered , pointing to a small clump of blackness . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he protested , the hotel owner said : (Filtered Words: 0)
Stevie was constantly slipping into the church . (Filtered Words: 0)
The name presumably derives from the French royal house which never learned and never forgot ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Her temper sparked like charcoal when it first lights up . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cannot , of course , examine each proposal from scratch . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked up at her sharply . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That important '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's going on here ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This is our duty -- not as nurses or city employes -- but as citizens of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] Fahrenheit 451 ( 1954 ) presents a book-burning society in which wall television and hearing-aid radios enslave men's minds ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
To cooperatives (Filtered Words: 0)
I wouldn't have wasted time puzzling over this couple were it not for my fear that all the other inhabitants of Catatonia were equally unreal . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You are to be accused of Arianism to confuse the religious who remain loyal '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
An agent would likely be selected which would possess sufficient viability and virulence stability to meet realistic minimal logistic requirements . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 1 ) '' (Filtered Words: 0)
and in the fact that she bases her decisions about work , college , carreer , and studies on what others are doing , rather than on her own sense of identity with given skills , abilities , likes , and dislikes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm [FILTERED] , the boy answered . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now for their exodus from Gulf Springs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those men , lying in the huts , they did not know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Little enough joy was afforded [FILTERED] in the spring of 1925 , when another destructive fire broke out at Taliesin . (Filtered Words: 1)
After a while , we became aware that the money was disappearing as fast as we replenished it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He might tell her how sorry a spectacle she was making of herself , pretending to be blind to the way Julia Fortune had taken [FILTERED]'s affections from her . (Filtered Words: 1)
Bottoms of the floorboards are also painted and the flooring is then screwed in place . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] followed Eddie into the office and shut the door . (Filtered Words: 1)
To him life was a restless boredom that began with the rising sun and ended only with sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
But do the plays deal with the same facets of experience religion must also deal with ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and after that the Japanese cherries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Planning division (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , to cite but one example , the Pax Britannica of the nineteenth century , whether with the British navy ruling the seas or with the City of London ruling world finance , was strictly national in motivation , however much other nations ( e.g. , the United States ) may have incidentally benefited . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would agriculture progress as rapidly as industry ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The 1954 Amendments completely changed the financing of the vocational rehabilitation program , providing for a three-part grant structure -- for ( 1 ) basic support ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gyp'll be holdin' forth in some bar if he's here at all '' , [FILTERED] declared , glancing along the street as they stretched their legs . (Filtered Words: 1)
But Mr. [FILTERED] seems to have assumed he would be given the right to pick Mr. [FILTERED]'s successor . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Visa ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Just no spot , not even a dimesize spot , on her whole body that wasn't bruised , bruise on top of bruise , from beatings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Holidays (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , a little parkish place '' , Charlotte said , and concluded , `` Anyhow , it's all very nice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something had to be done ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Shootin' 'em out '' was gettin' cattle out of a corral onto the range . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyone's identification with an international struggle , whether warlike or peaceful , requires absurd oversimplification and intense emotional involvement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now this 1920 view of the atom was on the whole a discouraging picture . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , she dropped the keys on a small table beside the door and went upstairs to her bedroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] , physicist , President of the Bell Telephone Laboratories , was elected to the Board of Trustees . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s thoughts must have been keeping silent pace beside his own , climbing the same crags in dirty white sneakers , clambering out on top of the headland and coming upon the sudden glinting water at the same instant . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` There isn't anything left to say , is there , Keith '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The partition of India has hardly improved relations between Hindus and Muslims ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
everyone was flipping silver dollars . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the larvae hatch , they feed on the beebread , although they also receive extra honey meals from their mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked with a reportorial gleam in her eye . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the contrary , it would only weaken his position if he fumed , while she stayed calm and adamant . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That isn't a boulevard , it's a racetrack '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The striptease is crass ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Herold , he saw , had fled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The action is a drop-block , handling all the standard (Filtered Words: 0)
One or two were writers of books ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Cryptic '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
A minor who has gross income of less than $600 is entitled to a refund if income tax was withheld from his wages . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no hint of a violent struggle now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead we have stood idly by , watched our commuter railroad service decline , and have failed to offer a helping hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
There must be several dozen species in the United States alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
The eyes were clear and black and the slender body was arched slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
New point added (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather , such assignments are made , as they must be , on the basis of certain overall rules and standards , representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem , taking into account for each situation some of the variables ( e.g. , power and station separations ) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
But now -- well , it would be a blessing , I think . (Filtered Words: 0)
The blacked-in blades indicate a fixed aspect -- the blade does not move . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each evening the students appeared with the soup kettle and several petits pains , [FILTERED] usually being among them . (Filtered Words: 1)
Red was small and fine-boned , like ivory-inlay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes she can -- to a large extent -- help him overcome them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Extension of the ADC program to all children in need living with any relatives , including both parents , as a means of preserving family unity . (Filtered Words: 0)
His rock was special because no one on the beach could see him here . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Bonner departed , still full of ill will . (Filtered Words: 0)
The report was completed after nearly eighteen months of work on the question of the organization of the United Nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
They rode to the Rockfork House , a little farther along the opposite side of the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
Memphis stinkpotters like McKellar Lake , inside the city limits , and sailors look for autumn winds at Arkabutla Lake where fall racing is now in progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
No lack of opportunity , presuming she had a gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I thought you was sick to death of this big house . (Filtered Words: 0)
No formal charges have been filed as a result of either of the two reported incidents . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This is my hen ledger '' , he informed him in an absorbed way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of this goes on in offices high up in Wall Street's lofty wind-swept towers . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was all of these rolled into one sturdy figure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I was amazed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm a little groggy . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the basis of the findings which led to this conclusion , the Court remanded the case to the District Court to determine the appropriate relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sensation he so overwhelmingly realized was one which told him he had been there before but he knew he had not , and could not recall any place he had visited to be likened to the limpid green water or the little fountain-falls or the green demon imprisoned beyond his reach . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) tapping the energies of the entire population . (Filtered Words: 0)
Student musical organizations are the Knights of Carleton and the Overtones ( men's vocal groups ) , and the Keynotes ( a women's singing group ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
She ate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rep. [FILTERED] of Sherman , sponsor of the bill , said a failure to enact it would amount `` to making a gift out of the taxpayers' pockets to banks , insurance and pipeline companies '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rexroth may sometimes achieve an effective juxtaposition , but he rarely makes any effort to capture any jazz `` feeling '' in the text of his poems , relying on his very competent musicians to supply this feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to Welch's chagrin , the police captain pooh-poohed Welch's credulity in Barco's confession . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said now , `` I've got the perfect headquarters set up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negro parents have filed application for admission of additional children to schools in Alexandria , Arlington , Fairfax , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Tell him under no circumstances to trust the prime minister with Mahzeer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their heads were in the air sniffing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would spring bolt upright suddenly after sitting quietly with inaction , because something had boiled over in his fermenting juices . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sat down next to a heavily-upholstered blonde , but she was cleaned out in twenty minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm just a poor ex-jazz man , name of -- uh -- [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Too many plant officials are all too eager to buy a package program from an insurance company simply because it works for another plant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Walking was the remedy , they decided , but a deck full of chicken coops and pigpens was hardly suitable . (Filtered Words: 0)
I helped Lilly in the store . (Filtered Words: 0)
Curt followed , reaching behind him to shut the door and hook it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since a national interpretation cannot be avoided it is unfortunate that the elections were not held in a way to maximize party responsibility and the educational effect of mass political participation . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this , the Peace Corps should be administered by a small , new , alive agency operating as one component in our whole overseas operation . (Filtered Words: 0)
In analyzing the watercolors of [FILTERED] , the first thing that comes to mind is their essential decorativeness , yet this word has such a varied connotation that it needs some elaboration here . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was no evidence that anything was different than it had been . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is difficult to reconstruct the primeval fears of man . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had returned to the pension a week ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
They offered no opinions , volunteered nothing , betrayed no emotions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take Vivian . (Filtered Words: 0)
and , now and in the future unlike in the past , any attempt to repel injury and to preserve any particular civilized attainment of mankind or its provisional justice runs some risk of nuclear warfare and the danger that an effect of it will , by human action , render this planet less habitable by the human race . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a pilot operation sponsored by a new entity chartered in Delaware as the Tri-State Pipeline Corporation , with principal offices in New York State . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How ya gonna keep 'em down on the farm '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The small shaft of blue had drifted down and come to rest at his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had the stick forward and the throttle up before he heard the two `` Rogers '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The infant , in white terry-cloth bathrobe , her face intense and purposeful , had essayed a few wobbly steps toward her father . (Filtered Words: 0)
Red wines of good years tend to mature later and to keep longer ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Imagine that . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The smell permeates everything '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Single-seeded dry fruits used for flavoring include several of the carrot family , such as cumin , dill , fennel , and angelica . (Filtered Words: 0)
The resolution under discussion at the convention was to require the boards of election to instruct judges to properly display the American flag . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you have taken this stroll in the morning , and you have the time and inclination , walk to the right along the crowded Corso for half a dozen blocks to visit the fine private collection of paintings -- mainly of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries -- in the Palazzo Doria ( open Sunday , Tuesday , and Thursday , 10:00 to 1:00 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
nearby , another sits motionless , while still another is twirling an umbrella . (Filtered Words: 0)
I myself had been up there by seven o'clock , after mushrooms , since there'd been a week of rain which had stopped early that morning and the day was as clear as Sandwich glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
After being closed for seven months , the Garden of the Gods Club will have its gala summer opening Saturday , June 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] walked up to him at the magazine stand . (Filtered Words: 1)
The 350th anniversary of the King James Bible is being celebrated simultaneously with the publishing today of the New Testament , the first part of the New English Bible , undertaken as a new translation of the Scriptures into contemporary English . (Filtered Words: 0)
The game opened a busy week for Washington . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tooth deformity may be the result of excessive thumb- or finger-sucking , tongue-thrusting , or lip-sucking -- but it's important to remember that there's a difference between normal and excessive sucking habits . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Notable in this category are the Jupiter and Thor intermediate range ballistic missiles , which have been successfully developed , produced , and deployed , but the relative importance of which has diminished with the increasing availability of the [FILTERED] intercontinental ballistic missile . (Filtered Words: 1)
For readjustment to the U.S. , volunteers should be given some separation allowance at the end of their overseas service , based on the length of time served . (Filtered Words: 0)
Esther jumped up , ran to him and gave him a little hug . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] say she won't '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Characteristics of defense sales activities ( Part B of the questionnaire ) 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men in power are committed in principle to modernization , but economic and social changes are proceeding only erratically . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] tried their best to persuade her to come and stay with them , and [FILTERED] and I have told her she's more than welcome here , but I think she feels that she might be an imposition , especially as long as our [FILTERED] is still in high school . (Filtered Words: 4)
The revolution now under way in materials handling makes this much easier . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for the ladies , they were full of charm , and sincerity , and deep and abiding affection for this hurrying driving , honest , little man . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was her work to go among her neighbors and collect their checks . (Filtered Words: 0)
His nose was tickled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead she waited for Alfred to get better and take care of her . (Filtered Words: 0)
An adequate system of VA hospitals is better equipped to care for the veterans than any 50 state hospitals . (Filtered Words: 0)
For large letters , e.g. thermoformed of acrylic or butyrate , there are other techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does anybody think of saving the life of an anti-Communist American pilot ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't want her back on that broken record . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only ' fellows ' in our company are those who have been honored by ASME , AIEE or AIChE . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the fire was directed by [FILTERED] against Dallas and Sen. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
He is most effective in the ordinary business of the House , and in the legislative accomplishments of this session , he easily rose to great occasion -- even at the height of unpleasantness and exciting legislative struggle -- and as the Nation witnessed these contests , he rose , even as admitted by those who differed with him , to the proportions of a hero and a noble partisan . (Filtered Words: 0)
I expected [FILTERED] -- as a man with a strain of Melanesian in his blood -- to speak to them . (Filtered Words: 1)
Where was the driver now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] wouldn't hear of it , and she took the heater back to [FILTERED]'s room , and [FILTERED] took it back to [FILTERED]'s room , and the two of them dragged it back and forth until [FILTERED] tipped it over and almost set her bedspread on fire . (Filtered Words: 4)
`` Along with the fruit they did also fall under the power of death , because they did eat in disobedience ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
See Chapter 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Which American ambassadors could provide helpful advice ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
such composers as Monteverdi , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , with the same goal in mind , had developed styles of recitative sensitively attuned to their own languages . (Filtered Words: 2)
Never mind how much I cut it , how much I get '' , and he smiled his sleepy smile again . (Filtered Words: 0)
269 F. 2d 613 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any example of grand or exquisite diction may have been created by the poet who compiled numerous lays into the two works we possess or may be due to one of his completely unknown fellow-craftsmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dance , dancers and dance enthusiasts ( 8,500 of them ) had a much better time of it at Lewisohn Stadium on Saturday night than all had had two nights earlier , when [FILTERED] presented the first of two dance programs . (Filtered Words: 1)
There are , he thought , so few true means of forgetfulness in this life that why should he shun the medicine even when the medicine seemed , as it did , a little crude ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get in '' , [FILTERED] said brusquely . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is even one set that has `` barbecue '' written on it . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he pulled away from the irrelevant old volumes and walked around to the newer ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still nursing anger I listlessly thumbed a car that was slowly approaching , its pre-war chrome nearly blinding me . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was something on which K. himself seemed to have some doubts ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and the daily duties of individuals were basically religious in nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ran down the line , slashing picket ropes with the bayonet . (Filtered Words: 1)
it is particularly the artist ( [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , Leverkuhn ) who suffers from it . (Filtered Words: 2)
In his book Civilization And Ethics [FILTERED] faces the moral problems which arise when moral law is recognized in business life , for example . (Filtered Words: 1)
Need for sound tax policy (Filtered Words: 0)
There was typhoid and malaria . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trouble with all these doctrinal quarrels is that we hear only one side of the story : what , in the secret councils of the Kremlin , Molotov had really proposed , we just don't know , and he has had no chance to reply . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Will you please wait in here . (Filtered Words: 0)
As far as we know , no American bridge had been thus protected in 1792 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The three had little to say to each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wonder is indeed the intellectual gateway to the spiritual world . (Filtered Words: 0)
But even on these , the palette often takes over while the shotgun cools off ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The initial setting of the availability table indicated that the index word or electronic switch was not available for assignment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only other works at least technically original were dreary farces -- Send Me No [FILTERED] ( closed ) , Under [FILTERED] , Critic's Choice . (Filtered Words: 2)
No girl would go this far to fool a man so she could kill him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took a midnight train out of Cleveland Saturday , without an official word to anybody , and has stayed away from newsmen on his train trip across the nation to Reno , Nev. , where his wife , former Olympic Diving Champion Zoe Ann Olsen , awaited . (Filtered Words: 0)
To enable students and the public to spot [FILTERED] forgeries , the Delaware Art Center ( according to its director , [FILTERED] ) will maintain a complete file of photographs of all [FILTERED] works , as well as a card index file . (Filtered Words: 3)
Explosion avoided (Filtered Words: 0)
The alternative to this is that if a conservative candidate is nominated the national committee will have to appeal to the trusts for their campaign funds , and in doing this will incur obligations which would make a Democratic victory absolutely fruitless . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hold edges together , right side up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hub considered . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I think of people like you , well , I '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Nature's aim , different from ours , is to provide for the coming generation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore of course I will help '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And that's what I'm going to tell Jim '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
this is a question which I have no wish to take up -- condensation is a phenomenon in which one finds not a condensed expression of various feelings and ideas which are , at an unconscious level , well sorted out , but rather a condensed expression of feelings and ideas which , even in the unconscious , have yet to become well differentiated from one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll see , [FILTERED]'s settling down '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
On Wednesday morning , November 2 , 1859 , the Providence Daily Journal stated that although [FILTERED] justly deserved the extreme penalty , no man , however criminal , ought to suffer the penalty without a fair trial . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Leave me your address . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually it would be more accurate to say that the leader of the alliance now has swung fully behind the British policy of seeking to achieve a neutral Laos via the international bargaining table . (Filtered Words: 0)
I myself had been up there by seven o'clock , after mushrooms , since there'd been a week of rain which had stopped early that morning and the day was as clear as Sandwich glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , as a field measurement , it is open to question . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unlike the Sicilians , he additionally conducted holdups , robberies , and safe-cracking expeditions , and refused to touch prostitution . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's quite a rat , you know . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , if he marks as most correct a reading not meant for him , the total experimental score falls . (Filtered Words: 0)
We cannot conceive of Oedipus without a Sphinx , nor of Hamlet without a Ghost . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Plot '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Many years later ( on August 3 , 1915 ) , [FILTERED] wrote [FILTERED]'s daughter soon to be graduated from Smith College : `` While I love botany which , after dabbling in for years , I studied according to the methods of that day exactly forty years ago in a summer school , it must be fascinating to take up zoology in the way you are doing . (Filtered Words: 2)
The Poetics , in affirming that all human arts are `` modes of imitation '' , gives a more serious role to artistic mimesis than did [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The fact that such threat is potent in the beginning reading lessons is thought to be a vital factor in the continued pattern of failure or under-achievement these children exhibit . (Filtered Words: 0)
The procedure for determining the amounts of money to be spent by county colleges and raised by taxation will certainly startle many taxpayers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , these guesses about the outcome of the struggle cannot be as important as the actual power relationship between the Soviet Union and ourselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
his bride opened the store . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similar considerations presumably made it difficult to prescribe a general rule where the acquired and acquiring corporations have different methods of accounting ( section 381(c)(4) ) or depreciation ( section 381(c)(6) ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was in earnest conversation with her father and the old vaquero , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
At birth , this species varies considerably in size . (Filtered Words: 0)
The customer loses again (Filtered Words: 0)
This type of borrowing can be reduced to a minimum if quarterly installment payment of taxes is instituted and the first payment placed near the opening of the fiscal year . (Filtered Words: 0)
But what you haven't got is the heart to back up that talent with . (Filtered Words: 0)
The programs in infrared spectroscopy are undergoing reorientation toward wavelength standards in the far infrared , the application of infrared techniques to solid state studies , and increased emphasis on high resolution instrumentation . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , land has been purchased to permit doubling the size of the plant in the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
You see , besides being custodian of antiquities , I am also registrar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beverages are made from seeds the world over . (Filtered Words: 0)
Logically , it should be moved downtown . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's get dressed up -- the doctor's taking us out tonight '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said that the group has no candidates for the charter commission in mind at present , but that it will undoubtedly endorse candidates when the time comes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , all but blind , he said there was nothing in Back to Methuselah -- , -- `` G.B.S. ought to have known that '' , -- and `` I look at my bookshelves despairingly , knowing that I can have nothing more to do with them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Jews had been banished from England in 1290 and were not permitted to return before 1655 , when [FILTERED] had been dead for thirty-nine years . (Filtered Words: 1)
it was hideously embarrassing -- `` not to let the prime minister be alone with Mahzeer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Which recommended a federal government scholarship program . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] a length of 1/8'' '' dia. drill rod into a drill press or some similar turning device and while it is rotating file the end square and then file a slight taper 1/8'' '' long . (Filtered Words: 1)
Numbers to be multiplied together may be multiplied in any order . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't think it was possible for this couple to be pretending . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where is he '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You know , that's very interesting . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same old question . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I never saw men '' , [FILTERED] declared in regard to the riflemen , `` so merry , so spirited , and so desirous to go on to the enemy , whatever force they might have , as that small party in this fight '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
I put my arm carefully around him . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was nothing he could do but wait . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was much embracing , much exclaiming . (Filtered Words: 0)
Following the term of service in Japan , each emissary returns for a brief visit to the campus to interpret his experience to the college community . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let me give Papa blood '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great world beyond beckons . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not a medieval mental quirk or an attitude `` unnourished by sense '' to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk , or that such a possibility should not be permitted to endanger the confidentiality of the marriage relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
2.6 and 2.7 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And so today when we examine the structure of our knowledge of the atom and of the universe , we are forced to conclude that the best word to describe our universe is music . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a twist would be a tragedy for the Dominican people , who deserve to breathe without fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's some dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
He put the basket down distastefully , muttering softly and thoroughly disgusted with himself and his plan that had seemed so foolproof . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is a great conception . (Filtered Words: 0)
Getting the boss rattlesnake to help you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A nigger boy opened the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a composer . (Filtered Words: 0)
A slight change in the work schedule may cut the production of cows or chickens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fear-maddened , fleeing the lengthening shadow of death , he scrambled to his feet again . (Filtered Words: 0)
There comes a time in the lives of most of us when we want to be alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consulting Electrical Engineer , (Filtered Words: 0)
As a stanch party man and a rabid Democrat , he had little tolerance for Whigs like Pike , and Pike lost any immediate personal advantage his victory over [FILTERED] might have gained him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now the drinking of wine ( and happily so ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] dismounted and climbed the steps . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] asked again that the board join in taking a stand in keeping with [FILTERED] program . (Filtered Words: 2)
Leaving his rifle in the wagon , Tilghman walked up to the door and hammered on it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took advantage of the antagonism between aggressive assertiveness and anxiety and found a relatively rapid disappearance of anxiety when the former attitude was established . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shipbuilding , aircraft procurement , and weapon programs indicate that there will not be enough of anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , if public pressure sets the effective limit to the price that the industry may charge , this pressure is itself a function of the wage rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
She kept repeating . (Filtered Words: 0)
And one cannot but wonder whether [FILTERED] , who was blowing hot and cold , exalting peace but also almost openly considering the possibility of preventive war against the West , wasn't trying to keep the Chinese quiet . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here I do not speak of military power where our advantage is obvious and overwhelming but of political power -- of influence , if you will -- about which the relevant questions are : Is Soviet influence throughout the world greater or less than it was ten years ago ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Although a complete picture cannot be given , we can indicate some aspects of life into which the Christian faith entered as at least one creative factor . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a while , [FILTERED] murmured something to Cappy , and he held her close , answering , `` We'll just have to wait till we pull into Philly , honey '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Like [FILTERED] , he can distinguish an attitude toward a Russian leader he may share with a host of Americans from the responsibilities diplomatic convention may impose upon him . (Filtered Words: 1)
More than half the audience departed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was signed by everyone in the troupe . (Filtered Words: 0)
They went along the pass talking with each other for a short while until they came to a river roaring with torrent . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] lost his seat in Parliament , and his personal quarrel with Swift , by now a public issue , thus reached its climax . (Filtered Words: 1)
For example , child welfare experience abounds with cases in which the parental request for substitute care is precipitated by a crisis event which is meaningfully linked with a fundamental unresolved problem of family relationships . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , age 14 , from Baltimore , Md. , showing a [FILTERED] , was 3rd . (Filtered Words: 2)
And then 500,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Snatching the lantern from its peg , he shattered its globe with a blow against a post . (Filtered Words: 0)
With him were [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED]'s son [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
Here [FILTERED] gave a slight sigh of weariness , and continued , `` It means more long years lived across the social grain of the life of our people , making shift to live in the face of popular disrespect and misunderstanding as I best can for myself and those dependent upon me '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Finally she had come down ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
While nowadays we recognize the fact that there are many causes for bleeding at the nose , not long ago a nosebleed was simply that , and treatment had little variation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two quick shots sounded . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not a farfetched analogy to say that this is what [FILTERED] did to poetry . (Filtered Words: 1)
Off Grand Isle , yachters often visit the towering oil rigs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too early for a vacuum cleaner , but probably [FILTERED] wanted the whole house in order before he came downstairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
You took me by surprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
They all bowed low as I approached them . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , director of the corps , is certain that they can . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Isn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The developmental process involves the individual's progressively experiencing a sense of dignity and achievement resulting from having completed tasks , having kept commitments , and having created something ( however small or simple -- even a doll dress of one's own design rather than in the design `` it ought to be '' ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
With these gadgets -- impressive to the gullible because of their flashing light bulbs , ticks , and buzzes -- he then carries out a vicious medical con game , capitalizing on people's respect for the electrical and atomic wonders of our scientific age . (Filtered Words: 0)
You mean it , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Wildly bucking horses would make the position difficult to defend against charging warriors . (Filtered Words: 0)
for every grown man ( except a few who were always suspected of being shy on virility ) knew at least the fundamentals of baseball , just as every male American in this era liked to imagine ( or pretend ) that he could fight with his fists . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] says he was in his office all day with her yesterday . (Filtered Words: 1)
He didn't , but it was not really a question , and so he left the room , walked down the hall to the front of the apartment , hesitated , and then knocked lightly on the closed door of the study . (Filtered Words: 0)
It takes place as well along the terraces and through the arcades of the Khaju bridge , and also in the gardens of the square . (Filtered Words: 0)
It bewilders and befuddles him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The deacon of the church , [FILTERED] , was its janitor . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is the hope of attaining a list of items of universal occurrence . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was taken aback . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a revelation of what has been done , what is being done and what will be done in Newark as shown by architects' plans , models and pictures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do buy meat the day or the day before you intend to cook it . (Filtered Words: 0)
High Standard has introduced a (Filtered Words: 0)
Few passed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The climate and the events of the last decade , and the steady pressure of the `` cold '' war , have given Americans yet another means of avoiding self-examination , and so it has been decided that the riots were `` Communist '' inspired . (Filtered Words: 0)
how can he be financed so that he can find the work he ought to do ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
) The full forms can be derived from such information just prior to the lookup of the form in the text-form list . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since Af and P divides Af for Af , we have Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
In [FILTERED]'s analysis of tragedy in the Poetics , we find an attempt to isolate the art , to consider only those things proper to it , to discover how it differs from other arts , and to deal with the effects peculiar to it . (Filtered Words: 1)
in a certain sense , one manner of experience will be typical of any given group while another will not . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has shown considerable ingenuity in adapting his earliest symbols and devices to the new work , and the fact that he has kept a body of constant symbols through all of his experiments gives an unexpected continuity to his poetry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Along these lines , the particular point that sensitivity in literature leads to sensitivity in human relations would require more proof than I have seen . (Filtered Words: 0)
They rarely spoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then see that your youngster has a routine checkup once a year '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The aim was to state the results of all available determinations of atomic positions in crystals . (Filtered Words: 0)
rather on the medium side . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the remainder of the clear channels , the dominant ( class 1 ) -- B stations are protected as described above , and the relatively small number of secondary ( class 2 ) ) stations permitted to operate on these channels at night are required to operate directionally and/or with reduced power so as to protect the class 1 , stations . (Filtered Words: 0)
From shock and incredulity , most of the listeners went on to open resistance and animosity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thank the Lord , they still had water ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the abrupt end of Blue Throat's dictatorship in Petrie . (Filtered Words: 0)
His signal was for the other dogs to come running , but it was also the signal for Mama and the other maids to watch out . (Filtered Words: 0)
He regulated the dualities of light and darkness , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , which are locked in eternal struggle . (Filtered Words: 2)
I could have slapped the boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
In another sense , it is represented in the arguments of the `` true believers '' who seek to disprove the validity of all other beliefs and ideas in order to retain confidence in theirs . (Filtered Words: 0)
But then I wasn't her social secretary '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In its defensive formulations , the theory will attack conscious change on the grounds of the independent existence of the community . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , the congruence of its secants , that is the image of a general plane field of lines , is of order Af and class Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
We needed it and we got it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hypothesizing a series of developmental stages that begin in the individual's infancy and end in his old age , Erikson has indicated that the adolescent is faced with a series of identity crises . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several companies also saw possibilities in using the technique for extruding or molding vinyl products with a slight cellular core that would reduce costs yet would not affect physical properties of the end product to any great extent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Score one side of disk D , join to C ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll switch on the floods '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Governments apparently do not feel obligated to make the people adequately aware of this danger ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He said that from his experience of two years with Gen. [FILTERED] in West Berlin administration , that `` Russia respects our show of strength , but that presently we're not acting as we should and must '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is an accepted juridical principle in California that a Superior Court decision does not constitute a binding legal precedent . (Filtered Words: 0)
He pulled it over , climbed up , and lifted out the big volume , almost losing his balance from the weight of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Of 40 cities with populations of 300,000 and more , Mr. [FILTERED] carried 26 and Mr. [FILTERED] 14 . (Filtered Words: 2)
Curtis [FILTERED] , 41 , of 1630 Lake Av. , [FILTERED] , was arrested yesterday on a suppressed federal warrant charging him with embezzling an undetermined amount of money from the First Federal Savings and Loan association , 1 [FILTERED] , where he formerly was employed as an attorney . (Filtered Words: 3)
He said the snow plan was put in effect too slowly in December . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one of the very few letters in which he ever complained of Meynell , Thompson told Patmore of his distress at having had to leave London before this new friendship had developed further : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
A curious thought to end a curious night . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over a temperature range from 25 to 200 Af and at pressures up to 250 atm , an overload of 300 psi , applied for a period of one day , results in an uncertainty in the pressure of , at most , one millimeter of mercury . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew at a glance that the biggest sandals belonged to Niobe , the neatest ones to Concetta , and the laced ones to Romeo , Concetta's idiot brother . (Filtered Words: 0)
organization : (Filtered Words: 0)
Two poets are paired on each record , in the order given above . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lips pursed mournfully , he stared down at its crazily sagging left side . (Filtered Words: 0)
So was the audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
in an oral tradition they may be chosen for the entire epic corpus , and tend towards idealization rather than distinctive delineation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The big car sprang away from the curb like something alive . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so the sun came up again and for a moment its color was the young men's blood , shifting then into the full heat and outcry which ran with their hearts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us differentiate a few of these ideas . (Filtered Words: 0)
the colors of its back were dull and gray-looking , torn and smashed in , and dirty from the boy's shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the letter went on : she had cried , she had implored , she had been miserable at his refusal , and finally he had relented -- and now how happy she was , how expectant ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , said [FILTERED] , `` I don't . (Filtered Words: 1)
How far that pedimented and pillared style has shed its influence Mr. [FILTERED] reminds us thus : (Filtered Words: 1)
Not only can man project his imagination out into his environment in concrete forms , but even more importantly , he can turn it inward to help create new and better forms of himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not often realized to what degree certain trades are in many communities closed areas of employment , except for a lucky few . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nick asked , apprehensively , staring at the weapon . (Filtered Words: 0)
In these cases , the turnpike managements have had to turn to toll-rate increases , or to costly improvements such as extensions or better connections with other highways . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are like the initial ways in which the world forces itself upon the self and thrusts the self into decision and choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Pa don't care about the kid '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One historical authority presents laborious and circuitous testimony tending to arouse suspicion that Massachusetts was behind the clouds settling down on the embattled [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
And yet Mr. [FILTERED] persists in trying to mollify the intransigents of the right with apologies and promises of `` tightening up '' and `` economizing '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The matter may seem a small thing to some people , I know , but it's a very good start on the road to Totalitarianism The Commission has posted signs in Washington Square saying : (Filtered Words: 0)
Piepsam is not , certainly , religious in any conventional sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its enforcement was enjoined by a federal trial court . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drain off the water at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of water at the end of the sum of the times shown in Columns A and C , measured from the time the wash wheel was started . (Filtered Words: 0)
I do this work all on my own , because I understand the difficulties and I want to help these lay-sisters . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ground his teeth together . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just then [FILTERED] yelled , `` Hey , [FILTERED] '' , from the quarry road which ran behind the [FILTERED] house , and [FILTERED] grabbed the lunch from the table and darted out the kitchen door , yelling `` Good-bye , Mom '' over his shoulder . (Filtered Words: 4)
Why , we got dinner right here . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Never mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
The things left unsaid they both felt deeply , and with a sigh they fell back on the well-stuffed pillows . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , with [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , et al . (Filtered Words: 5)
Therefore , the congruence of its secants , that is the image of a general plane field of lines , is of order Af and class Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
He believed in making inspiring speeches and he made a great many . (Filtered Words: 0)
On spring and summer evenings people leave their shops and houses and walk up through the lanes of the city to the bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
The beautiful , the satisfying part of his disintegration , however , was the masterly way the [FILTERED] polished him off . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not in [FILTERED]'s anti-Semitism but in the anti-Semitism of the sober German man of affairs lay the potential warning of the Trial . (Filtered Words: 1)
The newcomer stalked toward them , and Kitty shied back , her hand to her mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can you think of anything to do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
-- This investigation involved several aspects . (Filtered Words: 0)
By rough estimate her Committee , headed by [FILTERED] , contains three times as many Republicans as Democrats . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It's the second time War Ax hands made a play for that money . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your mother hated this way of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Corporations are apt by nature to be impersonal , inhumane , shortsighted and almost exclusively profit-motivated , a picture they could scarcely afford to present to the public . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was knocking down checks at faro '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The charge that the federal indictment of three Chicago narcotics detail detectives `` is the product of rumor , combined with malice , and individual enmity '' on the part of the federal narcotics unit here was made yesterday in their conspiracy trial before Judge [FILTERED] in federal District court . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her mother was a [FILTERED] and her father's family came from the Orkney Isles . (Filtered Words: 1)
Remember , man , remember . (Filtered Words: 0)
What else was there to say ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nonresidential at $253,355,000 , up 22 per cent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The audience did not think much of the new pastor , and what the new pastor thought of the audience he did not dare at the time to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ships disappear hull-first over the horizon ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A band of robbers enters a railroad station , overpowers and ties up the telegraph operator , holds up the train and escapes . (Filtered Words: 0)
many came from Communist countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's below the water-line interests me also . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You are the ' Peoples' Poet ' '' was her appraisal in 1908 , and she stopped teaching and writing to devote herself to the fulfillment of her husband's career . (Filtered Words: 0)
U. S. Rubber Company , New York , passes out a form itemizing the value of benefits . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cut clay top and base pieces ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But no President ever before referred to his as a `` lousy job '' ( as [FILTERED] recently quoted President [FILTERED] as doing in conversation with Sen. [FILTERED] ) . (Filtered Words: 3)
The greatest difference in the two sets of figures is due to differences in the two sets of lists used . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too often a beginning bodybuilder has to do his training secretly either because his parents don't want sonny-boy to `` lift all those old barbell things '' because `` you'll stunt your growth '' or because childish taunts from his schoolmates , like `` Hey lookit Mr. [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's [FILTERED] who is applying to Hanford College . (Filtered Words: 1)
It doesn't really matter which month of the year you sow them , but they germinate best when they have a wide variation of temperature , very warm followed by cool in the same 24 hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are we better off for having [FILTERED]'s idea of [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
Before he left town [FILTERED] saw to it that I was fixed up with a job . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the basement the sheriff took him to a small , dingy office occupied by a tall , thin man informal in rolled-up shirt sleeves . (Filtered Words: 0)
he collapses , and dies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The log was spinning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Binomial trials . (Filtered Words: 0)
This appears to be high , as would be expected from the appreciable viscosity of the material in the drops . (Filtered Words: 0)
The water was warm and stale and had a brackish taste . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wow . (Filtered Words: 0)
An alternative was found in the vagueness of state law as to whether the offending order had in fact been authorized . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
You see what I mean ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How can you be so damn stupid ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Figger we got to be plumb careful with any of you Highlands big shots '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The compilation work was undertaken by a number of interested crystallographers in the Department of Mineralogy of the University Museum at Oxford . (Filtered Words: 0)
That parallelism affects his picture of man's disobedience too ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A flow rate of 72 Af was used and 12 ml fractions were collected . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is being done so that Georgia Tech can complete the final phase of a traffic survey on the North Expressway . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gun on shoulder , he would march smartly for a few yards , bring his heels together with a click , make a brisk pirouette , skirts flaring , and march back to his point of departure . (Filtered Words: 0)
That way he can truck his parts right indoors and unload them under the roof . (Filtered Words: 0)
It hung momentarily on the point of dropping off . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore to Helva , the problem that she couldn't open her mouth to sing , among other restrictions , did not bother her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Armed Forces Epidemiological Board agreed to submit each month a report for one of its 12 commissions , so that each commission will report once a year on some phase of its work calculated to be of particular interest and value to medical officers of the Armed Forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even eggs and other cholesterol-rich foods , eaten in normal amounts , says Dr. [FILTERED] , do not materially affect the amount of cholesterol in the blood . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was laid out in 196 for chariot races and other public games . (Filtered Words: 0)
For his birthday , because [FILTERED] had seen them in a store and asked for them , his mother bought him the Zend-Avesta and a little image of the Indian god , Acala . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] undertook the work of going from house to house with the thoughtless resignation of an honest and traditional laborer . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] looked for the fourth man . (Filtered Words: 1)
There's no greater catastrophe in the universe , she reflected dourly , impaling tender green beans on the silver fork , than the dwindling away of a family . (Filtered Words: 0)
His own communication apparatus operated superbly , and [FILTERED] readers will note instantly its total lack of resemblance to the blunted , monumentally unmeshed mechanism of Dr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Much interest has also been expressed in new techniques for processing the urethane foams , including spraying , frothing , and molding ( see article , p. 391 for details ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
So an objective look at our present procedures may move us to consider seriously this possibly analogous situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) residents , absent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
fruit does nicely . (Filtered Words: 0)
( E ) (Filtered Words: 0)
But first I want to quote him on the relationship that he found between religion and politics in this country and what happened to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The symbol is used to separate two or more numbers . (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ) chain conformations of polymeric chains (Filtered Words: 2)
But [FILTERED] worries that the Metrecal drinker will never make either the psychological or physiological adjustment to the idea of eating smaller portions of food . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'll decide that when I get there . (Filtered Words: 0)
At a siding , another train which was a familiar sight these days . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] crossed the narrow street , squeezing between parked cars to reach the sidewalk . (Filtered Words: 1)
Procurement , research , and construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I want this to sink in awhile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simple elongation has been treated in detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Acting Administrator [FILTERED] said that because of Field's unique position and knowledge in the program , the agency now would be seriously handicapped if he was not continued for a period . (Filtered Words: 1)
( But that is another story . (Filtered Words: 0)
High Standard has introduced a (Filtered Words: 0)
It all did look very efficient and shipshape . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the image of man has suffered complete fragmentation in personal and spiritual qualities , and complete objectification in sub-human and quasi-mechanistic powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither acknowledged the gift . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a means of silencing a discussion which ought to have taken place , the statement is an effective one : we sympathize with the universal confusion which gives rise to such convictions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Appeals were heard for two days two weeks ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , First Viscount Slim , former Governor General of Australia , was the principal British commander in the field during the Burma War . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the lines of any plane , **yp , meeting Q in a conic C , are transformed into the congruence of secants of the curve C' into which C is transformed in the point involution on Q . (Filtered Words: 0)
( E ) (Filtered Words: 0)
They had lunch at a sidewalk cafe overlooking the intersection of two broad , busy , unpicturesque streets , and coming home they got lost in the Metro ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mail orders for the season and orders for single tickets at $2 , may be addressed to the society , 1044 Chestnut Street , San Francisco 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I didn't see her till several days later at the wedding , and her face looked like it had never had a blemish on it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tried to see her face more clearly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American people have indeed come a long way in the brief interval between 1930 and 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's good to see you again , Styka '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The warning system immediately went into action . (Filtered Words: 0)
The industry of this model is so important that its wage and price policies are affected with a public interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
He seemed to antagonize everyone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet General [FILTERED] -- who had never forgotten hearing his adored Czarina declare that all truly great men had oddities -- was mad only north , northwest . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] stood up . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yes '' , the German said . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have , within the past fifty years , come out of all uncertainty into a faith which is a dominating conviction of the Truth and about which I have not a shadow of doubt . (Filtered Words: 0)
The committee for the annual Central City fashion show has been announced by Mrs. [FILTERED] , chairman . (Filtered Words: 1)
The child was gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The individual with high anxiety in the structured classroom may approach the learning task with the same increased energy and lowered powers of discrimination . (Filtered Words: 0)
and ( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's perfectly understandable , [FILTERED] '' , my mother said in a friendly way . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` This ain't enough '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Cunard line has under consideration replacing the Queen Mary with a ship smaller than 75,000 tons . (Filtered Words: 0)
You must know before you start what the needs and objectives of your organization are ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For this decision a man must take personal responsibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
This means practically everybody in this room . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you wish to budget closely on transportation , saving your extra dollars to indulge in luxuries , one agency lists the small Fiat 500 at only $1.26 a day plus $.03 a kilometer and the Fiat 2100 Station Wagon , seating six , at just $1.10 a day and $.105 a kilometer . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the end , I did the same old picture , the naked girl and the guy in the doorway , only I put a Lord Byron shirt on the guy , gave him a sword instead of a pistol , and painted in furniture from the stills of a costume movie . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was taken after I came to live in Springfield , and it was made under the guidance of the Reverend [FILTERED] , a young preacher who came to the Congregational Church there at about the same time that I moved from New York . (Filtered Words: 1)
The promise that the lion and the lamb will lie down together was given in the future tense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those accustomed to broader , more romantic statements of the symphony can be expected to react strongly when they hear this one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lobularity is extremely well developed in type 1 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And will it be only a couple of weeks ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Want to try and meet him there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But until we have an effective spacecraft , the answer to the hunter-killer problem is manned aircraft . (Filtered Words: 0)
This almost trivial example is nevertheless suggestive , for there are some elements in common between the antique fear that the days would get shorter and shorter and our present fear of war . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked , uneasy at the gravity of the girl's dilemma . (Filtered Words: 1)
This happened in Decatur , DeKalb County , not 10 miles from the heart of metropolitian Atlanta . (Filtered Words: 0)
this was not virtue as we understand the word today , and it did not mean an abandonment of the belief in magic manipulation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said : `` If it's all right with you , Mr. [FILTERED] , I'll sleep out here on the couch . (Filtered Words: 1)
Another common cure was to soak the feet five or ten minutes in warm water , then to apply a solution of equal parts of soda and common brown soap on a kid bandage overnight . (Filtered Words: 0)
American and free-world policies can marginally affect the pace of transition ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Meltzer was a boarder with the [FILTERED] family . (Filtered Words: 1)
That was why he hadn't been able to finish the porch . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the earlier sessions there was plentiful discussion on the natural law , which Dr. [FILTERED] of Georgetown University , advanced as the basis for widely acceptable ethical judgments on foreign policy . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was silent for a while , then said , `` Why are you so unhappy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For each i , let Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grosse ducked and sniggered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs , and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century . (Filtered Words: 0)
The book could be The Brothers Karamazov , but it would still have the same jacket illustration . (Filtered Words: 0)
He skips around from jazz , to blues to boogie -- accompanying himself on piano and frequently pulling the customers in on the act . (Filtered Words: 0)
that these products constituted a `` line of commerce '' within the meaning of the Clayton Act ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bore me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The form of the industry demand function is one which makes quantity demanded vary inversely with the product price , and vary directly with the level of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
The supposed tactual sense of spatial location and orientation in the patient and his ability to specify the location of a member , as well as the direction and scope of a movement , passively executed ( with one of his members ) , proved to have been , on the contrary , very considerably affected '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For exactly three unpaired electrons the coefficient would be 3.10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was so scared well , I just ran to my car and came here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She expecting me to '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Circular knitted fabrics to be subjected to restorative procedure 2 , ( knit shrinkage gauge ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
for still others , mostly of the nineteenth-century immigration , it was [FILTERED] , and for a small minority it was Eastern Orthodoxy . (Filtered Words: 1)
If she'd kept on as she'd been going , the story I'd told Gladdy would probably have been true by now , anyhow (Filtered Words: 0)
The expenses of the Organization shall be borne by the Members as apportioned by the General Assembly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Harmful drinks (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt lonely and depressed as I packed my bags at the Croydon Hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
To this effect I had already severed all connections which bound me to my former existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
You couldn't stop 'em ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The source of this paradox is not difficult to identify . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alex asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
With no set standards , there is the tendency to promote to the next highest level when the top of a salary band is reached regardless of performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her little speech was totally out of character with the sort of person I thought she was . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are many types of ambiguity and many of them have been described by rhetoricians under such names as amphibology , parisology , and other ologies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gas flow through a plasma generator will modify these conditions ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He said that the group has no candidates for the charter commission in mind at present , but that it will undoubtedly endorse candidates when the time comes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thing is that these bees love a fine-grained soil that is moist ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
he is simply thrown out of the shop by the porter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industralization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
You want the kid to die ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` When in doubt as to two courses of action , a general should choose the bolder '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the present it is enough to note that in the grotesque figure of Jacoby , at the moment of his collapse , all these elements come together in prophetic parody . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s coarse features twisted in a surprised grin which was smashed out of shape by [FILTERED]'s fist . (Filtered Words: 2)
Marsden was manager of the company for ten years and manager of its successor company , the Colonial Light and Power Company , for one year . (Filtered Words: 0)
They realized the truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the future , quantitative demand will be greater because of the expansion of the economy , and the qualitative need will be greater still . (Filtered Words: 0)
The video signal is amplified and then switched , in synchronism with the three ultraviolet light sources which are sequenced by the rotating mirror so that during one-twentieth of a second only one wavelength , corresponding to red , green , or blue , is seen . (Filtered Words: 0)
A dominant motive is the poet's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations : `` Not men-folk , but the fields where I would stray , The stones where as a child I used to play '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can they be re-scheduled ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the local callers , a retired brigadier apparently left over from Kipling's tales of India , does not approve of the way Larkin gets his birds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both Miss [FILTERED] and her oilman-rancher husband are active supporters of Boys Clubs of America and patrons of the vivid art and opera colony that flourishes in New Mexico . (Filtered Words: 1)
The study of ideas in literature is one of these . (Filtered Words: 0)
She closed her eyes , remembering the small French cemetery , enclosed by stone walls . (Filtered Words: 0)
The average Congolese can do little more than puzzle out the meaning of `` la chatte '' and `` le chien '' and write his name . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most bizarre situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
This meant sorting out press clippings and the like . (Filtered Words: 0)
( But that is another story . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a resumption does not seem justifiable now . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wouldn't be wilfully planning his destruction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even so , he generally listened and was usually reasonable to those who voiced their objections properly . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's big business (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was waiting for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Behind him lay the Low Countries , where men were still completing the cathedrals that a later [FILTERED] would describe as `` a malediction of little tabernacles , one on top of the other , with so many pyramids and spires and leaves that it is a wonder they stand up at all , for they look as though they were made of paper instead of stone or marble '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The Bassis are leaving soon for their new post . (Filtered Words: 0)
The system was not well adapted to conditions of life in urban centers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Styles run the gamut from slender and tapered with elongated toes to a newer squared toe shape . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We worry '' , say the mothers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I do not care if your beliefs take you along a path of religion or a path of labor or a path of activism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Questions and , particularly , exclamations are usually channeled along informal , horizontal lines not indicated in Figure 3 and seldom are carried beyond the nearest neighbor . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Eh , Torino ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm going to become a good nurse , and I've got two baby brothers that are going to have college if I have to work at my profession until I'm an old maid to give it to them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Congress should then be asked to give the Peace Corps a firm legislative foundation for the next fiscal year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ahead were perilous , ice-filled waters . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It doesn't hurt . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cycle of disaster starts the moment they touch any belonging of ours , and dogs them unto the forty-fifth generation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately , Brooks's teammates were not in such festive mood as the Orioles expired before the seven-hit pitching of three Kansas City rookie hurlers . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] is correct , tragedy may have quite the opposite effect . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Did he ever visit here when he was a kid '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why ain't you playin' ball '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was -- as he told himself in the vernacular of a trade no longer his own -- riding the dark train out . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a slight nervous twitch in the region of her left eye . (Filtered Words: 0)
From upstream it looks like a long arcaded box laid across the river ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And Lilly's whole family seemed to be an apology for Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No '' , said Theresa . (Filtered Words: 0)
An interview schedule of open-ended questions and a multiple-choice questionnaire were prepared , and one parent of each of the sample children was seen in the home . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , please come in '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under that order , we have continued referring workers to the ranch . (Filtered Words: 0)
These things have been disseminated by other means , but always in the wake of extensive publication of analytic results . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is this loss of initiative in how we conduct our economy which may lead to the loss of initiative in how we conduct our political affairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
This aircraft , which was planned for initial operational use about 1965 , would be complementary to but likewise competitive with the four strategic ballistic missile systems , all of which are scheduled to become available earlier . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now , hold on , damn it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He's always like that , in spite of being a big man . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Essex bridge was a toll crossing until 1868 , when the County Commissioners laid out all the [FILTERED] bridges as highways . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rachel's tone was dry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally Hernandez said , `` I could offer you advice , Tomas , but you wouldn't heed it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first turn of the spiral is the primeval history of humanity in Adam . (Filtered Words: 0)
These droplets appear to be ellipsoids , and it is mathematically convenient to assume that they are . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the assignment pass , each instruction is examined for reference to the symbolic name of an index word or electronic switch . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to imitate an opponent when he has made the mistake of his life would be a new high in statesmanlike folly . (Filtered Words: 0)
No change is required for these towns . (Filtered Words: 0)
This formula is given by [FILTERED] and Mason . (Filtered Words: 1)
That is almost a perfect description of the predicament in which we find ourselves today , isn't it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am very pleased to have the doubt of suspicion removed . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the social side , the chore [FILTERED] had at the formal receptions at the White House thrilled her the most . (Filtered Words: 1)
I wish so much someone loved me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aren't you happy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He started down the steps to meet the near-blind preacher , who had been one of the early Gospelers in Paris . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is still used in drugs and cosmetics , but it is rather scarce and sometimes is adulterated with oils from peach and plum seeds . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this model , then , the industry is presumed to realize that they could successfully resist a change in the basic wage rate , but since such a change is the only effective means to raising prices they may , in circumstances to be spelled out in Part 2 , below , find it to their advantage to allow the wage rise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Present data indicate an accretion of about Af tons per year over the entire globe , or about Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
In clothes , [FILTERED] simply did not project . (Filtered Words: 1)
In his mind he spoke simultaneously the English sentence and the Martian word and felt closer grokking . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had tuned her sight to the proper degree . (Filtered Words: 0)
So widen it as to minimize the present curves and eliminate drainage problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s first war against the Grand Turk had ended in 1774 with a peace treaty quite favorable to her . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the United Nations Charter , the right of self-determination is also an essential principle . (Filtered Words: 0)
The apparent black-body disk temperature is the temperature which must be assumed for the black body in order that the intensity of its radiation should equal that of the observed radiation . (Filtered Words: 0)
An inveterate reader of books , he chose while working in Detroit to live in the University community of Ann Arbor , almost forty miles away . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted to ask her about Jenkins now , but he knew he couldn't do so in [FILTERED]'s presence . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We are going to bring the [FILTERED] into New York harbor safe and sound '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The planners in Taiwan struck me as realistic men . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I wasn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
The public is now armed with sophistication and numerous competing media . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was giving me checks for my pay , the household bills . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Manchester Depot Sewer Company issued 214 shares of stock at $10 each for construction of a sewer in that locality , and assessments were made for its maintenance . (Filtered Words: 0)
my name is [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
If you don't think much of them , tell me the wholesome truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parker was never excommunicated . (Filtered Words: 0)
A woman with a small boy slipped in between them . (Filtered Words: 0)
But even before that , [FILTERED] had glimpsed and entered , for a moment , a certain revolutionary path in which no one had preceded him . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am concerned here , however , with the Northern liberal's attitude toward the South . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man's voice was a sweet , patient whisper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed it is possible to separate electron paramagnetic from nuclear effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Merger proposed (Filtered Words: 0)
On C there is a Af correspondence in which the Af points cut from C by a general line , l , of the pencil correspond to the point of intersection of the image of L and the plane of the pencil . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Opportunities for Christian service (Filtered Words: 0)
Asilomar , March 26 (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout history , the man who showed superior performance has become the commander of others -- for good or bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
I do not mean to imply that Christians have adopted the liberal assumption , so prevalent in Hinduism , that all religions are merely different paths to the same summit . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had been assigned to the psychopathic ward . (Filtered Words: 1)
He clutched the staff , and his dark eyes blinked apologetically . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it would not be very satisfactory to leave our conclusions at the point just reached . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly not in Orchestra Hall where he has played countless recitals , and where Thursday night he celebrated his 20th season with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , playing the Brahms Concerto with his own slashing , demon-ridden cadenza melting into the high , pale , pure and lovely song with which a violinist unlocks the heart of the music , or forever finds it closed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Operations in the new plant should be producing efficiently early in 1962 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ready '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
In another attack , [FILTERED] , 41 , proprietor of a food store in the 2100 block Aiken Street , told police two Negroes assaulted him in his store and stole $150 from the cash register after choking and beating him . (Filtered Words: 1)
A woman with a small boy slipped in between them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now you know she could've , but she isn't that kind of girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bill would increase from $5,000,000 to $15,000,000 the maximum loan the state could make to a local water project . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were also a couple in Canada , and several in England . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED] became exasperated with Lumumba and fired him . (Filtered Words: 1)
But , you see , those who are not mentioned will not resent it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gala is the Thrift Shop's annual bundle party and , as all Thrift Shop friends know , that means the admission is a bundle of used clothing in good condition , contributions of household equipment , bric-a-brac and such to stock the shelves at the shop's headquarters at 1213 Walnut St. . (Filtered Words: 0)
( An enterprising teacher or parent could start training a healthy child at the age of seven days . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
After two drinks containing alcohol , her arm flew upward very freely . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was obsessed by disease and poverty , by the melancholy of old age and the tyranny of lust . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hamburger patties with nuts (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
How about them , I thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
The blade came out with a snick ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I followed them in the jeep and now they did not care . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , Kayabashi was bringing his associates here for a specific purpose and Rector would not be able to fathom it until they arrived . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so [FILTERED] got the spirit of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
An octillion atoms (Filtered Words: 0)
An estimate of one million dollars is probably not excessive . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , Dr. [FILTERED] has studied at Rhode Island State College and Massachusetts Institute of Technology . (Filtered Words: 1)
That summer [FILTERED] attended the summer session at Harvard , but he did not ask Mama to send him back in the fall . (Filtered Words: 1)
Let me illustrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was well aware of the importance of this mission , and he would walk in front of the President , looking neither to the right nor to the left . (Filtered Words: 1)
The measures for annihilation proposed and accepted at the Conference affected industry , transportation , civilian agencies of government . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was established in a couple of buildings in the shopping district , with only a few professors , but all eminent men , and a few hundred eager students housed in nearby dwellings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dallas , Tex. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Eddie nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stepped out into the hall , was delighted to encounter a water brother . (Filtered Words: 0)
He smiled thinly , savoring his joke . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has no experience with this veteran's previous medical record . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` String them onto some sort of little plot , and you'll have a delightful operetta '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part of the family should be sleeping while the rest is awake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some years ago this Class was judged by celebrities who knew nothing of what was required of a Junior's ability to show a dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two in the bed knew each other as old people know the partners with whom they have shared the same bed for many years , and they needed to say no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Old man [FILTERED] had put down the suitcase to open the front door . (Filtered Words: 1)
The metal strip they had taken off from was coal black against the green jungle around it . (Filtered Words: 0)
hear that [FILTERED] flies up to St. John's Newfoundland , next Sunday to attend the government's special ceremonies at Memorial University honoring distinguished sons and daughters of the island province . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad announced yesterday it would reduce the total amount of its payroll by 10 per cent through salary cuts and lay-offs effective at 12:01 A.M. next Saturday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our pools also have wide , shallow steps -- for the benefit of the littlest swimmers who can thus be introduced to the water with far greater safety than a ladder affords . (Filtered Words: 0)
The German's words worked on the newspaperman like a reprieve from an odious duty . (Filtered Words: 0)
The old woman arose stiffly and led me to a clearing where a small hut stood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mission Street at this hour was populated by a whole community that Gun could not have seen on his tour of duty -- the neighborhood that had known Urbano Quintana by day . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the spring , it must have been , he began working on the play that he called The House , which later would be Mannerhouse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still there was no [FILTERED] and the family would say nothing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Another less ambiguous case read as follows : `` The bearer of this letter has served me for two years to his complete satisfaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
He not only knew soldiering , but mathematics , history and literature as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
That long night with [FILTERED] and marijuana in Venice had opened her eyes . (Filtered Words: 1)
More important is the simple human point that all men suffer , and that it is a kind of anthropological-religious pride on the part of the Jew to believe that his suffering is more poignant than mine or anyone else's . (Filtered Words: 0)
Escape . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those ten days were like no others that Blanche had known . (Filtered Words: 0)
His chief discovery was important -- the Great North ( later , the Hudson ) River -- but it produced no northwest passage . (Filtered Words: 0)
He outplayed Palmer all around the course and finished with a tremendous 65 to Palmer's 71 . (Filtered Words: 0)
And their chroniclers are not the dramatic poets but the prose novelists . (Filtered Words: 0)
thought for the longest he was a tumor '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is opposed in his re-election bid by [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
Full payment of hospital bills for stays up to 90 days for each illness , except that the patient would pay $10 a day of the cost for the first nine days . (Filtered Words: 0)
The young apprentice apparently did well by Mr. [FILTERED] , for in the third year of his apprenticeship [FILTERED] was offered a full partnership in the firm ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Life is further characterized , in antithesis to Piepsam , as animal : the image of a dog , which appears at several places , is first given as the criterion of amiable , irrelevant interest aroused by life considered simply as a spectacle : a dog in a wagon is `` admirable '' , `` a pleasure to contemplate '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Although they have also been concerned to stand squarely within the tradition of the apostolic church , they have exhibited no willingness whatever to sacrifice their modernity to their Christianity . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( [FILTERED] ) 2:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
it was also sacred , `` and no believer in an inspired church could tolerate having her canons examined as we should examine human laws '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider this table : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] made some comment , but his mind was busy as he considered the man . (Filtered Words: 1)
Brakke et al , 1954 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The place is inhabited by several hundred warlike women who are anachronisms of the Twentieth Century -- stone age amazons who live in an all-female , matriarchal society which is self-sufficient '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , there has come into being a situation in which the state must raise all of its own revenues and , in addition , must give assistance to its local governments . (Filtered Words: 0)
During late childhood boys like to tease , jostle , and talk smart to girls ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The big audience started applauding even before he had finished . (Filtered Words: 0)
My future lay solely with the hall , yet what did I know about the hall at this point ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Such , he implies , is the case with his friend , who is not really a new convert himself but merely a favorer of new converts . (Filtered Words: 0)
sometimes he would be up before dawn , clad as a garbage collector and hurling pails into areaways to exasperate us , and thereafter would hurry to the Bronx Zoo to grimace at the lions and press cigar butts against their paws . (Filtered Words: 0)
But aside from everything else , it would scarcely be pleasant to have dealings with one who was nominally an underling and actually held -- you could say -- the whip hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the month of November hardly a day passed when there was not some mention of [FILTERED] in the Rhode Island newspapers . (Filtered Words: 1)
the attitude adopted by realtors and their associations , either negative or positive , plays a large part in the public acceptance of such measures and the degree to which they may be effectively enforced . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is difficult to tabulate exactly what was meant in each individual situation , but the conclusion may be drawn that 21 towns do not assess movable personal property , and of the remainder only certain types are valued for tax purposes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could feel his own feet , iron-shod , striking repeatedly until the body was limp . (Filtered Words: 0)
Farming is confining . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , all the personnel except those few needed to carry out the performance of the ship , went into the suspensor . (Filtered Words: 0)
it troubled him that he couldn't always see what Papa saw . (Filtered Words: 0)
So [FILTERED] set out to sell him on the spirit of [FILTERED] , just as he himself had been sold a short time before . (Filtered Words: 2)
Their Vanguard album Madrigal Masterpieces ( BG 609 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In older Italian practice , lime , dried and reground `` bianco sangiovanni '' , entered into such prepared shades . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus [FILTERED] reminds us , and wisely , that the `` new '' South has gradually evolved out of the Old South , and consequently its agrarian roots persist . (Filtered Words: 1)
He looked up to see Mrs. [FILTERED] , awesome in a black-and-yellow polka-dotted slicker , bearing down on him . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What pictures '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
McNamara is the scholar-businessman . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was the Neapolitan , [FILTERED] , a capable conniver whose father had been a blacksmith but who had fawned his way up the ladder of [FILTERED]'s and Potemkin's favor till he was now a brigadier ( and would one day be the daggerman designated to do in Czar Paul 1 , , after traveling all the way to Naples to procure just the right stiletto ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
The big waking up had happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
The large jar was brushed with Creek-Turn green toner and sponged off . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. John 5 : 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radio observations of the moon have been made over the range of wave lengths from 4.3 mm to 75 cm , and the results are summarized in Table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
improvise cha-chas on the harp ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's a sublease . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rents or royalties . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have far less to fear in the migrant family than we have in the migrant developer under these conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Chickasaws finally were the occasion for the most disastrous wars during the French control of Louisiana . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lots of throttle . (Filtered Words: 0)
For those who plan to travel to Europe by one route and return by another some agencies offer a service whereby you can pick up a car in one city on arrival and leave it in another city , or even another country , when you are ready to return home . (Filtered Words: 0)
( there are no ) literary movements , `` there are only writers doing their work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. have returned to their home in Drexel Park , after spending some time in Delray Beach Fla. . (Filtered Words: 1)
Just the tip of her tail was moving as she crouched , and she was treading lightly up and down with her hind feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last May , they said , she admitted being a prostitute . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce carries on a vigorous program , directly aimed at solving and expediting the problems of manufacturers in the lower employment categories . (Filtered Words: 0)
The attempt had failed because , when endeavoring to cut his wrists , this murderer of seven women had fainted at the sight of blood . (Filtered Words: 0)
For girls , the overprotection is far more pervasive . (Filtered Words: 0)
The U. S. Government is paying for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fumes of progress are in his nose and the bright steel of industry towers before his eyes , but his heart is away in Yoknapatawpha County with razorback hogs and night riders . (Filtered Words: 0)
But -- well , she'd be very careful . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am merely a channel for something . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
On his side of the road there were two farm hands , well back in a field , leaning against a plow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Salem ( AP ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , what's the matter with me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That fall he submitted to Professor [FILTERED] the first acts and outlines of the following acts of several plays , six of them , according to some of his associates , and he also worked on a play that he first called Niggertown , the material for which he had collected during the summer at home . (Filtered Words: 1)
Shocked at the response to our proclamations , we grow more defensive , and worse , we lose our sense of humor and proportion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] said he believed there are a number of qualified city residents who would be willing to take the full-time CD job . (Filtered Words: 1)
When he came back to the schoolhouse , his mind was made up . (Filtered Words: 0)
They knew that I was still grieving over the tragic event , and they felt that if I could see the recovery and the spirit of the people , who hold no grudge , but who also regret Pearl Harbor , I would be happier and would understand better a new Japan . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is no use causing him to worry at this time '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had to take blood samples to the laboratory to test them , for one thing , and there was much required preliminary procedure . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] tried to dissuade him . (Filtered Words: 1)
In Washington City everyone lived in a bubble of plots , and one death might attract another . (Filtered Words: 0)
And wasn't John's wife , Edythe , even more appalling , if possible ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Harvey Barcus , second speaker (Filtered Words: 0)
The bedsprings betrayed him with a creak . (Filtered Words: 0)
The capital budget , for construction of permanent improvements , becomes an appropriating document instead of just a calendar of pious promises ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Strange , but she was . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I spoke to the fellow next door , too '' , she might say . (Filtered Words: 0)
This carried over into the more urbanized late 19th and early 20th centuries , when the man ruled the roost in the best bull-roaring Life With Father manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
And once begun , had grown to such monstrous proportions . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the arena of power Jews have at one time or another been somebody's ally ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] grinned . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was no implication made that their initial reaction ( absence of an arm-elevation ) was less preferred than the presence of levitation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Diane sobbingly denied this to the court . (Filtered Words: 0)
they remained rough starting points . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a certain sense , interfaith communication parallels diplomatic communication among the nation-states . (Filtered Words: 0)
He crossed the street and walked swiftly southward to circle back to the Boulevard and north a block to the open restaurant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Keane left , within three days . (Filtered Words: 0)
It suggests that during the next several months , through the spring of 1961 , the demand for long-term capital funds may be moderately lower and that interest rates may tend to move a little lower , especially the rates on Federal , state , and local bonds , as well as those on publicly offered corporate bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
This year , on a night cool with the front of September moving in , but with plenty of summer still about , the Podgers were holding a neighborhood gathering in the Pod . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Sterling Township family of six surviving children , whose mother died yesterday as the aftermath to a fire that also killed one of the children , found today they had the help of hundreds of neighbors and school friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was visiting C.C.B. and , not waiting for breakfast , he was off to the University Club , where he spent hours writing obituaries of living Americans for The Manchester Guardian or The Glasgow Herald . (Filtered Words: 1)
and the 9 , [FILTERED] in Anhwei , which was then the South Sacred Mountain . (Filtered Words: 1)
No one suggested that the ethical effects of the art were irrelevant . (Filtered Words: 0)
It fixed on Dartmouth College , which was ready-made and just what the proctor ordered . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Painting isn't this big , you know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Looked at everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
East Providence now has no civil defense program . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next developments will probably be in weaponry . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the edge of the field , the wild rolling land took over , dotted with fat round bushes like sheep . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So there it is '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The desired amounts of inactive chlorine and radioactive chlorine were likewise condensed in these cells on the vacuum line following which they were frozen down and the manifold as a whole was sealed off . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time he watched carefully to see how one attached pegboards to stone walls , but Mr. [FILTERED] was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he didn't like to disclose his ignorance . (Filtered Words: 1)
A glance revealed that the main topgallant mast had been carried away . (Filtered Words: 0)
And a very young one , Swan Necklace , tried to emulate them and followed timidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
This damage had been done in the battle of [FILTERED] , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9-11 , 1960 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
One state , Alabama , closes its fiscal year on September 30 , and all cities in the state , with one exception , also close fiscal years on September 30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Breakfast , he thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same conclusions can be drawn from the other physical evidence of the Dark ages , from linguistic distribution , and from the survivals of early social , political , and religious patterns into later ages . (Filtered Words: 0)
He brushed past the clergyman and walked into the center of the camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Excuse me '' , he said in [FILTERED] , and got up and left them , to bathe and dress . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was one of a series of recommendations by the Texas Research League . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew he would never see it again . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The cross-sectional area of the cylinders is determined and then the volume of the individual cylinders is computed by multiplying the area by the stroke length , which is the equivalent of the length of the cylinders . (Filtered Words: 0)
I mean I've got to -- to see to the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the features of the top portions of Figure 1 and Figure 2 were mentioned in discussing Table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
He broke that boy ( Air Force fullback [FILTERED] ) in two and knocked him loose from the football '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her hair was the color of those blooms which in seed catalogues are referred to as `` black '' , but since no flower is actually without color contain always a hint of grape or purple or blue -- he wanted to draw the broad patina of hair through his fingers , searching it slowly for a trace of veining which might reveal its true shade beneath the darkness . (Filtered Words: 0)
And Secretary [FILTERED] , en route to Bangkok , doubtless is trying to make emergency arrangements for the possible entry of Australian or Thai SEATO forces . (Filtered Words: 1)
All evening [FILTERED] had been as demure as a little girl getting ready for her first communion . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Uhhu '' , she muttered . (Filtered Words: 0)
I would propose , first , an abandonment of attempts at a universal lexical list , as intrinsically unachievable , and operationally inadequate in proportion as it is achieved . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was fatherly in his handling of all subjects with me and tremendously wise in his counsel . (Filtered Words: 0)
She set the dipper on the edge of the deck , leaving it for him to stretch after it while she looked on scornfully . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lab to check . (Filtered Words: 0)
He strode to answer the bell . (Filtered Words: 0)
To encourage exploration for domestic sources of minerals , the Office of Minerals Exploration ( OME ) of the U.S. Department of the Interior offers financial assistance to firms and individuals who desire to explore their properties or claims for 1 or more of the 32 mineral commodities listed in the OME regulations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The charge : violation of the California Medical Practices Act by practicing medicine without a license and selling misbranded drugs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not the noblest performance we have heard him play , or the most spacious , or even the most eloquent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Whence , then , comes the substance of the first man ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This he failed to do , asserting that he did not know it to be in his file . (Filtered Words: 0)
place in sauce . (Filtered Words: 0)
A single automobile was parked half-way up the block on the left-hand side . (Filtered Words: 0)
The suitcases had come while they were out , and had been put in their room , the concierge said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each salesman was to read a sheet containing a description of the product . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What kind of car is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One night there were some dried peas lying on our kitchen table , and these peas looked to me like a little group of atoms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Carroll diagnosed Mrs. [FILTERED] by taking a drop of blood from her ear and putting it on his `` radionic '' machine and twirling some knobs ( fee $50 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Major decided that , rather than be led , the slugger could lead . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the present time , the counter-attack takes the line that there's no more of the true spirit of `` integration '' in the North than in the South . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , wifely supremacy demeans the husband , saps his self-respect , and robs him of his masculinity . (Filtered Words: 0)
As was to be expected [FILTERED]'s latest speech was greeted with enthusiasm by revenge-seeking circles in Bonn , where officials of the West German government praised it '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the local level , compacts continue to grab a larger share of the market at the expense of lower-priced standard models and foreign cars . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the background lurked the feeling , however , that these pieces , beautiful as they were , lacked the utilitarian touch . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the reason just suggested , I shall assume the use of the first subtype of fully distributed cost apportionment in the following simplified example . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the background of design is too smooth , or you wish to create a wood-grained effect , it may be added at this time with a dull tool such as the handle of a fine paintbrush . (Filtered Words: 0)
none will be elected . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , the Roman Catholic and Orthodox Churches stand virtually alone in holding that conviction . (Filtered Words: 0)
He almost broke into tears . (Filtered Words: 0)
What if the President himself , in the language of the military , `` goes ape '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In some instances a different clinical disease picture may result from this route of exposure , making diagnosis difficult . (Filtered Words: 0)
It provides pastoral care for the sick and troubled . (Filtered Words: 0)
In [FILTERED]'s mind there is an irresolvable conflict between the poet and the philosopher , because the poet imitates only particular objects and is incapable of rising to the first level of abstraction , much less the highest level of ideal forms . (Filtered Words: 1)
As a composer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presently , the intense absorption of ultra-violet rays in the earth's atmosphere seriously hinders ground observation . (Filtered Words: 0)
She described herself and her circumstances unhesitatingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw it all at a glance . (Filtered Words: 0)
But her walk was too steady , too slow , telegraphing her fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why the discrepancy between the builders' forecasts for themselves and for the industry ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Clinico-pathologic Conferences have been acknowledged as of great value and in consequent great demand by the small isolated military hospitals . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , the process of obsoleting an old product and introducing the new one is usually mighty expensive . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no time in the short Mexican encounter to evolve a solution but the area provided a proving ground for new departures in the near future . (Filtered Words: 0)
Psychologically the reception should be the climax , following the sermon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Antisubmarine warfare does not involve clashes between large opposing forces , with the decision a result of a single battle . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was five minutes after four . (Filtered Words: 0)
High-gain , photoelectronic image intensification is applied under conditions of low incident light levels whenever the integration time required by a sensor or recording instrument exceeds the limits of practicability . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the people who speak through my pages are famous ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She sang him Scott's charming ballad `` Rosabelle '' , which was the vogue of the moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why ain't you playin' ball '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the investigation of the relationship of diphosphopyridine nucleotide synthesizine enzyme to tumor growth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( from U.s. News & World Report , May 8 , 1961 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The ideal storage temperature for long periods is about fifty-five degrees , with an allowable range of five degrees above or below this , provided there are no sudden or frequent changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel came close to the bed , bent as if she would kiss him , then moved away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet he walked like a young man . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned to George and Lolotte . (Filtered Words: 0)
The names on the mailboxes meant nothing to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
) and was repealed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The movable clamps travel on carriages which ride the rails and are drawn by dead-weight loading . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had part of a bottle of French beer called [FILTERED] ( so help me ) , then switched to Tuborg . (Filtered Words: 1)
This word was from the Spanish , meanin' `` polecat '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have recourse to the scientifically-trained specialist in the laboratory . (Filtered Words: 0)
It appeals to those who were frustrated in the outcome of the Hungarian situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was standing in a thick grove . (Filtered Words: 0)
In September '76 [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]'s famous disciple , came from England to speak in a crowded auditorium at the formal opening of the University ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Delphine presented her cheek for a kiss , and the physician pecked it like a timid rooster . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet an economy cannot get the most out of its resources if dishonesty , corruption , and favoritism are widespread . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shivered in the warm cockpit . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't have a lemon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because the summer was unusually dry and hot , the spring produced a smaller stream than in ordinary years . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is just more to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Blackman had brought news from Kansas City . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $75,000,000 in all , ( A ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The process of flattening seemed inexorable , and it became necessary to emphasize the surface still further in order to prevent it from fusing with the illusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ran up the ladder and stood for a second sucking in the cool air that smelled of mud and river weeds . (Filtered Words: 1)
Turning to the Word of God , we find the only sure way to do that . (Filtered Words: 0)
So we ran away '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is well liked by the children and faculty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus cortico-fugal discharges induced by topical application of strychnine to a minute area in the neocortex summate with spikes present in the hypothalamus and cause increased convulsive discharges . (Filtered Words: 0)
After many years and many interruptions he was able to finish the canopy fresco , and slightly less than half the frieze , beginning with the Liberty group opposite the East door , and ending with [FILTERED] , all but one leg , when a tragic accident ended his career . (Filtered Words: 1)
But however we come , finally , to explain and account for the present , the truth we are trying to expose , right now , is that the makers of constitutions and the designers of institutions find it difficult if not impossible to anticipate the behavior of the host of all their enterprises . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , it has to happen . (Filtered Words: 0)
But what significance attaches to `` professional '' , beyond the narrow sense of skillfulness in meeting a client's stated needs as already noted ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But we are to believe that Lindemann actively supported radar outside the Tizard Committee , and dissembling , discounted it inside ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The bridegroom's children were here for the Christmas holidays and can't return . (Filtered Words: 0)
The handsome bird was solitary ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Associations sponsor many traditional campus events and provide students with opportunities to form new friendships , to broaden their interests , and to engage in worthwhile service projects . (Filtered Words: 0)
His thoughts turned to other things . (Filtered Words: 0)
he hunts folklore for the very `` field and stream '' reasons that many persons hunt game ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The greatest team of this period was unquestionably the New York Yankees , bought by brewery millions and made into a ball club by men named [FILTERED] and Miller Huggins . (Filtered Words: 1)
If we consider a process in which the outcome of one stage is known before passage to the next , then the principle of optimality shows that the policy in subsequent stages should be optimal with respect to the outcome of the first . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have come to your land with the express intention of understanding and respecting your ideas and your ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check its inhibitor effectiveness before leaving it in during the summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experiments were done at 180 , 200 , 210 , and 220-degrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Belgians were interested primarily in the economic development of the Congo , which is rich in copper , tin , cobalt , manganese , zinc , and uranium , and cotton and palm oil . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Plenary Indulgence under the usual conditions is granted once a month for the daily reading '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This dissatisfaction led to Howsam's request that the video not be terminated before the end of the game . (Filtered Words: 0)
And irrespective of the outcome in centuries elapsed since splitting , calculations obviously carry more concordant and comparable meaning if they deal with the most stable units than with variously unstable ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's the old story , war or no war , and more than one viewer may recall Hollywood's `` Titanic '' , several seasons back , when the paramount concern was for the marital discord of a society dilettante . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was extended the following year to include the railroad station agent's office and [FILTERED]'s Hotel at Factory Point . (Filtered Words: 1)
On this giddy and oscillating platform over fifty feet from the floor , after a first dusting , we began to wash . (Filtered Words: 0)
To be sure , in tool-and-die work and in the building trades , the first job must be often on an apprentice basis , but two years of half-time vocational training enables the young man thus to anticipate one year of apprentice status . (Filtered Words: 0)
In recent months , much attention has been given to the probable extent of the current downtrend in business and economists are somewhat divided as to the outlook for the near future . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet a crowd came out to see some fresh kids from the city try to match the boys from the neighboring farms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The fear had not entirely gone from her face , but there were some other emotions now , crowding into her eyes and the lines of her mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
For decades it was the most popular dish served in the Ladies' Grill at breakfast , and it is one of the few old Palace dishes that still survive . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Precisely '' , said Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cobb's assent was tight . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found [FILTERED] in the parlor and asked her to make sure everything was in order in the residential hall , and then to take charge of the office while the party was here . (Filtered Words: 1)
The valves were normal except for thin yellow plaques on the inferior surface of the mitral leaflets . (Filtered Words: 0)
The State Ballet of Rhode Island Week proclamation by [FILTERED] , Jr. , Governor (Filtered Words: 1)
The drums of thunder were right behind him now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , I rise today to pay tribute to a great newspaper , the New York Times , on the occasion of a major change in its top executive command . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Wait a little while . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suitable plans range from those that are very easy to develop to those that are difficult to formulate and require borrowing ranging from short-term serial notes to long-term bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was tasting his mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Given this kind of business climate , what competitive marketing problems will your company face in the next 10 yrs. ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Washington '' , President [FILTERED] has been heard to remark ironically , `` is a city of southern efficiency and northern charm '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Eh '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He had just paid a brief visit to the Frick Collection to admire his favorite paintings by Rembrandt and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Are you kidding '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The system requires some switching of flight equipment circuits . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had eaten almost nothing on the crested , three-sectioned plate and had drunk about half the milk in its paper container . (Filtered Words: 0)
This light did not penetrate very far back into the hall , and my eyes were hindered rather than aided by the dim daylight entering through the fan vents when I tried to pick out whatever might be lying , or squatting , on the floor below . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) Nature ( 29 terms against 17 ) , ratios 3.3 versus 4.1 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a good idea why not . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Good '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If the manner of his passing moves the nations to act in the spirit of his dedication the sore issues that plague the world can yet be resolved with reason and justice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other factors increasing operating costs include the higher unit cost of each flying hour , up 11% in two years , and of each steaming hour , up 15% . (Filtered Words: 0)
At five o'clock that night it was already dark , and behind my closed door I was dressing as carefully as a groom . (Filtered Words: 0)
But can we any longer afford the luxury of such smug indigation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There have been a number of sound plans proposed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , singing with comically plaintive earnestness , carries most of the burden and is responsible for the high spots in [FILTERED] score . (Filtered Words: 2)
She is frivolous and scatterbrained , but she really isn't shallow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish so much someone loved me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until 1924 O'Banion pistoleers and knuckle-duster bullyboys had kept his North Side domain solidly Democratic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Declaration of estimated tax . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's that you say '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These are only halfway measures , and the answer will come when some way is found to allow the technical man in industry to progress without limit in salary and prestige '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing like Godot , he arrived before the hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it was over , eight of his company were still alive and all eight were wounded . (Filtered Words: 0)
he is not an eccentric but rather an outcast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last week , in the German city of Dusseldorf , [FILTERED] was making headlines that could well give Pittsburgh pause . (Filtered Words: 1)
The large municipal hall was ablaze with color , which shown out from the bright array of chic ballgowns worn by those participating in the `` maskers' dances '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first place the new doctrine brought a formal separation of international from municipal law , rejecting the earlier view that both were parts of a universal legal system . (Filtered Words: 0)
Care should be taken to see that the hands are placed on the floor before the kick starts and also that the landing foot is brought as close to the hands as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is one of the main reasons for National Library Week , April 16-22 , and for its theme : `` For a richer , fuller life , read '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked up at me , puzzled , and he swayed his head from side to side . (Filtered Words: 0)
During summer vacation periods these records are stored in the office of the principal . (Filtered Words: 0)
And fashion is the real king here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise [FILTERED] reserves his vocal melodies for prolonged expressions of emotion -- [FILTERED]' first monologue , for example . (Filtered Words: 2)
However , there is a crucial difference between the two histories . (Filtered Words: 0)
What are they doing on Mars '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They continued to give an arm-elevation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Julia asks me to come out at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the Southern States exercised their `` right to secede '' , they formed what they officially styled `` The Confederate States of America '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , whereas in Interstate Commerce Commission parlance `` variable cost '' means a cost deemed to vary in direct proportion to changes in rate of output , in the type of analysis now under review `` variable cost '' has been used more broadly , so as to cover costs which , while a function of some one variable ( such as output of energy , or number of customers ) , are not necessarily a linear function . (Filtered Words: 0)
Must have really smelled up her sweater , he thought , and wondered idly just why she kept the sweater fast-frozen . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The captain's gig of H.M.S. Mercury was being rowed to H.M.S. Neptune . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though little democracy had ever been practised in this region , and much of it was still ruled by feudalistic means , it was taken for granted that at least the forms of Western democracy would be established in this area and Western capitalism preserved within it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sizzling temperatures and hot summer pavements are anything but kind to the feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
At a nod of his head they let go , turning to cup their ears against the icy slipstream . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strikes should be declared illegal against corporations because disagreements would have to be settled by government representatives acting as controllers of the corporation whose responsibility to the state would now be defined against proprietorship because employees and proprietors must be completely interdependent , as they are each a part of the whole . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four of us here in the United States attended , first as students , then as instructors , almost every one of these schools , in England , Canada , and the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
The scientific debunking of the spirit world has been in a way too successful and too thorough . (Filtered Words: 0)
The periods of high effluent BOD occurred during cold periods when operational problems with the aerator resulted . (Filtered Words: 0)
a little of the `` secco '' came off . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sibylla is pregnant with their second child when she finds the ivory tablet concealed by her husband , and the identities of mother and son are revealed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bordel and other places of prostitution were emptied . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
One growth center in a short bone -- distal phalanx of the second finger -- was chosen as an example for discussion here , primarily because epiphyseal-diaphyseal fusion , the maturity indicator for Completion in long and short bones , occurs in this center for girls near the menarche and for boys near their comparable pubescent stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , Dr. [FILTERED] says , a certain number of docile , retiring men always have been around . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` One thing , Summers '' , Brenner said . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can now better see just what processes provoked certain actions from me in the past . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bulk of his early reputation , however , came not from his poetry or his music , but from his excellence as an orator . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one seemed to hear him , no one heeded . (Filtered Words: 0)
then they scraped off the mold and made fish soup . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was stumbling in my undershirt trying to find my way around her damn kitchenette when I smelt that sickish sweet hairtonic smell . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dinner is sponsored by organized labor and is scheduled for 7 p.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is equipped with an outside water gauge that will indicate the level of the water in the wheel . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Furhmann's faculty is proud that this has been a spontaneous effort , started largely among the students themselves , because of fondness for Vicky and sympathy for her entire family , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was well aware that some inventors and their allies used their patents solely for nuisance value . (Filtered Words: 0)
The plan does not cover doctor bills . (Filtered Words: 0)
This grew into the song `` Big Time Comin' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These areas are thought to represent the nuclei . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus Af is divisible by the minimal polynomial P of T , i.e. , Af divides Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
On a misty Sunday morning last month , a small band of militant anti-Communists called the Minutemen held maneuvers in a foggy field about fifteen miles east of here . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The recommended level for sheep is 2 milligrams daily , and this level should be maintained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since there is a continual loss of micrometeoritic material in space because of the radiation effects , there must be a continual replenishment : otherwise , micrometeorites would have disappeared from interplanetary space . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even then , a few of the `` less interesting '' questions are edited out and glibly summarized by a commentator . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'd had all this trouble with the old man , that's why I drank so much . (Filtered Words: 0)
We enjoyed a paradoxical freedom when we were still too young for school . (Filtered Words: 0)
( American League expansion created , inevitably , weaker teams . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sydney Le Blanc , age 15 , Staten Island , N.Y. , showing a Doberman Pinscher , was 2nd . (Filtered Words: 0)
But of course the paterollers won't be of any help , not with everything so upset and that Yankee cavalry outfit they say is running around , God knows where '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wally's lost his job ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The Peiping Chinese were the only major silver seller in the world markets who stopped selling the metal on Monday morning , November 27 , anticipating by two days the announcement of the U.S. Treasury that the pegged offering price will be removed . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is more in this than meets the eye . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , formerly of Drexel Hill , and now of Newtown Square , are entertaining Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , of Temple , Pa. . (Filtered Words: 2)
A couple of sobs escaped him , followed by a sentiment that revealed his emotional state . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the moment there was no woman in his life , and it was this vacuum that had given [FILTERED] her opportunity . (Filtered Words: 1)
You cannot be saved ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But I smelled the coffee , and thinking , What the hell , live dangerously , I decided I would scald my worries away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirty-six (Filtered Words: 0)
Victoria was fourteen months younger than Quint , a head taller , and could lick any boy or girl on the beach . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the early days of this controversy over the theater one of the interested parties , [FILTERED] , published a little tract in which he objected mildly to the abuses of art , rather than the art itself . (Filtered Words: 1)
Retired pay costs are increased by $94 million in 1961 over 1960 , partly because of a substantial increase in the number of retired personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe it would work the other way . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] told her that there was no hurry for their breakfasts , trying at the same time to effect a speedy separation of the persons before and behind him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The vases which resulted had different shapes , far more complex decoration , and a larger sense of style . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I had a rather small place of my own . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was snarling now . (Filtered Words: 1)
She lost not a second , picking herself up and continuing her pilgrimage to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet long before the scheduled time for return , [FILTERED] would be watching for every speck in the sky . (Filtered Words: 1)
Chinese and Indian merchants across the street were slamming their steel shutters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED]'s conscientious , selfless efforts deserve the nation's gratitude . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even life in harmony with death . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can't blame a man for leavin' his wife '' , he said quite cheerfully . (Filtered Words: 0)
If I even hint at it do you think it will matter that you are his nephew -- and not even a blood nephew '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Right '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] and I have noticed some lapses since , though . (Filtered Words: 1)
Remington Jet Magnum Center Fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
A DUF entry must be supplied for every unit record file describing the type of file and the unit record equipment to be used . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grosse rubbed the bridge of his nose where it was swollen . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I swear to you from the moment I opened my eyes , I knew it was going to be a bad day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without any definite plan in mind , she went to a judge to see what could be done . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was not a particularly shocking or unexpected thing -- it was previously known to her that it might happen . (Filtered Words: 0)
But slowly they take over as Alain Delon ( Life , Sept. 15 ) , playing a sometimes appealing but always criminal boy , casually tells a rich and foot-loose American that he is going to murder him , then does it even while the American is trying to puzzle out how Delon expects to profit from the act . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never have to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once four Tibetan monks , in their saffron robes , filed through the cafeteria line . (Filtered Words: 0)
He expressed the opinion the city could hire a CD director for about $3,500 a year and would only have to put up half that amount on a matching fund basis to defray the salary costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ever hear of squatter's rights '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , but what're we gonna eat ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He gave Abel a quick glance and moved closer to the wheel , hugging it to him , and Abel caught this briefest of allusions to guilt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Revenue estimated (Filtered Words: 0)
He remembered exactly when he had lived through it before , and he had something to prove he had . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was very widely read , too ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know , Stephen '' , she smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
To summarize : (Filtered Words: 0)
Hands on Bible , seaman [FILTERED] and carpenter Staffe swore that Juet had tried to persuade them to keep muskets and swords in their cabins . (Filtered Words: 1)
Use white or buff clay , rolled to 3/16'' '' thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , [FILTERED] , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . (Filtered Words: 1)
Information on pages 8 to 14 may help you in deciding on the kind and scale of your farming venture . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , what about you , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
When they're on , the top edges are planed even with the sheer batten . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he went back for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Never rebuilt , the bridge was strengtened in 1938 by two extra piers , a concrete floor , and a walk-way along the upper side in order to care for modern traffic . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He knocked down the interference and made key stops lots of times . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Chairman [FILTERED] received the U.S. President's disarmament adviser , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
However , the unavoidable low-duty cycle restricts the effective gain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The weather turned warmer and with it came better appetites , although [FILTERED] was still a little off-color . (Filtered Words: 1)
The mate , [FILTERED] , who had kept the journal on the Half Moon , was experienced -- but he was a bitter old man , ready to complain or desert at any opportunity . (Filtered Words: 1)
And you didn't see her much at [FILTERED] or anywhere , for John had drifted away from the gang . (Filtered Words: 1)
Care should be taken to see that the hands are placed on the floor before the kick starts and also that the landing foot is brought as close to the hands as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the society which he serves bores him to tears . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nuclear weapons are fearsome , but the long-range ballistic missile gives them a stealth and merciless swiftness which is much more terrifying . (Filtered Words: 0)
For investors whose income is taxed at high rates , though , a tax-free yield of 4 per cent is high . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is through such reflection that literature approaches philosophy . (Filtered Words: 0)
At Fort Garry some of the Swiss also decided to cast their lot with the United States , and in 1823 several families paid guides to take them to Fort Snelling . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Trial should have asked the nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had traveled only a short distance when they spotted five Mexicans riding along a horse-trail across the stream just ahead of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the truth is what you've come for , is it not ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Gazing at her husband's drugged body , his chest rising and falling in mindless rhythms , she saw the grandeur of his fictional world , that lush garden from which he plucked flowers and herbs . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , he believed in the `` dramatic unity and separateness of the period from 1702-14 , lying between the Stuart and Hanoverian eras with a special ethos of its own '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Discounts run up to 2% of cost . (Filtered Words: 0)
Networks illustrating some special types of organization (Filtered Words: 0)
If we want to preserve our sovereignty , this is the way to do it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Underneath , he remained one of the best-educated Russians of his day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather what Kornbluth and Pohl are really doing is warning against the dangers inherent in perfecting `` a science of man and his motives '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering -- ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw the sign above the door of the hut : home sweet home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Backstitching seam (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , it is even surprising in the Canon of Christ Church and Regius Professor of Ecclesiastical History , who fathered this most peculiar view , and in the brilliant Professor of Medieval and [FILTERED] at Cambridge , who inherited it and is now its most eminent proponent . (Filtered Words: 1)
His servant [FILTERED] threatened [FILTERED] , who had Whitney bound to `` the good abaringe '' to keep the peace . (Filtered Words: 2)
It is commendable that a regularly scheduled hour is set aside for an introduction to the contemporary musical scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
The English saints are widely venerated , quite naturally , and now there is great hope that the Forty Martyrs and Cardinal Newman will soon be canonized . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
but this -- yes , terrible step I am about to take is lightened with an inundating joy by the new-found hope that here , in these poems , is treasure -- or at least some measure of beauty , which I did not know of '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] indicated that if I would co-operate , after you and [FILTERED] are banished , following the debate , I will be given a place of influence '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
The bond issue will go to the state courts for a friendly test suit to test the validity of the act , and then the sales will begin and contracts let for repair work on some of Georgia's most heavily traveled highways . (Filtered Words: 0)
That meant `` Mama wants you Quint . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it should be far better known than it is . (Filtered Words: 0)
The actions of Bridget should be examined , since she was there and opportunity did exist , if only to establish her innocence . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not , however , settle back into acquiescence with things as they were . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had started to back into the turn when he remembered the razor in his pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place project on table and carefully lift the mold off . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two things contribute to his popularity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Afraid at one and the same time that his work might be turned down -- which would be a blow to his pride even though no one knew he was the author -- and that the work would be accepted , and then that his violent feelings in the matter would certainly betray how deeply concerned he was in spite of himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
he avidly reads the Wall Street Journal , and took delight in driving a $250 model A Ford for 22 years , then selling it for $300 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fing , a lean , chiseled , impeccable gentleman of the old school who was once mistaken on the street for Sir [FILTERED] , is responsible for the rediscovery of Verdi's earliest , most raucous opera , Nabisco , a sumptuous bout-de-souffle with a haunting leitmotiv that struck me as being highly reminiscent of the Mudugno version of `` Volare '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thirty-four (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor [FILTERED] was the official host at the children's party . (Filtered Words: 1)
and now , therefore , do I , [FILTERED] , Jr. , Governor of the State of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , proclaim the week of June 11th to 17th , 1961 , as Miss [FILTERED] Pageant Week , with deep appreciation to the Jaycees , local and statewide , for the presentation of their beautiful Pageants and the encouragement of all [FILTERED] girls to participate . (Filtered Words: 3)
He entered the hallway . (Filtered Words: 0)
We find , in the first place , that the students overwhelmingly approve of higher education , positively evaluate the job their own institution is doing , do not accept most of the criticisms levelled against higher education in the public prints , and , on the whole , approve of the way their university deals with value-problems and value inculcation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's no use pretending that all conditioners are quiet , but the noise they produce can be kept to a minimum . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of this , examples are legion : Pericles speaking his funeral oration in [FILTERED] extremity after Thermopylae and making it a testament of freedom ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
For example , groups regularly canoe down the Connecticut River . (Filtered Words: 0)
The recipe , which he got from the baker , and wrote down in his ledger , is basically this : (Filtered Words: 0)
to measure armhole : (Filtered Words: 0)
The arc is itself a segment of an analytic curve . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they are still enclosed in their larval cells and remain there throughout the summer , fall , and winter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The piano accompaniments by [FILTERED] were stylish . (Filtered Words: 1)
but he presents it publicly so enmeshed in hypocrisy that it is not an honest one . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the first things he would do , he said , would be to organize classes in first aid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exactly ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
but he may well be doing his greatest service with his straightforward report on the state of the public schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] said yesterday that operations continued through the week . (Filtered Words: 1)
There had also been a man who must have had St. Vitus or something , because he kept jerking his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may say this has little pertinence , but , gentlemen , remember that all this prepared my mind , alerted my intelligence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both watched Scotty constantly , [FILTERED] without seeming to , Virginia openly , her eyes filled with concern . (Filtered Words: 1)
The presence of alternative job opportunities also will make the place easier to sell if that should become desirable . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the first item in the operand is omitted , the symbolic name IOCSIXF will be assigned . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we stop thinking in terms of tremendous multimegaton nuclear weapons and consider employing much smaller nuclear weapons which may be more appropriate for most important military targets , it would seem that the B-52 or [FILTERED] could carry a great many small nuclear weapons . (Filtered Words: 1)
He looked at the looming hoods of the supply wagons , struck by a new inspiration . (Filtered Words: 0)
while Hewlett-Woodmere is the repository of art , music , and foreign languages . (Filtered Words: 0)
An old man , sitting against the wall of a cottage and waiting for the sun to find him , gave her a more than reflective look as she passed , the sap still plainly rising in his branches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Analysis (Filtered Words: 0)
As a proud man , his prestige would suffer if he let Pike dictate to him through the governor's office , but to lower his prices would be tantamount to an admission that they had been too high in the first place . (Filtered Words: 0)
So in these pages one can share his wonder at the traditional fiesta of St. Torpetius that still persists in St. Tropez ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctor's mind was working at a great speed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He shrugged casually . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cattle would drift day and night in a blizzard till it was over . (Filtered Words: 0)
Being placed in the hopples she was completely baffled . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is a regression from the technical originality and ingenuity of writers like [FILTERED] or Apollinaire . (Filtered Words: 2)
I dressed in the kitchen , then left a note on the table telling him what had happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Men believed they could control nature by obeying a moral code . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps it is not fair to mention some people without mentioning all . (Filtered Words: 0)
No question ruffles him or causes him to hesitate . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the Achaeans entertained Wednesday last at their annual Carnival masquerade ball , Miss [FILTERED] was chosen to rule over the festivities , presented at the Muncipal Auditorium and chosen as her ladies in waiting were Misses [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] of Robinsonville , Miss. and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 6)
Flowers , stones , and small creatures , living and dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
As long as perception is seen as composed only of isolated sense data , most of the quality and interconnectedness of existence loses its objectivity , becomes an invention of consciousness , and the result is a philosophical scepticism . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Golly '' , [FILTERED] exclaimed to Harmony as he dutifully stood by her side among the ringed spectators , `` don't that fiddle make you wish the Bible didn't say us Baptists can't dance '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The dated poems suggest that while Hardy's concern with poetry may have been constant , his production was not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attorney General [FILTERED] made a series of raids that sent more than 4,000 so-called radicals to the jails , in direct violation of their constitutional rights . (Filtered Words: 1)
Coeditors are [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] of Leeds University , and [FILTERED] of the National Council for Medical Research , London . (Filtered Words: 3)
Perhaps if I took off the aqua-lung I could swim better , love my woman better . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Angels in the nursery were zigzagging wildly in all directions , seemingly at random . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a phrase as arresting as a magician's gesture , with a piquant turn of harmony giving an effect of strangeness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Microscopically , the mucosa of the stomach showed extensive cytolysis and contained large numbers of Gram-negative bacterial rods . (Filtered Words: 0)
To him , [FILTERED] had always been the living symbol of a Polish officer . (Filtered Words: 1)
But then , redheads are often pale . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cumulative records (Filtered Words: 0)
He moved up and lifted Jess's pistol out of its holster . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several other examples : central and satellite (Filtered Words: 0)
They serve not only as spokesmen for their areas , but they also contribute to top-level decision making . (Filtered Words: 0)
It never seemed real ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The freeway with narrowly spaced interchanges concentrates and mitigates the access problem , but it also acts inevitably as an artificial , isolating boundary . (Filtered Words: 0)
The navy captain disclosed also that a list of questions found in Miss Gee's purse would , if completed and handed back , have given the Kremlin a complete picture `` of our current anti-submarine effort and would have shown what we are doing in research and development for the future '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The professed mission of this disaffiliated generation is to find a new way of life which they can express in poetry and fiction , but what they produce is unfortunately disordered , nourished solely on the hysteria of negation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hit the bum '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The company has billed the United States Government for $7,500,000 of these expenses under the Defense Department regulation allowing costs of a type generally recognized as ordinary and necessary for the conduct of the contractor's business . (Filtered Words: 0)
In later childhood , an interest in team games replaces individual play ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It implies two misconceptions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He can sacrifice himself for tomorrow and he can sacrifice tomorrow for himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of the dreams of the host for oneness in the group , the Af incoming messages for each guest overload his receiving system beyond comprehension if N exceeds about six . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Committee approval of Gov. [FILTERED] `` abandoned property '' act seemed certain Thursday despite the adamant protests of Texas bankers . (Filtered Words: 1)
Lacking guidance , industry picks its own areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were silent for a few moments . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted to go back to Harvard for another year of playwriting . (Filtered Words: 0)
and , indeed , there is no more reason to separate the interrelated roles of the active , builder , antiredeposition agent , etc. than there is to assign individual actions to each of the numerous isomers making up a given commercial organic active . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's so romantic up there , she used to say , with the broad river gleaming in its moontrack like an enormous dark mirror and all the sounds of the night , so poetic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern roosters have lost the art of crowing restless spirits back to Purgatory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can't have it . (Filtered Words: 0)
America has divided more than she has united the West . (Filtered Words: 0)
I resented them . (Filtered Words: 0)
After she had served the detectives coffee and toast ( they politely declined eggs , uncomfortable about their tenancy ) , she settled down with a morning newspaper and began reading the stock market quotations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most unusual of them is the Ithaca 49 ( about $20 , $5 for a saddle scabbard ) -- a lever-action single-shot patterned after the famous Winchester lever-action and featuring the Western look . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] scraped back and customers hastily vacated their tables as the tall young buffalo hunter pushed open the swing doors and walked towards the bar . (Filtered Words: 1)
I have been so weary of the excessive rocking of the vessel , and the almost intolerable smell after the rain , that I have done little more than lounge on the bed for several days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of its sojourners were devoted to seclusion and quiet , and lived there to the end of their days . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Both of you . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is all the more remarkable because the Kirov is to ballet what Senator [FILTERED] is to American politics . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not like us fellas . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , howsomever , maybe you wouldn't either . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other trotted over and swooped at the tiny puddle . (Filtered Words: 0)
To measure the volume of one of the combustion chambers in the cylinder head , install the valves and spark plug in the chamber and support the head so that its gasket surface is level . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man most firmly at grips with the problem is the University of Minnesota's Physiologist Ancel [FILTERED]eys , 57 , inventor of the wartime [FILTERED] ( for [FILTERED]eys ) ration and author of last year's bestselling Eat Well And Stay Well . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Will you always love me this way '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This escape from control has led to management's evaluating the risk of occasional irrational prosecution as worth while . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an interpretation could not be justified by a construction of the statute alone ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His condition was reported to be fair . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had to move in some direction -- any direction that would take her away from this evil place . (Filtered Words: 0)
The congruence of its secants is therefore of order Af and class Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The anode plug ( Figure 2 ) was inserted into a carbon anode holder . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time further expansion in the Red Bridge Subdivision required the construction of additional sewage treatment facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is she who says aye or nay to the intimate questions of sexual technique and mechanics -- not the husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , no it was an unfortunate resemblance , that was all it was , and I turned to [FILTERED] , forcing myself to put my disquiet out of my mind . (Filtered Words: 1)
The result has been neglect , fumbling efforts , or superficial treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
So he picked up a stroke with the provisional ball and won the tournament by the margin of that stroke . (Filtered Words: 0)
O Wilfrid ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But court adjourned after he testified he introduced [FILTERED] and Jeremiah Hope Pullings , two of the defendants , and also introduced Pullings to Jessy Maroy , a man mentioned in the indictment but not indicted . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sheeran , a lawyer and former FBI man is running against the Republican organization's candidate , [FILTERED] , for the vacancy left by the resignation of [FILTERED] , now a member of the State Board of Tax Appeals . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` With this kind of new product log-jam , the premium for brilliant product planning will obviously go up geometrically '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Underneath , he remained one of the best-educated Russians of his day . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a customer wishes a special cut , it will not be available . (Filtered Words: 0)
But as the tree passed , she lifted an arm in gesture of better luck and farewell . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to the paintings are drawings , prints , and illustrations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thanks to the generosity of Mr. [FILTERED] , president of the Temple Beth El ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
There are no data published in the literature on the shape of low viscosity drops to confirm the above formulas . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when he came to examine the scene , there was a certain staginess to it , it had the smell of planning , and a swift suspicion darted into his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Stay well back of me '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The system tended to break down during the war , but was reactivated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
he is simply thrown out of the shop by the porter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every retiring person has a different situation facing him . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are not true because scientists or prophets say they are true . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has also written both music and lyrics for several songs . (Filtered Words: 1)
he wasn't going to allow himself to be led meekly to the slaughter . (Filtered Words: 0)
It should be admitted , too , that there is a good percentage of lapsed or nonchurchgoing Catholics ( one paper writes 50 per cent ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasionally , for no reason that I could see , they would suddenly alter the angle of their trot . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are , he thought , so few true means of forgetfulness in this life that why should he shun the medicine even when the medicine seemed , as it did , a little crude ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
by now it was perhaps two days or longer after Papa had begun hemorrhaging . (Filtered Words: 0)
There the buffalo would roam , to be seen as a tapestry , not as moth-eaten zoo specimens . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wood was old , the paint alligatored . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty regarded the ear and the grizzled hair around it with a moment of interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
But what was there to do ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a `` stair-step '' plan , in which desegregation begins in the first grade . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw the child-face grimace as the head was cut ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Outstanding among these is the idea of human nature itself , including the many definitions that have been advanced over the centuries ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] -- in a fashion he owed a debt to that effete gentleman . (Filtered Words: 1)
Grandparents are Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] of Kittredge . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] turned and left the room , hearing Eddie say : `` Someday you'll see I was right '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Certain other properties of small particles , in addition to those already mentioned in connection with penetration of the respiratory tract , are noteworthy in defense considerations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ludie screeched at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wouldn't Johnnie do practically anything in the world to insure my happiness ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How do the valley people feel '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] , watching in wonder , turned to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` And I am not sure that I have any cash -- any money , that is -- but if you will wait just a minute I will write you out a check if I can find my checkbook . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got a science scholarship to Yale '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were times that he worked with both lyricists simultaneously . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
The word that is not used can be as important as the word that is used ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He played a number of typical situations before observers , other supervisors who kept notes and then explained to him in detail what he did they thought was wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
But '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Later I would remember what this pompous little man had told me about the worth of a ticket . (Filtered Words: 0)
A final class of exceptional lines is identifiable from the following considerations : Since no two generators of Af can intersect , it follows that their image curves can have no free intersections . (Filtered Words: 0)
All Mantle needs is eight more home runs in August and ten in September , and he will establish a new record . (Filtered Words: 0)
This exception may be connected with Hoijer's use of a much higher percentage of verbs : 22% of his total list as against 3.5% in mine . (Filtered Words: 0)
The United States and Soviet Russia have enough nuclear weapons to destroy all nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
And for good reasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the non-church members -- the freewheelers , marginal religionists and so on -- have the values of Christian civilization internalized in them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd hoped to catch [FILTERED] there . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the Blue Ridge meeting , the audience was warned that entering a candidate for governor would force it to take petitions out into voting precincts to obtain the signatures of registered voters . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was no man's land , disputed by the Haijac Union and the Israeli Republic , a potential source of war for the last two hundred years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over-chilling is an accepted method for covering up the faults of many a cheap or poor white wine , especially a dry wine -- and certainly less of a crime than serving a wine at a temperature which reveals it as unattractive . (Filtered Words: 0)
From behind us came the rapping of the stick and the high-pitched voices of the boys who would grow to devote their lives to rigid study and prayer . (Filtered Words: 0)
his lips and the usually sharp lines of his jaw had become swollen-looking . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shouldered the blanket again , backed off , and tossed the lantern with its open wick beneath the wagon . (Filtered Words: 0)
If one characteristic distinguishes [FILTERED] , it is the consistency with which every person on the stage -- including the chorus -- comes alive in the music . (Filtered Words: 1)
Quite other feelings are evidenced by this style : Af Note the drop to pitch 1 ( the lowest ) on mother with no rise at the end of the sentence ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , you may seek His favor , humble yourself before Him and beg His mercy , implore His forgiveness , forsake your sins , and abandon your whole life to Him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Rome , all over Europe , she intended to move very slowly indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Practically all the people of Laos , he explained -- about two million of them -- are rice farmers , and the means and motives of modern war are as strange to them as clocks and steel plows . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a short pause for reflection . (Filtered Words: 0)
As we expected , on the following day my [FILTERED] was completely recovered and opened the store as usual at 10 in the morning . (Filtered Words: 1)
Despite the many avenues for the exchange of ideas between faculty and administration , complaints of a lack of communication persist . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What the new charter does (Filtered Words: 0)
And then [FILTERED] knew that all of them knew Elaine , himself and Poet . (Filtered Words: 1)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally , enterprises of the size of General Electric are in a position to structure their prices in such a way that the relatively small competitors can be forced to the wall in a very short time . (Filtered Words: 0)
He muttered something about how terrible it was , and walked with deliberate slowness to the elevator . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. John 14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The interesting thing in this connection is that the norms upon which students tend to converge include toleration of diversity . (Filtered Words: 0)
This permits the juices to permeate the meat during cooking . (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance , college-educated people consistently show up in study after study as more often than others supporters of the Bill of Rights and other democratic rights and liberties . (Filtered Words: 0)
For there is also the `` face of reality '' in the form of the individual's perceptions of his own abilities and interests , of the objective possibilities open to him , of the familial and other social pressures to which he is exposed . (Filtered Words: 0)
To do so would make his job well-nigh impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hotly debated plan for the capital's Franklin D. Roosevelt Memorial , a circle of huge tablets engraved with his speeches ( and promptly dubbed by one of its critics , `` Instant Stonehenge '' ) , is another of Udall's headaches , since as supervisor of the National Parks Commission he will share in the responsibility for building it . (Filtered Words: 0)
But as the tree passed , she lifted an arm in gesture of better luck and farewell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] Ring Of Bright Water has widened to enchant the world . (Filtered Words: 1)
And he ignored him , skirting the parked cars and walking up the path to the Skopas house . (Filtered Words: 0)
with more time I could have loosened a small burr or cotter pin -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Unemployed older workers who have no expectation of securing employment in the occupation in which they are skilled should be able to secure counseling and retraining in an occupation with a future . (Filtered Words: 0)
An excellent summary of advantages concerning the uniform fiscal year and coordinated fiscal calendars was contained in a paper presented by a public finance authority recently . (Filtered Words: 0)
It operates in its target's environment , and any advantage gained therefrom by the target is shared by the attacker . (Filtered Words: 0)
The drizzle was slacking off now , but the light was grayer . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told once of how he switched his style of playing to jazz after listening to two old Armstrong records he bought in the Flea Market in Paris . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The way you were careful '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
To me , Brandt looks as though he could be in for a fine year . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] wrote his friend Winthrop as follows : `` (Filtered Words: 1)
Production assistance (Filtered Words: 0)
Has the agrarian tradition become such an addiction that the switch to urbanism is somehow dreaded or unwanted ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This sum spent for foreign economic aid , the peace corps , food for peace , or any other program to solve the problems of the underdeveloped countries would be an investment that would pay off in world peace , increased world trade , and prosperity for every country on the globe . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is a master at dragging a bunt toward first base . (Filtered Words: 1)
The treatment seems unnecessarily loose-jointed and complex , largely because the method is lax and the analysis seems never to be pushed to a satisfactory or even a consistent stopping-point . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is greatly to Berman's credit that he made no attempt to outdo [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- Turkish political leaders bowed today to military pressure and agreed to form an emergency national front government with Gen. [FILTERED] as president . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since attack serves to stimulate interest in broadcasts , I added to my opening statement a sentence in which I claimed that German youth seemed to lack the enthusiasm which is a necessary ingredient of anger , and might be classified as uninterested and bored rather than angry . (Filtered Words: 0)
broad red stripes down the trouser leg ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
she fits into the general scheme well enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Into court (Filtered Words: 0)
The data are presented in text and tables in bound volumes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The administration at the same time , looks to the chairmen for strategic aid in building stronger departments . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't hold him like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
He caught her eye , came back around the car with the boot-wearer ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One was an article on the U.N. by [FILTERED] from the Cincinnati Enquirer . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Now they've gone , they didn't come back , and they didn't arrest that Dronk boy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When enough time had elapsed so that there was little likelihood of his returning for something he had forgotten , [FILTERED] went out into the hall and stood looking into one room after another . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some Democratic district and county leaders are reported trying to induce State [FILTERED] [FILTERED] of Brooklyn to oppose Mr. [FILTERED] for the Mayoral nomination in the Sept. 7 Democratic primary . (Filtered Words: 3)
The gallant company completed Act 4 , and got through part of Act 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mae , sit down . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had lost a bottle of opium -- but that was on the trip from New Orleans . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stopped at Litowski Place and looked around quickly at the boundary of civil buildings . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hatred tied his hands in Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
The paintings , drawings , prints , and illustrations all reflect the manners , costumes , and mores of America in the first half of the present century . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she was . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alas , to Ann's consternation , his language while thus employed left much to be desired . (Filtered Words: 0)
the magnetic moment of an unpaired electron associated nearby may have a tremendous influence on the magnetic resonance properties of nuclei . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , he refused to accept the implications of the analysis , that he needed to be made over . (Filtered Words: 0)
These three installment dates would be : October 26 , January 26 , and April 25 ( Providence ) and November 15 , February 16 and May 15 ( [FILTERED] ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
He earnestly urged a cease-fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
The waves of a 1923 tsunami in Sagami Bay brought to the surface and battered to death huge numbers of fishes that normally live at a depth of 3,000 feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , yearbook , and [FILTERED] , scrapbook . (Filtered Words: 2)
Crowds press along the terraces , down the steps , in and out of the arcades , massing against it as though it were a fortress under siege . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet came up from below , wearing new bathing trunks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plank the sides first , using glue and one-inch , No. 12 Stronghold nails at all battens , the stem and the transom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Muffling an exclamation , [FILTERED] sprang to the nearest steps and ran down . (Filtered Words: 1)
United Nations Day proclamation by [FILTERED] , Jr. , governor (Filtered Words: 1)
Then , he said , `` Unfortunately , only one lamechian linguist exists , and he is too old for this expedition . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Mr. [FILTERED]' now , oh my yes , indeed , yes ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] shrugged . (Filtered Words: 1)
Otherwise , you may be saddled with a good-size milk bill by milk drinkers . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same instant , he grabbed the loose , writhing hose with his other hand and bit down on the hard rubber mouthpiece . (Filtered Words: 0)
His thoughts turned to other things . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Commission shall , as soon as possible , and in the order of the making of such awards , certify to the Secretary of the Treasury and to the Secretary of State copies of the awards made in favor of the Government of the United States or of nationals of the United States under this Title . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , but the fat's in the fire '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Once inside his apartment , he poured a drink with trembling hands and flopped limply in a chair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , the Commission set up the Council for Financial Aid to Education as a means of encouraging private business to increase its support of private higher education . (Filtered Words: 0)
hands to guide or restrain ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
During a round of target practice the sun comes from behind a cloud and dazzles the marksman , lowering his chance of a bull's-eye . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here some innovation is attempted . (Filtered Words: 0)
I kept trying to get him to take my money . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moll took his coffee into the nursery . (Filtered Words: 0)
What '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Face Of A Hero ( closed ) , based on a [FILTERED] novel . (Filtered Words: 1)
and though this process by no means represents an unambiguous gain and is , in fact , marked by the estrangement from the depths that seems to be the cost of human maturation , it is still a positive step forward ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
He smiled , but now that he knew where the elder [FILTERED] was , he did not intend to go . (Filtered Words: 1)
Stern chase 10 (Filtered Words: 0)
All these emotions were screwed up to new heights when , after acceptance and the first rehearsals , there ensued such a buzz of excitement among Parisian music lovers that [FILTERED] had to come running to Rousseau to inform him that the news had reached the superintendent of the King's amusements , and that he was now demanding that the work be offered first at the royal summer palace of Fontainebleau . (Filtered Words: 1)
didn't answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hmm -- diddle ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've got the results on the [FILTERED] smear test '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 1)
The brothers continued to help each other during their studies , sharing a joint purse , lodging together in the dormitory and dining together at the home of their aunt . (Filtered Words: 0)
His parents talked seriously and lengthily to their own doctor and to a specialist at the University Hospital -- Mr. [FILTERED] was entitled to a discount for members of his family -- and it was decided it would be best for him to take the remainder of the term off , spend a lot of time in bed and , for the rest , do pretty much as he chose -- provided , of course , he chose to do nothing too exciting or too debilitating . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fortunately it spared us from the usual spate of silly resolutions which in the past have made Georgia look like anything but `` the empire state of the South '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some idea of the competence of the women is indicated in the contribution made by them during the past 25 years that totals $840,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
B'dikkat was sterilizing his knives . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anybody carrying anything that might hide a rifle ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I want the captain in charge . (Filtered Words: 0)
And after I brought them sandwiches and coffee I had to go back to my place in the kitchen and wait . (Filtered Words: 0)
Af was first conjugated with 50 mg of FITC per gram of globulin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only confusion , failure and anarchy result when the effort is made to impose upon the civil authority the impossible task of policing private homes to preclude the possibility of sin . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the drawling , oversoft voice of flirtation , though fairly overt , was still well within the prescribed gambit of their culture . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were other shifts and pay cuts according to the way individuals had conducted themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Education should be uppermost in their minds , but with this attire how can anyone think it is so ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The burial was out in Riverside Cemetery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you want to hear the paraphrase '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
, for Engine crankshaft speed (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd brought along the virgin pint from last night , but we were going to kill that only when we were through talking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless he had ample opportunity to contest the statement before the appeal board . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Postmaster General recently reported that mail order frauds -- among which fake therapeutic devices figure prominently -- are at the highest level in history . (Filtered Words: 0)
Judge [FILTERED] signed the order remanding the boy to the hospital because of the lack of juvenile accommodations at the Anne Arundel County Jail . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Trans-illuminated billboards (Filtered Words: 0)
During the last years of [FILTERED] administration , a red scare developed in our country . (Filtered Words: 1)
One of the most beautiful buildings in Istanbul , it was constructed in the early years of the Seventeenth Century , with a huge central dome , two half domes that seem to cascade down from it , and smaller full domes around the gallery . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the caves , with other supplies , they had kept cases of sake . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It doesn't seem quite right , telling her a thing like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
And my point in this sad story is the spirit of the matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clean the place up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both watched Scotty constantly , [FILTERED] without seeming to , Virginia openly , her eyes filled with concern . (Filtered Words: 1)
You cannot be saved ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , okay '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
It may well be that the unification of Europe will prove inadequate , that the survival of free society will require nothing less than the confederation of the entire Western world . (Filtered Words: 0)
He liked looking at Anne . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1946 Sir [FILTERED] , who had spoken often of European union during the war , advocated the formation of `` a kind of United States of Europe '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Once again , there was a negative shake . (Filtered Words: 0)
The women's committee of St. David's Church will hold its annual pre-Fair pink parade , a dessert bridge and fashion show at 1 p.m. on Monday , April 17 , in the chapel assembly room , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Politics , economics , sociology -- the entire area of life that lies `` between '' -- literature and what Krim calls experience -- urgently needed to be dug into . (Filtered Words: 0)
General [FILTERED] was fresh from a long series of bridge burnings , including the long bridge at Fairmont , and , after seeing a great drove of horses and cattle he had collected safely across the bridge , he sent his men to work piling combustibles in and around it . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is important for an understanding of Zen to realize that the esoteric preoccupations of the select few cannot be the doctrine of the common man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps the most eloquent move toward removal of racial barriers has been in Dallas . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked him . (Filtered Words: 0)
) It is issued weekly throughout the college year . (Filtered Words: 0)
If laying ties on a railroad track , which he once did for $1 an hour , paid more than playing right field for the Yankees , [FILTERED] would lay ties on a railroad track . (Filtered Words: 1)
( See fig. 9 , double-wall shelter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Further , there is no mileage charge or mileage limitations when you lease a car , and you pay only the flat monthly rate plus a nominal charge for documents and insurance since the car is registered and insured individually for your trip . (Filtered Words: 0)
In its monastic form , Mahayana was merely an organization of magic-practicing monks ( bonzes ) , who catered to the Chinese faith in the supernatural . (Filtered Words: 0)
She promised that she would soon take a few day's leave and visit the uncle she had never seen , on the island of Oyajima -- which was not very far from Yokosuka . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
On most drill presses , it is impossible to get the exact speed , but you can come close by adjusting the drive belt on the step-cone pulleys . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just because he was honorable enough to want to continue supporting his two children , as any decent man would , that was no reason he should be denied his own small share of happiness too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , it is the aim of this essay to advance a new theory of imitation ( which I shall call mimesis in order to distinguish it from earlier theories of imitation ) and a new theory of invention ( which I shall call symbol for reasons to be stated hereafter ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , in fact , it turned out to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elaine and Poet returned together , popping up over the transom almost like dolphins breaking water . (Filtered Words: 0)
To greet them with repulsion would turn what before was neutral into something bad ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There is plenty more to recommend [FILTERED] , the facts of whose life are given in The Life And Times Of Samuel [FILTERED] , by Adelos [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
He thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Some SEATO nations disagreed , however . (Filtered Words: 0)
Less personal salesmanship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wide range in bids (Filtered Words: 0)
Measure and record . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be preceded by luncheon in the Teter House . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You will stay here thirty minutes after the others go home this afternoon and work your problems '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without a tremor , `` God forbid '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you carefully policing wash-up time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is productive ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The cycle of disaster starts the moment they touch any belonging of ours , and dogs them unto the forty-fifth generation . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of these is the `` dissolve '' , which makes possible a visually smooth transition from scene to scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hate Warsaw , he said to himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a remarkable book and an astonishingly interesting one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suppose I hadn't brought along enough money ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For an instant John was stunned . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hemorrhage was in the prostate region ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't very funny . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of pulling into the curb , [FILTERED] increased his speed slightly to the corner where he swung left . (Filtered Words: 1)
These are becoming more and more available through the work of counties and other government agencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Copernicus required a systematically integrated , physically intelligible astronomy . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , producer of Uprising . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mary was as frozen below the navel as he . (Filtered Words: 0)
Promoters always hastened to place their choice tickets in the hands of the wealthy speculators , and only the man who knew the man who knew the fellow who had an in with the guy at the box office ever came up with a good seat for a contest of any importance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Alice '' -- I stammered through dry lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance -- what about all those people [FILTERED] went toward unhesitatingly , as if this were the one moment they would ever have together , their one chance of knowing each other ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] felt his heart thud heavily with relief . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What happened '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( surname : Gerby ) , 23 , seems Hong Kong Oriental but has a Spanish father and an Indian mother , was born in America and educated at Holy Cross Academy and Textile High School , says she learned belly dancing at family picnics . (Filtered Words: 1)
One of the obvious conclusions we can make on the basis of the last election , I suppose , is that we , the majority , were dissatisfied with [FILTERED] conservatism . (Filtered Words: 1)
Barney was not really frightening . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside , only a handful of reporters remained . (Filtered Words: 0)
The preparation of test specimens will vary depending upon the type of dimensional restorability procedure ( if any ) to be used . (Filtered Words: 0)
Allied Arts Corporation first listed the Chicago dates as Dec. 4 thru 10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
His addle-brained knight-errant , self-appointed to the ridiculous position in an age when armor had already been relegated to museums and the chivalrous code of knight-errantry had become a joke , is , as [FILTERED] no doubt intended , a gaunt but gracious symbol of good , moving soberly and sincerely in a world of cynics , hypocrites and rogues . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not realizing the seriousness of the wound , the besiegers warned that if he did not surrender the house would be burned down around him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lieutenant eyed Gun's reflection in the mirror over the washbowl and then glanced back at his own face , moving the comb methodically around his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
I grinned at him , handed him a couple of dollars and said , `` By the time you get the parking charge figured up , there should be a cigar in it for you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- feed at level for 2 or 3 days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ideally , the President would like the French to agree on a `` status quo ante '' on [FILTERED] , and accept a new timetable for withdrawing their forces from the Mediterranean base . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the fourth dimension is a physical concept and not purely metaphysical , through what medium does it extend ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The necessity for keeping alert to his bride's hazards can act as an interference with the man's spontaneous desire . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the two weeks when the algae disappeared from the effluent BOD's in the effluent were 18 and 16 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Purchase of state vehicles is handled similarly to all state purchases . (Filtered Words: 0)
They reached Fort Douglas in June 1820 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The U.S.S.R. and her followers are careful in paying their obligations to the regular budget . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did you watch him '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He opened the inner door ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
After it has reached terminal velocity , the time for the tape to travel a known distance is recorded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jazz , like sex , is a mystique . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went for the bed , jumped on it , and struck where he could , repeatedly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore to Helva , the problem that she couldn't open her mouth to sing , among other restrictions , did not bother her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last night the Mayor visited Mr. [FILTERED] at the Bronx leader's home for a discussion of the situation . (Filtered Words: 1)
The letter , dated Feb. 22 , was delivered to Premier [FILTERED] in Novosibirsk , Siberia , on March 9 . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Not onions '' , came the answer the following day . (Filtered Words: 0)
and also of English Youth and any others '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
Jubal couldn't reconstruct the crime from the way the girls behaved because patterns kept shifting -- ABC vs D , then BCD vs A or AB vs CD , or AD vs CB , through all ways that four women can gang up on each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
All false gods resemble Moloch , at least in the early phases of their careers , so it would be unreasonable to expect any form of idol-worship to become widespread without the accompaniment of human sacrifice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Teachers -- men who wore brown suits and had gray hair and pleasant smiles -- came to their table to talk shop and to be introduced to Scotty and Rachel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mines . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] broke under the devastating fire , wheeled and retreated . (Filtered Words: 1)
there were two or three colored maids employed there . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can imagine what it would look like going out on the turnpike with the peas banked up against the houses and covering the cars ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
but many against combining to raise it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did he know something that made him feel sad and sorry for her ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Also , if you're going to believe those prints , you'll have to look for a killer who's a top-grade piano player '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
An over-all concept will guide industry where available talents and facilities will yield greatest dividends . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether or not this is done out of enlightened self-preservation , I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he was sick . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the final accounting , these would have augmented the bill for both sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] hurried through the swinging door . (Filtered Words: 1)
On C , from the point P at Af to the point Q at Af , we construct the chord , and upon the chord as a side erect a square in such a way that as S approaches zero the square is inside C . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today . (Filtered Words: 0)
Were any of us interested enough in the idea to do it for her , by proxy so to speak ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She was a real experience ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
gauche rainbow shapes replaced the poignant ovals of gold . (Filtered Words: 0)
She couldn't see how her death could affect [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The secret little corner of his mind , which stayed sane through happiness and pain , made him wonder about B'dikkat . (Filtered Words: 0)
he dare not be a cosmic aeon that swoops to earth for a while but never identifies itself with man's history . (Filtered Words: 0)
The name encouraged him , because he always felt that he could handle the Irish . (Filtered Words: 0)
What was only a vague suspicion in the case of [FILTERED] now appears as a direct accusation : the private eye is in danger of turning into his opposite . (Filtered Words: 1)
use slip to join scored ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw them ambushed , strewn in the postures of the broken and the dying . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon he was ready to go into a three-dimensional figure in clay . (Filtered Words: 0)
But one thing is for certain : There is no dissension between [FILTERED] , the American League's Most Valuable Player in 1956 and 1957 , and [FILTERED] , the MVP in 1960 . (Filtered Words: 2)
During the Sixties we have the prospect of a significant stepping up in the rate of household formations , which should contribute to a rising volume of consumer expenditures and home building . (Filtered Words: 0)
he had no use any longer for exact time , even had the watch been running . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , both of Houston , and [FILTERED] of Beaumont seated guests . (Filtered Words: 3)
Students' choices of ideal educational goals are not arbitrary or whimsical . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may apply for such an extension by filing Form 2688 , Application For Extension Of Time To File , with the District Director of Internal Revenue for your district , or you may make your application in a letter . (Filtered Words: 0)
he and his prospective producer just read the bestseller lists . (Filtered Words: 0)
We cannot test public opinion until the President and the leaders of the country have gone to the public to explain what is required and have asked them for support for the necessary action . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is necessary that Poland should be free , independent in power . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the greater reason for fumbling , stumbling American leadership is due to the shock her pride suffered when the Japanese attacked at Pearl Harbor . (Filtered Words: 0)
On December 2 , 1859 , [FILTERED] was hanged at Charles Town , Virginia . (Filtered Words: 1)
That achievement was his creation of the universal grinding machine , which made its appearance in 1876 at the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
When this experiment is viewed as composed of five binomial trials , one for each member of the family , the outcomes of the trials are obviously not independent . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the cow camps , [FILTERED] was regarded as a hero , as the same kind of champion he was when he entered and invariably won the local rodeos . (Filtered Words: 1)
He said to his partner . (Filtered Words: 0)
another by giving away his property in order to help his fellow man . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nonreactors had been separated into two groups on this assumption with the presumably `` secure '' nonreactors and `` secure '' reactors being used as the groups for comparative personality studies . (Filtered Words: 0)
But with the months moving on -- and the immediate confrontations with the Communists showing no gain for the free world -- the question arises : (Filtered Words: 0)
A spouse employed by a corporation her husband controls , for example , may be entitled to distributions under the company's pension plan as well as to her own Social Security coverage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oso slept unconcernedly , his rifle cradled in his arms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In his only attack on the Republicans , Hughes said , `` The three Republican candidates for governor are tripping over their feet for popular slogans to win the primary . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
For instance -- what about all those people [FILTERED] went toward unhesitatingly , as if this were the one moment they would ever have together , their one chance of knowing each other ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The [FILTERED] group had been formed for the express purpose of advising the Secretary General . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Listen , mister . (Filtered Words: 0)
These new poems have only a few direct references to jazz and jazz musicians , but they show changes in Patchen's approach to his poetry , for he has tried to enter into and understand the emotional attitude of the jazz musician . (Filtered Words: 0)
and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
The logical scheme used to accomplish the former influences the placement of information in the dictionary file . (Filtered Words: 0)
What kept him happy without super-condamine ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The complexities of Venetian politics eluded him , but the story of the revolution itself is told in restrained measures , with no superfluous passages and only an occasional overemphasis of the part played by its leading figure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Discovery of electromagnetism (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] , founder of Warwick , was styled by the historian [FILTERED] Arnold `` one of the most remarkable men who ever lived '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
He lurched on down the road despairingly , because there was no place else to go . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I should have stayed at the store '' , she thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girls , after dressing , were indignant . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his absence , the rifle regiment was under the command of Major [FILTERED] , another able Virginian . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus if the gyro and platform-controller combination maintains the platform with zero angular deviation about the **yf axis , the system can be rotated with an angular velocity Af if a torque is supplied to the gyro output axis [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Oh crap ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The reason offered for clinging to the ancestral faith lacked force and authority even in the teen-agers' minds . (Filtered Words: 0)
It took him a long time to compose himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
In private life , [FILTERED] is Mrs. [FILTERED] and on the go most of the time commuting from Dallas , where they maintain an apartment , to their California home in Los Angeles' suburban Bel-Air to their ranch in Pecos , New Mexico . (Filtered Words: 2)
The farm program will cost an additional 1.5 billion , because of unusual weather factors , the Food for Peace program and other new measures . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 1 ) When an object was placed in the patient's hand , he had no difficulty determining whether it was warm or cold , sharp or blunt , rough or smooth , flexible , soft , or hard ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Why trust [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
These opinions of the assessors are of significance in indicating what their thinking seems to be at the present time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet a grassy approach can turn a pool into a floating lawn every time the grass is mowed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had come as no great surprise to Matson that the hot water in the showers didn't work , that Loren Severe had thrown up all over the stairs , or that some thieving bastard of a cop had walked off with his cigarettes . (Filtered Words: 0)
These students , although they might read various articles in popular magazines , more often chose to report on articles found in the journals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Daniel termed `` extremely conservative '' his estimate that it would produce 17 million dollars to help erase an anticipated deficit of 63 million dollars at the end of the current fiscal year next Aug. 31 . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , [FILTERED] said , he was choked by the smoke , which fortunately kept him from seeing the dreadful town . (Filtered Words: 1)
His prescription : hot and cold compresses to increase her absorption of water . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was in the war , he was in [FILTERED] or [FILTERED] or something like that , and an old buddy of his told me he would come down on Sundays to the Pentagon and read the citations for medals -- just like the one we sent in for Trig -- and go away with a real glow . (Filtered Words: 2)
It's awkward , you see that , isn't it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Needless to say , you can't build Hotei in a couple of weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
They initiate campaigns , so to speak , even if this initiation is diffused among them , and their concerted action only psychologically organized . (Filtered Words: 0)
If A-Z could buy Ticonderoga cheaply and use their presses and dies and other equipment , if [FILTERED] could hit precisely the right promotion note , if the money hurdle was not insurmountable . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] of Washington , D.C. , announce the birth of a daughter , [FILTERED] , on Monday in Washington , D.C. . (Filtered Words: 2)
The Armed Forces Medical Publication Agency , established in 1949 , has published , since January 1950 , The United States Armed Forces Medical Journal as a triservice publication to furnish material of professional interest to Medical Department officers of the three military services . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cascaded single stages enclosed by a common envelope have been constructed with high gain and high resolution . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was beginning to see he was too mad to sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can take it with you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look somewhere else . (Filtered Words: 0)
Get in '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The slaves never shared in their profits , while they did share , in a very real sense , in the profits of the slave-owners : they were fed , clothed , doctored , and so forth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Institutionalization Though undoubtedly all six processes are operative within the whole social system and its subsystems , two processes that are of crucial importance to this study will be singled out for particular emphasis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Slowly she turned to face the men again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through the SBA's Management Counseling Program , practical , personalized advice on sound management principles is available upon request to both prospective and established businessmen in a community . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question might be asked : `` Don't the managements of the heavy-electrical-goods manufacturers know these facts ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
we're on even terms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly not the largest afternoon audience Newport has ever had at a jazz concert and the most attentive and quiet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , then , with these voluntary barricades and some state laws barring liquor ads , is it necessary to seek congressional action ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The upper limit was determined by the difficulty of measuring the characteristic anode surface temperature ( see below ) since only a small region of the anode was struck by the arc . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl was in critical condition with burns over 90 per cent of her body . (Filtered Words: 0)
We enjoyed a paradoxical freedom when we were still too young for school . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , they went so far as to caution the writer that if he attempted to design a section exclusively for married students there should be , at the beginning , some `` hindsight '' study ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
More often than not I have found easy excuse to leave my own work and stand at a respectable distance where I could watch this man transform raw nature into a composed , not imitative , painting . (Filtered Words: 0)
He apologized so sweetly , I couldn't keep being annoyed with him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Though that does not mean that there may not be such records there . (Filtered Words: 0)
They all swung at the same instant in the same direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's my boy '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know , Stephen '' , she smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
And at once [FILTERED] saw what the trouble was and he knew just how to correct it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ejaculated the surprised woman , looking at Alex for an explanation but he , parting from her without ceremony , only offered a few words about the doctor's provincial American speech and a state of nerves brought on by the demands of his work . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s glance began to flicker to his watch . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is important to consider and experimentally verify this influence since quantitative nuclear resonance is becoming increasingly used in investigations of structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
He defied the Boston hierarchy , and after they sent a small army to get him he befuddled the court , including [FILTERED] , with one of the most complicated religious discourses ever heard . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] had been given about half his legacy to use in a business venture before Papa's death ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Trading was comparatively dull throughout the day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Point is that developing countries often build up a textile industry first , need encouragement to get on their feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Djangology '' , made up of tracks he recorded with Stephane Grappelly and the Quintet of the Hot Club of France . (Filtered Words: 0)
A binomial experiment can produce random variables other than the number of successes . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a difference in the experimental arrangement , in that the U.S. microphones are attached directly to the vehicle skin while the Russian instruments are isolated from the skin . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Myra wouldn't budge without an express invitation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her action was involuntary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] , for instance , was not too long on sympathy . (Filtered Words: 1)
The dosages in the three levels of the vertical profile were : Af (Filtered Words: 0)
Port Jervis , basking in the foothills , was the city of God . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each man , that is , is both one and many . (Filtered Words: 0)
While availability of mortgage money has been a factor in encouraging apartment construction , the generally high level of prosperity in the past few years plus rising consumer income are among the factors that have encouraged builders to concentrate in the apartment-building field . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one time it was the ambition of every saxophone player in every high school band in America to blow like Bird . (Filtered Words: 0)
The extrapolation may be in error for several reasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
a winning little `` Snow Maiden '' variation by the adorable Galina Kekisheva ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It offered to surrender its right to exclusive trade , but asked an indemnity . (Filtered Words: 0)
This in turn sets off an alarm , notifying the observers at the station that a tsunami is in progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
One young man , exhilarated to the point of insanity by liquor and the excitement of the moment , performed a perfect swan dive out of the stands at the Yale Bowl during the Yale-Army football game , landed squarely on his head on the concrete ramp below , and died at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kitti had come along to justify everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leona '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
These are the results . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five candidates seek the place vacated by Secretary [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
New schools were rising , but with this went a harsh proclamation : any academic degree earned during Batista's regime was invalid . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have seen diapers strung across the ruined roof . (Filtered Words: 0)
The decision maker who acts for the community as a whole must decide whether the objectives pursued and the methods used are appropriate to public policy regarding cultural groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
These lectures formed the nucleus of a general survey of English development which took form afterward as A History Of England . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wonder if anyone ever bothered to make the point that when it comes to boats and their motors , Americans excel over any country in the world in the long run . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Actually , the abuse of the process may have constituted a contempt of the Criminal court of Cook county , altho vindication of the authority of that court is not the function of this court '' , said [FILTERED] , who is a City judge in East St. Louis sitting in Cook County court . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nadine strode over to him , and her pointed nails raked across his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the peak of the arch , tip the head back and bend the knees in an effort to touch toes to head . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he still showed no intention of sharing with the syndicate . (Filtered Words: 0)
the slaves were to remain as wage laborers for his account . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rector said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No -- really '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You didn't go clear around '' , Benson said . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a few weeks [FILTERED] made another sortie at Taliesin , but was repulsed at the locked and guarded gates . (Filtered Words: 1)
Judging class for intermediates proposed (Filtered Words: 0)
Entrance into such stellar song writing company encouraged the burgeoning song writer to take a wife , [FILTERED] , a dancer in the Gaieties . (Filtered Words: 1)
If [FILTERED] killer acted this way , catching up with him was going to be a cinch . (Filtered Words: 1)
For [FILTERED] is already wonderfully contented with his lot . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is , in fact , a relatively mild chastisement of the dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
This will reduce vibration and increase accuracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It resembles , too , pictures such as Durer and Bruegel did , in which all that looks at first to be solely pictorial proves on inspection to be also literary , the representation of a proverb , for example , or a deadly sin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Motorists like myself who can remember the old `` tourists accommodated '' signs on farm houses and village homes before World War 2 , can only marvel at the great size and the luxury of the relatively new and fast-grossing motel business . (Filtered Words: 0)
It also happened with the Inauguration , which was not re-run at all during the evening hours , and I wrote to the TV editor of the Times . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still another approach to the changeable letter type of sign is a modular unit introduced by [FILTERED] , Azusa , Calif. . (Filtered Words: 1)
7-4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Orchestra , Band , and Choir have auditions during the week preceding the first day of classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
You certainly can't expect the infield to do any better than it did last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
According to the new theories , the nineteenth century corporate sovereign was `` sovereign '' in a quite new and different sense from his historical predecessors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Super again elected (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew it as surely as everybody in Westfield -- that Lucille was a husband stealer . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a vital part of their spiritual growth and assimilation . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we are born of God we love the brethren . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh yes , the other day I reread some of Emerson's English Traits , and there was an anecdote about a group of English and Americans visiting Germany , more than a hundred years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ann was very troubled . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the second and third chapters of Revelation the new version retains , however , the old phrase `` angel of the church '' which Biblical scholars have previously interpreted as meaning bishop . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the end of the third act , the artist is dead but the body lingers on , a shell among other shells . (Filtered Words: 0)
I may be wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
It ended when he tumbled ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Stardel ( Star's Pride-Starlette Hanover ) , 2:34 , looks quite promising . (Filtered Words: 0)
The conversation of the characters creates an atmosphere suggesting the usual mixture of pleasures , foibles , irritations , and concerns which would characterize the common life of a normal village in any age . (Filtered Words: 0)
It won't open from inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion at its best is out in front , ever beckoning and leading on , and , as [FILTERED] put it , `` mobilizing all man's scattered energies in one triumphant sense of his own infinite importance '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
This room was like a prison . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bunch of damn jerks '' , Hub growled . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fresh breeze saluted him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing at all '' , he said quietly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cappy looked wary , but he moved off the floorboards and followed the dirty ex-musician to the center of the refuse-littered boxcar . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , everybody thought , was a strong woman , but she was only strong because she had Alfred to lean on . (Filtered Words: 1)
I also use a small electric hand-blower to dry large washes in the studio . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Thanks '' , [FILTERED] said , `` but Friday is a long way off and anything can happen '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ethics and peace (Filtered Words: 0)
Wednesday nights after youth fellowship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Titled `` What's New In Music '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Perier attempted to understand the problem by sending agents to inquire among the Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
Synthetic Cubism began with [FILTERED] alone , late in 1913 or early in 1914 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He refuses to believe that the bandit chief never attended a higher institution . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reference to two other concepts -- nationalism and sovereignty -- may help to reveal the contours of the new principle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the fire was directed by [FILTERED] against Dallas and Sen. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Cholesterol and thyroid (Filtered Words: 0)
) Encouraged by her giggles he imitated [FILTERED] who was crazy about ham . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here they built huts and a stockade named Fort Daer after Selkirk's barony in Scotland . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
They know it is the chief ingredient in gallstones . (Filtered Words: 0)
As cholesterol piles up , it narrows , irritates and damages the artery , encouraging formation of calcium deposits and slowing circulation . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] waved a hand at the empty street . (Filtered Words: 1)
I know men never kiss les putains '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But nowhere ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1959 , according to the Engineers , Lake [FILTERED] was only one of thirty-two artificial lakes and reservoirs which were used for recreation by over 1,000,000 persons . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not yours . (Filtered Words: 0)
That cock . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , having slept away a day and a night , came awake in a plank farmhouse on the Harlem River near Spuyten Duyvil . (Filtered Words: 1)
Part 2 of Volume 1 , and Parts 2 and 3 of Volume 2 , contain the crystal descriptions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mouse deer played around the feet of the elephants , or fled when the mighty legs thrashed too close . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they have 4 to 6 leaves and are thrifty little plants , it's time to set them out where they are to remain . (Filtered Words: 0)
During fiscal years 1959 and 1960 , there were 795,586 visitors to the Museum . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then it is marked on the inside where it comes in contact with the transom , frames , keelson and all the battens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Say four million . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the academic world there is seldom anything so dramatic as a strike or a boycott : all that happens is that the better qualified teacher declines to gamble two or three years of his life on the chance that conditions at the Catholic institution will be as good as those elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
the head dropped off ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And he is a great man . (Filtered Words: 0)
The expense ( operating ) budget is to be a program budget , and red tape is cut to allow greater autonomy ( with the Mayor approving ) in fund transfers within a department . (Filtered Words: 0)
They knew that I was still grieving over the tragic event , and they felt that if I could see the recovery and the spirit of the people , who hold no grudge , but who also regret Pearl Harbor , I would be happier and would understand better a new Japan . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over on the bank , the west bank , a man stood , calling to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a blur just under my focus of vision , a crash ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
in the second study , the percentages were 86 for professionals , 74 for managerial persons , 42 for commercial employees , 56 for skilled workers , and 48 for semi-skilled workers . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last it was time to depart . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Leave me alone '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
My idea of masterful movie making . (Filtered Words: 0)
He crossed the tracks to Delaware House , where ladies in gay dresses and men in straw boaters and waxed mustaches crowded the verandah . (Filtered Words: 0)
The striptease is crass ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Treasury arrives at substantially the same conclusion , but skirts the problem of section 203 of the United States Code . (Filtered Words: 0)
7-4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our creditors do not forget us (Filtered Words: 0)
Included in the findings are : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
And after several correspondents went into [FILTERED] territory and exposed the huge build-up , administration spokesmen acclaimed them for performing a `` great service '' and laid the matter before the Southeast Asia Treaty Organization . (Filtered Words: 1)
There must be a fixed number n of repeated trials . (Filtered Words: 0)
By trying to be both a serious survey of a bygone era and a showcase for today's artists , the program turned out to be a not-quite-perfect example of either . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most come from the root cellar or from the freezer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eating facilities (Filtered Words: 0)
In a certain sense , interfaith communication parallels diplomatic communication among the nation-states . (Filtered Words: 0)
This periodical , including weekly statistical supplements , is available for $4 per year from Commerce Field Offices or Superintendent of Documents , U.S. Government Printing Office , Washington 25 , D.C. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Travelers entering from the desert were confounded by what must have seemed an illusion : a great garden filled with nightingales and roses , cut by canals and terraced promenades , studded with water tanks of turquoise tile in which were reflected the glistening blue curves of a hundred domes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I may be back '' , he explained , `` and then again , I may not '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they opted for illusion , it could only be illusion per se -- an illusion of depth , and of relief , so general and abstracted as to exclude the representation of individual objects . (Filtered Words: 0)
A three-day confinement week , with a month's vacation and shorter hours all around could be an ultimate demand from cell occupants of the nation , with fringe benefits including : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of [FILTERED] took top senior individual home economics honors with a demonstration called filbert hats . (Filtered Words: 2)
It does cost a lot of money for most hobbies but there are hobbies that are for free . (Filtered Words: 0)
I sat waiting for Life to come along and sweep me up . (Filtered Words: 0)
He pointed out the switch to me and for a moment I foolishly believed that he would let deed follow words . (Filtered Words: 0)
The prospects look great . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simple hole drilling operations (Filtered Words: 0)
Operating budget for the day schools in the five counties of Dallas , Harris , Bexar , Tarrant and El Paso would be $451,500 , which would be a savings of $157,460 yearly after the first year's capital outlay of $88,000 was absorbed , Parkhouse told the Senate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Field does the planning for the machine operations and fiscal processes and the adapting of the data processing system to new programs as they are made necessary by legislative and policy changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
But then , neither was peaked . (Filtered Words: 0)
tulips with `` petals wide and shaggy as a spaniel's ears '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` When [FILTERED] gets back with the jeep , I want you to round up two or three Japanese boys . (Filtered Words: 1)
In news broadcasts I consistently hear the foreign volunteers fighting in the Katanga Army referred to as mercenaries . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's absurd , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] said , from a pale face . (Filtered Words: 2)
and that as they mature their interests and capabilities change and broaden . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had felt the draft they were making while mounting the stairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result was a collection of 280 songs , ballads , ditties , brought together from all regions of America , more than one hundred never before published : The American Songbag . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] returned to Bishopsgate she longed to tell them she had become Byron's mistress . (Filtered Words: 1)
For [FILTERED] , I tabulated these 71 items in five columns , according as they were expressed by 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , and more than 4 stems . (Filtered Words: 1)
I know because this is my 37th year with hardly a break . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wife is likely to be young , sophisticated , smart as a whip -- often a girl who has sacrificed a promising career for marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is the kind of people they are . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't know yet , it's crazy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most common of camp maladies was diarrhoea . (Filtered Words: 0)
When there was bridge at Edythe's house , the cards shuffled like wet graham crackers and the food probably was wet graham crackers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Intelligence jabbed at him accusingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
burned each hand when they came groping again . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was his goal , she was his reason . (Filtered Words: 0)
His shout had been taken up and repeated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each Journal contained articles of professional and clinical interest , and departments devoted to military medical news , reviews of new books , and other features of interest to officers of the medical services . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What kind of car is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Now unsolder and disassemble the frame except for the two 12'' '' and the first two 3-3/4'' '' bars ( `` A '' and `` B '' pieces ) , which are soldered together . (Filtered Words: 0)
and in Brussels , street crowds shouted , `` Pas une goutte de sang ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter two were appointed secretaries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Practices in Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could you comment on that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Take a picture of the group of new members to be put in the church paper or placed on the bulletin board . (Filtered Words: 0)
The work done by the analysts , the men who really know what folklore is all about , has no more appeal than any other work of a truly scientific sort and reaches a limited , learned audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was one further step in my religious progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chin up , Soapy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What I am saying does not mean that there will henceforth be no form in art . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you checked the cost of subcontracting your cafeteria operation in order to save administrative costs ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They had protested that that wasn't any surprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Transit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , a satisfactory answer to the third question is imperative , if the argument is to get under way at all , for if there is any possibility of doubt whether the patient's tactual sensitivity had been impaired by the occipital lesion , any findings whatsoever in regard to the first question become completely ambiguous and fail altogether , of course , as evidence to establish the desired conclusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feeling his power , [FILTERED] looked for additional worlds to conquer . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Nobody else can live in your hearth while I am in it '' , Hesperus said promptly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parker was never excommunicated . (Filtered Words: 0)
And reasons other than employee need contributed to the growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] belonged to a world acquainted with small attractive hotels and pensions in all the major and minor cities . (Filtered Words: 1)
His head slumped . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are often told that the [FILTERED] has , unfortunately , life-contracts with old actors who are both mediocre and lazy , drawing their pay without much acting but probably doing real service to the [FILTERED] by staying off the stage . (Filtered Words: 2)
Tell her to come here to the hotel '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But first , we must define two terms so that their meaning will be clearly understood : form -- any unique sequence of alphabetic characters that can appear in a language preceded and followed by a space ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They were disturbed by his idiotic bravado -- as , when his bodyguard , [FILTERED] , complained that he had been snubbed by [FILTERED] , a prize-fight referee , chieftain of a Jewish gang and one of four brothers of tough reputation , who were [FILTERED] , a gambler-politician in loose beer-running league with [FILTERED] and O'Banion , [FILTERED] , a policeman , and [FILTERED] , the youngest . (Filtered Words: 6)
He didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was 15 , his parents finally allowed him to attend classes at the Academy of Fine Arts in Vienna . (Filtered Words: 0)
SMU will play the Owls at Rice Stadium in Houston in a night game Saturday , Oct. 21 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why , to brush your teeth '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within the narrow frame of military tactics , too , the experts agree that the campaign was brilliant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her roar changed to a growl . (Filtered Words: 0)
The publication last July of the party's Draft Program -- that blueprint for the `` transition to communism '' -- had led the uninitiated to suppose that this Twenty-second Congress would be a sort of apotheosis of the Khrushchev regime , a solemn consecration of ideas which had , in fact , been current over the last three or four years ( i.e. , since the defeat of the `` anti-party group '' ) in all theoretical party journals . (Filtered Words: 0)
The transit can be replaced by an autocollimator . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stern face would relax , the black-clad arms would embrace him , `` My son '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In this play there were so many characters and so much detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
He should have stayed here and watched [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The very firmness of her convictions and logical clearness of her arguments captivated and stimulated him to make greater efforts ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The codes in the red box -- there are several of them covering various contingencies -- are contained in a sealed X-ray-proof `` unique device '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tragic irony of the play is that the very belief in and concern with a devil who could be met in the woods and combatted with formulae set out in books was the very thing that prevented them from detecting the real devil when he came among them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Measurements for rectangular pattern piece A are obtained by measuring inside circumference and depth of butter mold bowl . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said : `` The crazy fool '' , half aloud . (Filtered Words: 0)
On my way out I told her , `` If you should eh just happen to see your husband , get him to give himself up . (Filtered Words: 0)
We all believe that toward acts or effects of a certain kind one attitude is fitting and another not ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no confusion and no litter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The deeds of countless western bandits and outlaws have been glorified almost to the point of hero-worship , but because [FILTERED] remained strictly on the side of the law throughout his action-packed career , his achievements and the appalling risks he took while taming the West have remained almost unsung . (Filtered Words: 1)
For sheer ambition , take the [FILTERED] series titled modestly `` Wisdom '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
We'll need some at least , if only bus fare to the scene of the crime . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tiny hamlet of Chesterton to the north , with the fens and marshes lying on down the Ouse River , may have attracted him often , as it did many other youths of the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
By July 1 , six weeks from now , motel-keepers all over the nation will , by 6 p.m. , be switching on that bleak -- to motorists -- sign , `` No Vacancy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anything else ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He got her dozens of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
If I hafta do this to stay alive by God I'll do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why , Winston '' , she'd cry , `` I just now saw you eating it out of the jar '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It's big business (Filtered Words: 0)
Mikoyan declared : (Filtered Words: 0)
I grinned at Rachel . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the way he stopped at the desk to receive his mail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cox argued that the bill is `` probably unconstitutional '' since , he said , it would impair contracts . (Filtered Words: 0)
He rolled toward her and took her in his arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
It gives , indeed , cause for rejoicing to remember what many catastrophes of the past produced ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Those were his only interludes behind bars , although he collected four more charges on his police record in 1921 and 1922 , three for burglary and one for robbery . (Filtered Words: 0)
It expanded from hand screw machines to automatic screw machines , from simple formed-tooth gear cutting machines to gear hobbing machines and a large contract gear manufacturing business , from rudimentary belt-driven universal milling machines to a broad line of elaborately controlled knee-type and manufacturing type milling machines . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tsunami-warning system developed since the 1946 disaster in Hawaii relies mainly on a simple and ingenious instrument devised by Commander [FILTERED] of the Coast and Geodetic Survey staff . (Filtered Words: 1)
One thing was becoming increasingly sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Armed with constitutional power to negate the Executive's foreign policy , the Senate carries a big stick and is easily provoked to use it on the State Department's back , or on the head of the Secretary of State . (Filtered Words: 0)
The features of his face are distinct , but not fine . (Filtered Words: 0)
you may be baptized , confirmed , reverent and worshipful ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The cleansing tissues she had been using had been falling on the floor , and he got up and picked up one , then another , hoping she would notice what he was doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I feel fine ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He becomes more callous , the population becomes more hostile , the situation grows more tense , and the police force is increased . (Filtered Words: 0)
The church's cloisters are among [FILTERED] most beautiful creations . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some time ago , however , Mr. [FILTERED] decided that when bigger bombs were made , the Soviet Union would make them . (Filtered Words: 1)
reagents . (Filtered Words: 0)
a Navy of 817 active ships and 619,000 men ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There at the river's edge waited one [FILTERED] , whom [FILTERED] listed as a `` clerk '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Each state advisory committee documented its own activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
It also overlooks the fact that in a rational lexicon , and quite clearly in More's lexicon , the opposite of serious is not gay but frivolous , and the opposite of gay is not serious but solemn . (Filtered Words: 0)
A small pressure unbalance displaces the diaphragm and changes the capacitance between the diaphragm and an electrically insulated plate spaced 0.001 in. apart ( for Af ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where're you takin' me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll toe the line . (Filtered Words: 0)
It enables towns to make more economical purchases and to take advantage of cash discounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his stead is a milquetoast version known as `` the corporation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stimulates rumen activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
This section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about , or in attempting to bring about , the substantial lessening of competition . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is generally an inaccurate method of rating , for the horsepower is that of the compressor motor , and many other components beside it determine how much cooling you'll get . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
At 12:50 p.m. a ramp was rolled up to the plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
If only this could be done more often -- with such heartening results -- many of the earth's `` big problems '' would shrink to the insignificances they really are . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the most endearing of Lao ceremonies . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
whether to pursue a college education or a job after high school ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Direct confrontation and acceptance of Mrs. [FILTERED]'s anger against the second baby soon dissipated her fears of annihilation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Many of the cells and microorganisms which are transparent to visible light , absorb or reflect the much shorter wavelengths of the ultraviolet spectrum . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was [FILTERED] then , wide-eyed , but not naive . (Filtered Words: 1)
The fertility rate pattern would seem to be a function , though a latent one , of the process of maintaining the boundary . (Filtered Words: 0)
For English the reduction in size is less striking . (Filtered Words: 0)
You're a fool . (Filtered Words: 0)
On May 15 , a very large increase occurred with Af of mass between Af and Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Deity and Law are one and inseparable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now let's make sure they're Japs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile spring had passed well into summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Principal author of `` The Federalist '' , he swung New York over from opposition to the Constitution to ratification almost single-handedly . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a time there were two factions on the campus fighting for possession of the student body . (Filtered Words: 0)
A new radial drill press with a 16 inch capacity has a tilting head that allows drilling to be done at any angle . (Filtered Words: 0)
this one did . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should she wake him ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I took it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What about Ballestre '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The only area in which American boys hold their own is the baseball throw . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sure she'd turn it over to you , if you'd rather . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four or five of the cousins from East Texas were about his age , so naturally they ran around together . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each performance may be different . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Comment '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , to greet them with delight would convert what before was neutral into something good ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The white policeman standing on a Harlem street corner finds himself at the very center of the revolution now occurring in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the face of it , it is because he employs deductive techniques alien to official police routine . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But it's just that -- well , you know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Publication and distribution : (Filtered Words: 0)
Insects there were on the world , but they were frozen solid during the night , only to revive and thaw in the morning sun . (Filtered Words: 0)
This tube could be adjusted in its axial direction by an electric drive to establish the required electrode spacing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , the sensation always surprised him . (Filtered Words: 0)
many of us in public relations were flattered that [FILTERED] chose to devote his editorial in the March 11 Communications Supplement to the merger of the Public Relations Society of America and the American Public Relations Association . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Once you become an avocado fan , you will look forward to the season each year with eager anticipation . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we cluster together , the redcoats can make an advantage out of it , but there's not a blessed thing they can do with two or three of us except chase us , and we can outrun them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
same date , [FILTERED] trio to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Appointment of [FILTERED] , 41 , as promotion manager of The Times-Picayune Publishing Company was announced Saturday by [FILTERED] , president of the company . (Filtered Words: 2)
All of you be ready to ride hell for leather '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Saturated fats can accommodate no more hydrogens . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than a beautiful visualization of the illustrious adventures and escapades of the tragi-comic knight-errant and his squire , Sancho Panza , in seventeenth-century Spain , this inevitably abbreviated rendering of the classic satire on chivalry is an affectingly warm and human exposition of character . (Filtered Words: 0)
The large jar was brushed with Creek-Turn green toner and sponged off . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where you been today '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Have you ever operated a transit '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The unhealthy use of denial in the initial reaction to a stress must be handled through the medium of a positive controlled transference . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any posse riding down the street to demand Blue Throat's surrender would be wiped out with one deadly burst of fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately , Blakey doesn't choose to work much of the time in this vein . (Filtered Words: 0)
At first it had been just a romantic dream of his , the same as the idea of finishing Oxford after the war . (Filtered Words: 0)
The growers have strenuously argued that I should have accepted the Superior Court decisions as conclusive and issued statewide instructions to our staff to ignore this provision in the Secretary's Regulation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their sum is X , the total number of successes , which in this experiment has the value Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite their adherence to the status quo , the forces of organized religion were compelled to make adjustments as increasing civilization augmented human knowledge . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's bigger than the Armistice '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This subject , who has been undergoing psychoanalytic psychotherapy for five years , did not give a positive Kohnstamm reaction under any of the four standardized conditions used in this experiment while sober . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a big thick beefy violent man . (Filtered Words: 0)
in reading , on platforms , even in the large auditorium of the Y.M.H.A. , Poetry Center nights , his voice was intimate , thoughtful , and a trifle shy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously the commander-in-chief had confidence that [FILTERED] would furnish him good intelligence too , for on the 23rd of May , he told [FILTERED] that the British were prepared to move , perhaps in the night , and asked [FILTERED] to have two of his best horses ready to dispatch to General Smallwood with the intelligence obtained . (Filtered Words: 3)
and [FILTERED] presumably is on the way with a further contribution in this area . (Filtered Words: 1)
Delphine was a pace-setter in high society . (Filtered Words: 0)
For , in the process of decanting , the bottle is only tilted once instead of several or more times at the table : hence , a minimum of the undesirable mixture of wine and dregs . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he liked the smell of Delphine's perfume . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pamela shook her head . (Filtered Words: 0)
One is Greece is not yet suffering from overpopulation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is believed that [FILTERED] was related to other seafaring men of the Muscovy Company and was trained on company ships . (Filtered Words: 1)
Is anything being done to increase our margin of safety ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Or that the tiny creek spun its silent course toward the [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
One of the first moves made after a cabinet decision was to request the United States to establish a full-fledged military assistance group instead of the current civilian body . (Filtered Words: 0)
As we have seen , a growing proportion , although in 1914 still a minority , were members of churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was fortunate , and proud . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'd better sleep '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Explains [FILTERED] : As the fatty protein molecules travel in the bloodstream , they are deposited in the intima , or inner wall of a coronary artery . (Filtered Words: 1)
Activity by British traders and the presence of a colony on the Red prompted the United State War Department in 1819 to send Lieutenant-Colonel [FILTERED] from Detroit to put a post 300 miles northwest of [FILTERED] , until then the most advanced United States post . (Filtered Words: 2)
The power that [FILTERED] exercised during his first administration cannot be determined . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the initial development an oxidation pond was constructed as shown in Figure 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Successful teaching involves getting enough information about each pupil to understand why he behaves as he does in certain situations and how his achievement in school is being influenced by various factors in his environment . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did I see him about to swing low in a chariot ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , it was learned the State Highway Department is very near being ready to issue the first $30 million worth of highway reconstruction bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
We saw similar displays in the other three campgrounds in this 70-mile-long National Seashore Recreation Area . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was then in man's hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Encouraging self-help (Filtered Words: 0)
Among some recent imports were seat covers for one series of dining room chairs on which were depicted salad plates overflowing with tomatoes and greens and another set on which a pineapple was worked in naturalistic color . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than twenty-four hundred years old , bruised , battered , worn and partially destroyed , combining to an astounding degree solidity and grace , it still stands , incomparable testimony to man's aspiration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Madden took up this point with [FILTERED] , who shrugged it off . (Filtered Words: 1)
not long ago `` Denver Mud '' was most popular . (Filtered Words: 0)
Environmental intelligence is just as important . (Filtered Words: 0)
The attitudes of some unwed mothers quoted in Chapter 2 , , revealed both considerable preoccupation with being accepted by others and a marked absence of self-certainty . (Filtered Words: 0)
The opinion continues here that with a 162-game schedule , pitching spread thin through a 10-team league and a most inviting target in Los Angeles' Wrigley Field Jr. , [FILTERED] just might break the most glamorous record on the books , [FILTERED] 60 homers of 1927 . (Filtered Words: 2)
The anode in figure 2 was mounted by means of the anode holder which was attached to a steel plug and disk . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has a fast pace , excellent music , expert direction , and not only a good comedian , but an appealing person in his own right , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was a fellow named Blatz over Smithtown way . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 989 ( about $40 ) is an even newer (Filtered Words: 0)
Since Af and P divides Af for Af , we have Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
If A taxpayer dies , the executor , administrator , or legal representative must file the final return for the decedent on or before the 15th day of the 4th month following the close of the deceased taxpayer's normal tax year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blanche knew something must be causing Stanley's new , strange behavior but she never once connected it with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Well , it hadn't been what it seemed , he'd had no idea the girl was in there . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. John 12 , 13 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Weil identifies it as being `` rootless '' , [FILTERED] as being `` placeless '' , Riesman as being `` lonely '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
They did not `` duck the war '' but they fought in it , however reluctantly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The camp was a cluster of aluminum bubbles , ringed with a spy web to alert the Earthmen to the approach of any being . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is due this week (Filtered Words: 1)
To consolidate what her Navy had won , the Czarina was fortunate that , for the first time in Russian history , her land forces enjoyed absolute unity of command under her favorite Giaour . (Filtered Words: 0)
He scratched his mosquito-plagued neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've just been talking to Dr. [FILTERED] '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 1)
He began the diplomatic discussions that resulted in the establishment of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
And while he was ever alert for game , and most particularly a tiger , [FILTERED] marvelled at the Eden they were traversing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] and the bride's other uncles and aunts , the Rush C. Butlers , the Homer E. Robertsons , and the David Q. Porters , will give the bridal dinner tonight in the [FILTERED]es' home . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s attitude toward poetry has always been something of an enigma , because he is so completely sensitive to its charm . (Filtered Words: 1)
A school of thought has it that those attributes are exactly what this concerto needs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The state Public Works Department is accused of having spent $8,555 to build a private beach for a state judge on his waterfront property . (Filtered Words: 0)
Separate systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
Test 1 , (Filtered Words: 0)
Hiroshima is a better city than it was before -- in the minds of the people I met was a strong determination for peace and understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Expenditures for shipbuilding are estimated at about the same level as in 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Better stay in the hotel lobby , where the walls looked good and thick . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was also personally active in ward politics , and by 1924 O'Banion had acquired sufficient political might to be able to state : `` I always deliver my borough as per requirements '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could not really be fulfilled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now that's not regulation , is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm going to put it on my dresser '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I shuddered and backed out of the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Getting drunk every night was the only way I could handle the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its windows glowed with lamplight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Public-spirited backers staked him to a brand-new airplane , aimed at putting their city and state on the flying map . (Filtered Words: 0)
The others likewise had hidden themselves in the grass and the brush . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See fig. 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
One even gave my little dog a biscuit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Military personnel costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
she unquestionably assumed that the more he was entwined with [FILTERED] , the more likely he was to reward [FILTERED] richly upon his death . (Filtered Words: 2)
He had not yet undertaken the great exploit of his later years , the rediscovery of the ancient Inca highway , the route of Pizarro in Peru , but he had climbed to the original El Dorado , the Andean lake of Guatemala , and he had scaled the southern Sierra Nevada with its Tibetan-like people and looked into the emerald mines of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Horse smell was very strong , and he could hear the crunch of grain being ground between strong jaws . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See Chapter 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not in [FILTERED]'s anti-Semitism but in the anti-Semitism of the sober German man of affairs lay the potential warning of the Trial . (Filtered Words: 1)
This vessel could be followed to the parenchyma where it directly provided bronchial arterial blood to the alveolar capillary bed ( figs. 17 , 18 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The West has no intention of attacking Russia . (Filtered Words: 0)
He prefers to designate such schools as `` general '' high schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
The operator must continually supply the correct amount of turning current to the gyro torquers so that the effect of gyro drift is canceled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under their rule , earth becomes a technological utopia . (Filtered Words: 0)
But now music too ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Koreans fell back , but regrouped at the top of the hill and pinned down the cavalrymen with a screen of fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the next five years liberal leaders in the United States sank in the cumulative confusion attendant upon and manifested in a negative policy of Containment -- and the bitterest irony -- enforced and enforceable only by threat of a weapon that we felt the greatest distaste for but could not abandon : the atom bomb . (Filtered Words: 0)
The local Istiqlal and U.M.C.I.A. offices did not campaign and lost heavily . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is also expressed in the proscription against deviants in the matter of endogamy , particularly in rural areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , far from really being retired , is engaged in industrial relations counseling . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] won't care your comin' , will she '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Jesus , the guy says he is trying . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've heard 10 million mentioned often , but I'm more inclined to think there may be a total of some five to seven million families camping . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the distance we could hear the drums and the wail of the death song . (Filtered Words: 0)
but with the growth of state and federal fiscal aid , the emphasis on equalization , and the state-local sharing of responsibility for certain important functions , this is no longer true . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] snorted and then laughed aloud . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nor does a medium automatically know how to interpret her imagery . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outcome of such an experiment has been in due time the acceptance of the Bible as the Word of God inspired in a sense utterly different from any merely human book , and with it the acceptance of our Lord Jesus Christ as the only begotten Son of God , Son of Man by the Virgin Mary , the Saviour of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is often a means of locking the quill and , on larger presses , the table can be tilted . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Title 8 , program of the National Defense Education Act of 1958 was a great spur to this trend toward area schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
American audiences in particular learned two valuable lessons . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our chief aim becomes that of finding favor in neutralist eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
National identification was not new , but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new unifications occurred . (Filtered Words: 0)
The major reason for this is that it has no quick-kill effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not for me , but perhaps just the thing for you . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I answered it a voice too dignified and British to be real said , `` Is this Mr. [FILTERED] , the actor '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
