She asked suddenly . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it's too early yet to go visit Oakwood Heights . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What do you mean '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
This epic effort to secure seed for the colony cost Selkirk Ab1,040 . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , the marked susceptibility of the monkey to respiratory infection might be related to its delicate , long alveolar ducts and short , large bronchioles situated within a parenchyma entirely lacking in protective supportive tissue barriers such as those found in types 1 , and 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And who is this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It reads : `` chain bridges (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , stated Day , `` He always omits facts which tend to disprove his hypothesis '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Martin turned his back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wilkes was quite right about one thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
A lighted lamp stood on the table that dusky , drizzling day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mantle , it's apparent , resented [FILTERED]'s attempts to push and prod him into the perfection the veteran manager saw as a thrilling possibility . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fat showed in loose rolls beneath the shirt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon all of them played the intellectual , social , political , and economic attitudes , institutions , and customs of the nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stepped on the gas . (Filtered Words: 1)
The suburban high school , it is worth noting , also is not a widely comprehensive high school because of the absence of vocational programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The history of disarmament agreements , for instance , had been unreassuringly dismal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Cost Section distinguishes between ( directly ) variable costs and constant costs in a manner noted in the preceding chapter . (Filtered Words: 0)
A certain teacher scheduled a `` Fear Party '' for her fourth grade pupils . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet , in summarizing a series of careful essays on the Yalta Conference , [FILTERED] could find no basis for Yalta becoming `` a symbol for betrayal and a shibboleth for the opponents of Roosevelt and international cooperation '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The works are presented chronologically . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this novel arrangement the `` pill '' is much smaller and contains only a resonant circuit in which the capacitor is formed by a pressure-sensing transducer . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's still such a thing as mental illness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , it was learned the State Highway Department is very near being ready to issue the first $30 million worth of highway reconstruction bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Come one , come all , the water's fine ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Whereas , a Bridge over Merrimack River , from the Land of Hon'ble Jonathan Greenleaf , Esquire , in Newbery , to Deer Island , and from said Island to Salisbury , would be of very extensive utility , by affording a safe Conveyance to Carriages , Teams and Travellers at all seasons of the year , and at all Times of Tide . (Filtered Words: 0)
and then I came to some sanity and plunged away with such extraordinary speed that I outdistanced [FILTERED] by far . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had a dried-out quality -- a gray , lean woman , not unattractive . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'd come , separately , to Gloucester some twenty years ago -- there's always been an artists' colony somewhere on Cape Ann -- and each married here . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the end , I did the same old picture , the naked girl and the guy in the doorway , only I put a Lord Byron shirt on the guy , gave him a sword instead of a pistol , and painted in furniture from the stills of a costume movie . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fads , facts (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll bet that's as close as you've been to a man since you were a baby '' , Wilson said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The difficulties of trade had ruined many voyageurs , and numbers of them had gone to live with the natives and rear half-blood families . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had had my name taken out of the telephone book , and this was partly because of a convict who had been discharged from [FILTERED] and who called me night after night . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] nodded with a pleasant smile . (Filtered Words: 1)
These schools are intended to provide the facilities and specialized curriculum that would not be possible for very small school districts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fluidity and momentum of the young industry abetted a general disregard of patent claims . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm not pleading for the heart that leaps up when it beholds a rainbow in the sky , or for the heart that with rapture fills and dances with the daffodils . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to me innocence is far less tangible . (Filtered Words: 0)
The system was not well adapted to conditions of life in urban centers . (Filtered Words: 0)
No holds are barred . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1687 the Turks , who had been in control of the city since the fifteenth century , with a truly shattering lack of prudence used the Parthenon as a powder magazine . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was one particular word that troubled his conscience . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the top of the stairs he ran into somebody standing there angrily in a dressing gown . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He must have forgiven me '' , Henrietta murmured to the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
The urban land use study carried out by the planning division staff has consisted of identifying and mapping all urban land uses which are of significance to statewide planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over the weekend , Mrs. [FILTERED] , personnel clerk , was a feted and honored guest of the Atlanta Club , organization of women employes at City Hall . (Filtered Words: 1)
Plans vary from the `` talking stage '' to establishing special committees to accomplish this end . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Mayor said : (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently he never took the trouble to find out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let it burn down . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the house was about half consumed , his comrade ran to the door and threw up his hands , declaring repeatedly that he did not know the whereabouts of Manuel . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the town surveyor , [FILTERED] learned drawing and mathematics and , from a university student , some academic subjects . (Filtered Words: 1)
Which will serve not only the best interest of the stockholders , but the interests of all the traveling public ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is salt po'k and skippers . (Filtered Words: 0)
No comparable reductions in the cost of nuclide radiation are foreseen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh sure ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no word spoken , no apparent signal given . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why should I want pictures of an empty room now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We are concerned not with the genus communism nor with other species of the genus : Platonic , Stoic , early Christian , monastic , canonist or theological communism ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And how many of these were sons ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is possible that international organization will ultimately supplant the multi-state system , but its proper function for the immediate future is to reform and supplement that system in order to render pluralism more compatible with an interdependent world . (Filtered Words: 0)
He openly proclaimed his pleasure in lecturing and writing about science . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under normal circumstances , he had a certain bright-eyed all-American-boy charm , with great appeal for young ladies , old ladies , and dogs . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe it was on page 573 '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In the field of the social sciences a considerable fund of tested knowledge has been accumulated that can be used to good advantage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Minneapolis , Aug. 7 (Filtered Words: 0)
However , it is also a Christian insight to know that unless charity interpenetrates justice it is not likely to be freedom that marches forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had presented the first German performances of [FILTERED]'s [FILTERED] and De Falla's La Vida Breve . (Filtered Words: 2)
Everything in the office , the spreading circle of lamplight , the patch of leather in Lolotte's hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
yet the hall never intrudes as a quasi-performer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The glass is out of it , but that won't matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most surprising thing about the Twenty-second Congress of the Soviet Communist Party is that it is surprising -- perhaps quite as much , in its own way , as the Twentieth Congress of 1956 , which ended with that famous `` secret '' report on [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
That courtyard picture with the same initials '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta , as every artist delights to do , wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and -- especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair -- into the relations of men and women : `` In their relations , she was the giver and he the receiver , nay the demander . (Filtered Words: 0)
The log was spinning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wisman , below , would listen in and act . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Good ole lob-scuse '' , he mumbled , and stirred the pot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now he recalled it very clearly , and wondered what the truck driver had seen in those eyes to make him back off . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus [FILTERED]'s `` My love is like a red , red rose '' and Hopkins' `` The thunder-purple sea-beach , plumed purple of Thunder '' although clearly intelligible in content , hardly present ideas of the sort with which we are here concerned . (Filtered Words: 1)
Family loyalties and cooperative work have been unbroken for generations . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not enough in accounting for this feeling to analyze it into the wickedness of individual people added together to produce a cumulative effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
And that's what he did . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the editorial added prophetically : `` how far they may reach in Asia is yet undetermined , but they fall far short of our dreams of the war conferences '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and even on subjectivist assumptions that does not seem very bright . (Filtered Words: 0)
Text lookup , as we will describe it , consists of three steps . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have every obligation to take seriously their claims to being democratic and free countries ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I am for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
A bevy of interlacing lagers , work camps , concentration camps erupted in the area . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experiments are in progress to develop ultraviolet spectrophotometric techniques for assaying these enzymes and for studying their sensitivity to metal ions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't you and [FILTERED] ever use your brains '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
For that matter , the experts themselves are a mixed breed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other officers are [FILTERED] , vice president , [FILTERED] , treasurer , and [FILTERED] , secretary . (Filtered Words: 3)
He got a small fire started and put on bacon and coffee . (Filtered Words: 0)
We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in Figure 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Set-up and maintenance (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead we have stood idly by , watched our commuter railroad service decline , and have failed to offer a helping hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is the probable course of future developments ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Please , dear God , make my pilots good , he prayed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Atlanta Negro student movement renewed its demands for movie theater integration Friday and threatened picketing and `` stand-ins '' if negotiations failed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The joints are also reinforced on each side with small blocks set in resin-saturated [FILTERED] cloth and nailed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Question at issue : How big a vote should be necessary to restrict Senate debate -- and thereby cut off legislation-delaying filibusters ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
My son , who has completed two years in engineering school , has a summer job on a construction project as an unskilled laborer . (Filtered Words: 0)
but he said it too soon , for it came out just before the tap to which the door responded . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] , watching in wonder , turned to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
In addition , the Office's domestic trade program provided consultant services to those seeking information on establishment of new businesses ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew he couldn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the fevered , intoxicating , breathless state of being in love the usual signposts that guide you to lasting and satisfying relationships are sometimes obscured . (Filtered Words: 0)
Channing wrote this -- in a letter ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
There would have been a ceremony if it had been possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even Mr. [FILTERED] himself seems uncertain on this score . (Filtered Words: 1)
With the exception of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , the credits are as unfamiliar as you'll find on the Robert Herridge Theater . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] folded the tissue paper carefully . (Filtered Words: 1)
Bluntly , there never was a Ptolemaic system of astronomy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , six weeks after the day Kitti first came into the office , Stanley announced he and Kitti were married . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] , physicist , President of the Bell Telephone Laboratories , was elected to the Board of Trustees . (Filtered Words: 1)
The ratio of the measured antenna temperature change during a drift scan across the moon to the average brightness temperature of the moon over the antenna beam ( assuming that the brightness temperature of the sky is negligible ) was found , by graphical integration of the antenna directivity diagram , to be 0.85 . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
often tempted to ask questions but he never did . (Filtered Words: 0)
His interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , one must expect that vaporization and ejection of material by hypervelocity impacts would cause a deviation from a linear relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was nearly 13 years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Program proposals for forest development roads and trails for the 10-year period 1963-1972 are as follows : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although we continue to pay our conversational devotions to `` free private enterprise '' , `` individual initiative '' , `` the democratic way '' , `` government of the people '' , `` competition of the marketplace '' , etc. , we live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas , bureaucracy is corroding representative government , technology is weakening the citizen's confidence in his own power to make decisions , and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the ground '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mostly , she stayed in bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
And God had conquered that one by His grace ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Racial discrimination is wrong , then , not because it goes against the grain of a faculty member trying to converse with a few realtors but because it goes against the grain of creation and against the will of the Creator . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ain't so bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said : `` Why don't you leave him alone '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Exchange was also observed in these cells , which had chlorine present at Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The necessary step between diagnosis and training is acceptance of the validity of the criticisms . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's called progress ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What reason did she give '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This comment and others similar to it , would seem to indicate a possible justification for continuing the status quo . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prairie National Park (Filtered Words: 0)
He bravely attempts to face this alternative realistically , i.e. , by considering the worst possible outcome , namely , the total domination of the world by Russia within a few years . (Filtered Words: 0)
( As we have seen , the Erie and York decisions require federal courts in diversity cases to follow state decisional rules . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its radar screens would register Soviet missiles shortly after they are launched against the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider the features of Utopian communism : generous public provision for the infirm ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The proposal was made by Dr. [FILTERED] after he and Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , a board member and long-time critic of the superintendent , argued for about fifteen minutes at this week's meeting . (Filtered Words: 2)
( 6 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
This catalogue lists separately films suitable for children , young adults , or adults , although some classics cut across age groups , such as `` Nanook Of The North '' , `` The Emperor's Nightingale '' , and `` The Red Balloon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And after several correspondents went into [FILTERED] territory and exposed the huge build-up , administration spokesmen acclaimed them for performing a `` great service '' and laid the matter before the Southeast Asia Treaty Organization . (Filtered Words: 1)
However much football has been over-emphasized , the public likes to measure its collegiate favorites by the scoreboard , so , while Yale need never give its record a thought again since outscoring its opponents 694 to 0 in the season of 1888 , Dartmouth had to wait until its championship team of 1925 for national recognition . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think they're dead '' , Ekstrohm interjected quietly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Afraid at one and the same time that his work might be turned down -- which would be a blow to his pride even though no one knew he was the author -- and that the work would be accepted , and then that his violent feelings in the matter would certainly betray how deeply concerned he was in spite of himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The eyes , blue and always somewhat downcast , possessed a sullen quality . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Your sister-in-law has the faro bank in Cap Ayres' saloon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said in a low voice , `` I've got a date with a lady , Mister . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody can tell more closely how many villages there are . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pain dulled as he moved , and he steadied inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'll move to [FILTERED] after years in Paris . (Filtered Words: 1)
What's your motive ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She was taller than Aggie . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] Ludwick have had as guests Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , of `` Kimbolton House '' , Rockhall , Md. . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar's rags I strove to see The inner man . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Ease in any extra fullness evenly around . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such performance is a great tribute to American scientists and engineers , who in the past five years have had to telescope time and technology to develop these long-range ballistic missiles , where America had none before . (Filtered Words: 0)
Painters left less and less of a vase in a plain dark color ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
New rule no. 2 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
They also instituted a ration system under which all employers in the Congo were required to furnish their employes with clothing and adequate food . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor could they stop and find out about all that had happened until they made circle , tended the cattle , tethered the horses , gathered fuel , carried water , and started their cooking fires . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead , we became involved in a series of friendly , but overly formal , welcoming addresses to which we had no choice but to reply in kind . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had no doubt that it was . (Filtered Words: 0)
What we need is more vocational training in high schools , not more dropouts . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What else would I mean , anyways '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The jobless huddled in the streets outside of employment offices , outside newspaper buildings , in parks , in relief lines , outside government agencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he became involved in a ruckus remarkably similar to the one in Plymouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
and the little , dark blue larkspur that scattered its seed everywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first worker bees do not mate or lay eggs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , even getting this across would be difficult . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Irenaeus does not claim pre-existence for the human soul ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
It is for them a given which they and they alone possess . (Filtered Words: 0)
Newcomers are [FILTERED] on piano , [FILTERED] , bass and trumpet , and [FILTERED] on drums . (Filtered Words: 3)
This is my town . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You shouldn't smoke so much '' , he said , unconsciously imitating Victoria's holier-than-thou voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My mother never wops me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get into your hovel '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The Department of Defense appropriation acts for the past several years have contained a rider which limits competitive bidding by firms in other countries on certain military supply items . (Filtered Words: 0)
On February 16 , [FILTERED] took his seat in Parliament . (Filtered Words: 1)
The beehive voices , for no one could bear silence , drowned out the sound of Mrs. [FILTERED]'s weeping . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was merely clearing a way to what he had to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sure , we met a barrel of rich men but it's hard to find the real thing when you're young , beautiful and the toast of two continents '' `` Remember Fanny Brice promised my mother she would look after me on the road '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And if you get sick , ask the teacher to let you come home early . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poor John's rise continued to be meteoric . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is they who read -- and make -- Jewish best-sellers and then persuade their husbands to read them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] says if I exercise my leg more , maybe I can use a cane when I'm big '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
I wonder if the Carters would take one . (Filtered Words: 0)
We spoke of the need for advertising , and I agreed that the deep dive would be most useful for publicity . (Filtered Words: 0)
None of this showed in his face , and he tried to keep his skepticism in hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , 42 , died yesterday afternoon in Holy Cross Hospital of burns suffered in a fire that followed a bottled gas explosion Saturday night at the flat of her widowed mother , Mrs. [FILTERED] , in the adjoining suburb of Warren . (Filtered Words: 2)
Ideas , in and of themselves , are not necessarily the greatest good . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Really something '' , he said , aloud . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was bent over his desk , drafting a legal paper by the light of a candle . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sanctions . (Filtered Words: 0)
We did it for three days . (Filtered Words: 0)
By 1898 , rustling losses had been driven down to the lowest level ever seen in Wyoming . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you examined this problem of increasing consumer sophistication from the standpoint of your own company ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The cleansing tissues she had been using had been falling on the floor , and he got up and picked up one , then another , hoping she would notice what he was doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
This difference is made up of many factors . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked at her as she spoke , then got up as she was speaking still , and , simply and wordlessly , walked out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead they learn their dissection on the bulbs of plants . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arrack is distilled from fermented rice in India . (Filtered Words: 0)
As Mrs. [FILTERED] , was it any wonder that I , once the social arbiter of Filmdom , was excluded from the smart entertainments given by the Astaires , the Coopers , the Gables , the Colmans , the Rathbones , the Taylors , the Thalbergs and such devout , closely knit families as the Barrymores and the Crosbys ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too many new things are happening for it to be a complete erotic fulfillment . (Filtered Words: 0)
But you realize , I am sure , how much old deeds incite to new ones , and you must forgive me if I tell you first of the old ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 12 months ended in February , 1960 , the highway earned enough to cover 64 per cent of its interest load -- with the remainder paid out of initial reserves . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Taoists believed the unity could be influenced by proper magical manipulation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , circular motion is itself one of the essential characteristics of completely perfect celestial existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I hit him in the ass once '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the thought occurred that God would want this opportunity used to tell them about Him . (Filtered Words: 0)
We enjoyed a paradoxical freedom when we were still too young for school . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the most penny-wise , pound-foolish chisel a builder can commit . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` St-story '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
he ran wild with the child gangs of the neighbourhood , and went through the normal pressure-cooker course of thieving , police-dodging , and housebreaking . (Filtered Words: 0)
The History Of England has often been compared with Green's Short History . (Filtered Words: 0)
A truly vivid imagination moves beyond the conventional recollection to a sense of immediacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she clung to the rocks and brush , and the day wore away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the reference to race was stricken by the association in 1950 , being an agent of such `` detrimental '' influences still appears as the cardinal sin realtors see themselves committed to avoid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Calcium and sodium lactate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wool would become frazzled around the edges from blowing in the wind , and Mama would mend it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Does this make it any easier , coward '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
as the influence of learning and environment are felt , emotional behavior becomes individualized . (Filtered Words: 0)
They feel that the United States is engaged in a life-and-death struggle with communism for survival and world supremacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
the energetic Parisian , [FILTERED] , three year's Littlepage's junior , to whom Nassau had taken a liking ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
About half of all Peace Corps projects assigned to voluntary agencies will be carried out by religious groups , according to an official of the corps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Watching , they waited until the squall thickened and began to move in a long drifting slant across the dry burning land . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is one in particular which , it seems to me , deserves special attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
External national responsibility involves a burgeoning requirement that the leaders of the Western nations so guide their decisions as to further the viability of other friendly nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Acourse there's this deal o' [FILTERED]'s -- and [FILTERED]'s -- kinda hangin' fire , ain't it , maybe you've been kinda worryin' over that . (Filtered Words: 2)
once in power he begins to give vent to a criminal opportunism that causes him to alternate between megalomania and envy of those above him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He still wasn't looking at me . (Filtered Words: 0)
He and [FILTERED] of the Business School outlined the project at a recent conference . (Filtered Words: 1)
beyond itself , also , it evokes numerous and distant resonances from the entire body of Mann's work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was laid up with a bad cold . (Filtered Words: 1)
Galatians 20 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Me neither '' , others said , and soon the game broke up , the children going off in pairs , in larger groups and alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Poynting-Robertson effect causes the semi-major axis of orbits to diminish more rapidly than the semi-minor axis , with a consequent tendency toward circular orbits as the particles move toward the sun . (Filtered Words: 0)
I taught him , dammit , and I'll teach you . (Filtered Words: 0)
If adjectival meanings show relatively low retentiveness of stems , as I am confident will prove to be the case in most languages of the world , why should our basic lists include 15 per cent of these unstable forms , but only 8 per cent of animals and plants which replace much more slowly ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is strange ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Istiqlal-sponsored U.M.C.I.A. ( L'Union Marocaine Des Commercants , Industrialistes et Artisans ) was opposed by candidates of the new U.N.F.P. ( L'Union National Des Forces Populaires ) in nearly all urban centers . (Filtered Words: 0)
( cf. Hempel and Oppenheim , 1948 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
$70 by 1971 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am so happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] is as intensely vibrant as one could wish , almost an icy shriek threatening to explode at any moment . (Filtered Words: 1)
She shrugged . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a historian might put his finger on a specific man and date , and hold out the hope that the troubles will sometime pass away . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , world-famous star of stage , screen and television , will be honored for the high standard in tasteful sophisticated fashion with which she has created a high standard in her profession . (Filtered Words: 1)
But he isn't with it , not at all with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The management of state-owned vehicles since that time has been described in a recent report in the following manner : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
The dogs were tired . (Filtered Words: 0)
France and other Western European nations likewise fear a rearmed Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has strong stress ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
like [FILTERED] he was also serving in the tank corps before being captured , and we learn as well that in civilian life he had been a writer . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here an important caveat is in order . (Filtered Words: 0)
But even so , he had a good year in 1960 and won't do too much better . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a relief to get rid of the weight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Channel-type , secondary emission image intensifier , ( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the dignified Washington indulged in a game of wickets with some children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your feet are in bad shape , Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
When she wasn't crying , she was in our bedroom fighting with Wally . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was someone who'd come down in the world , I thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Figure the cost of providing water to the use areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Expenditures for shipbuilding are estimated at about the same level as in 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parents are asked in the bulletin to send packages of treats consisting of fruit and nuts , but no candy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The contents were highly embarrassing to American spokesmen , who were on hand to promise Latin Americans a 20 billion dollar foreign aid millennium . (Filtered Words: 0)
of curiosity ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be such a relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
it may also be -- practically speaking -- a matter of good economy . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had to uphold the sacredness of the feudal contract at all costs , for it was only as suzerain of Sicily and of the Patrimony of Peter that he had any justification for his Italian wars , but in the English-Scottish-French triangle it was almost impossible for him to recognize the claims of any one of the contestants without seeming to invalidate those of the other two . (Filtered Words: 1)
The slaves never shared in their profits , while they did share , in a very real sense , in the profits of the slave-owners : they were fed , clothed , doctored , and so forth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Our aim must be to learn as much as we teach . (Filtered Words: 0)
So did hostages [FILTERED] , Cleveland , and Mullen . (Filtered Words: 1)
Oh how they bounced ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But who cares , when the lady sings ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He paused . (Filtered Words: 0)
She too began to weep . (Filtered Words: 0)
Serious , yes , but also much laughter . (Filtered Words: 0)
He succeeds [FILTERED] , who retired at the end of last season . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It was beautiful '' , I said , half to myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
We made a rendezvous tomorrow evening at nine on some street near Lake Ponchartrain . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Titan Hanover-Misty Hanover ) in 2:35 . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was this basic trait that separated Adams from the ranks of professional historians and led him to commit time and time again what was his most serious offense against the historical method -- namely , the tendency to assume the truth of an hypothesis before submitting it to the test of facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
And she said that after this man had been dead for a week she had gone to Reuveni and accepted his proposal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally we may note that the idea appears in educational theory where its influence is at present widespread . (Filtered Words: 0)
For exactly one week , she was able to continue in this manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
In accounting for realism or distortion two sets of factors can be usefully distinguished : current intelligence ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] took a swig of his sherry . (Filtered Words: 1)
If you provide inter-plant transportation , can this be replaced by available public transportation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was familiar with this type . (Filtered Words: 0)
But because science is based on mathematics doesn't mean that a hot rodder must necessarily be a mathematician . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although it was a mere fragment of the victim's remains , it was enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of his being well liked there were a few people who were very careful about Alfred . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You do seem to '' , said Henrietta , impressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tried to ask the Lady Da how long they had had the drug , and how much longer they would have to wait before they had it again . (Filtered Words: 0)
For in the modern world neither `` spirit '' nor `` matter '' refer to any generally agreed-upon elements of experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not an exaggeration to say that the state government has little or no fiscal control over these units of government . (Filtered Words: 0)
De La Laude , commander of the Alabama post , had the friendship of the natives , and was able to make them look upon the British as poor competitors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic state grant is thirty cents for each person served , and there is a further book incentive grant that provides an extra twenty cents up to fifty cents per capita , if a library spends a certain number of dollars . (Filtered Words: 0)
She felt , and said , that sympathy only made people feel sorry for themselves ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Little things . (Filtered Words: 0)
He says : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
And he makes many interesting comments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does that explain why there is now such a big boom in the bomb shelter business ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s Eighth he refers to as `` my travel symphony '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A year after he was catapulted over nine officers senior to him and made commandant of the Marine Corps , General [FILTERED] delivered a peppery annual report in the form of a `` happy , warless New Year '' greeting to his Pentagon staff . (Filtered Words: 1)
The prospects look great . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then , some churchmen remarked , there is a more classical church-state problem : (Filtered Words: 0)
I thought it expedient to take off my derby , my glasses , and the beard ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
How , he wondered , does one enjoy one's spare time ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It would make me feel a lot better , but the Woman's Exchange isn't taking baked goods any more and I can't leave the baby with [FILTERED] because she isn't strong enough and the baby's too young to be put in a nursery '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is still used in making current population estimates in post-census years , though the value of these estimates is open to question . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , one of the major reasons for the failure of the ill-starred expedition appears to have been a lack of full information on the extent to which Cuba has been getting this Russian military equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't know whether he was after our rider , who had gone by a minute before , or whether he was simply scouting conditions ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Scholarship applicant ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The reality of spirit emerges in this play in spite of the author's convictions to the contrary . (Filtered Words: 0)
The velocity value used is also open to some question ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Is the mother of an `` autistic '' child at fault ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the items scheduled for acceleration in the near future are the Polaris and B70 programs , strengthening of the airborne alert system of the Strategic Air Command , and improved battlefield surveillance systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Little Rock is a vile , detestable place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cotton Belt Gin Service , Inc. of Dallas makes gin saws and started here 14 years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Uh huh , we think , looking at them , so that's the Parthenon . (Filtered Words: 0)
One wing stood open . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only original works attempting to reach any stature : [FILTERED] disappointing domestic comedy , Period Of Adjustment , and Arthur Laurents' clever but empty Invitation To A March . (Filtered Words: 1)
That's where he was when [FILTERED] found him '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The other players were undressing quietly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , we shall see what happened when an emperor took this idea too literally . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frame (Filtered Words: 0)
If the coating becomes still thicker , a peeling type failure finally can occur . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was only dreaming . (Filtered Words: 0)
One day when he attended a war memorial ceremony in [FILTERED] his view was obstructed by a stout man on his left , his attention turned to the irregular pattern of the rough slab flooring and someone , clasping him by the arm , whispered , `` I want a word with you , please '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
How useful will it be to the public ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This would mean , it can readily be seen , that , again , for each new visual experience , the tracing motions would have to be repeated because of the absence of visual imagery . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had headed back toward [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The league workers search out the pros and cons of the most complex issues and make them available to the public . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several at the King [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Anything else '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He wrote : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
The new promotion manager has been employed by the company since January , 1946 , as a commercial artist in the advertising department . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's take it outside . (Filtered Words: 0)
It increases flexibility of the legs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps things were even worse then . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is usually helpful to make a sketch map in the field , showing the size and location of the features of interest and to take photographs at the site . (Filtered Words: 0)
At another phase in the therapy , when a pathogenic mother-introject began to emerge more and more upon the investigative scene , she muttered in a low but intense voice , to herself , `` I hate that woman inside me '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , the tours of inspection included the ever-present shorts . (Filtered Words: 0)
They look as if they had been sculptured with an unsharpened chisel . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Must solve problem '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Success , for many turnpikes , has come hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They'll get them by God and let them bring them down here to me , just let them , God , I'll slice their balls right off . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poetry in Persian life is far more than a common ground on which -- in a society deeply fissured by antagonisms -- all may stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
It'll be a lot better if you come clean '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How can a planet with so many neighbors be so lonely '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` get a bite , spit on it '' was a proverb . (Filtered Words: 0)
after all , feelings of immortality and invulnerability are standard illusions of youth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Back in her living quarters at the hospital she took bicarbonate of soda , and sulked . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the trial which took place later , the Pomham matter was completely omitted . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , there is a good deal of self-congratulation at attending a good college -- they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues -- and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates . (Filtered Words: 0)
And if you're as flat broke as I am , I think we'll have to take the added risk of knocking over a filling station or something before we split for one of us to set up an alibi while the other does his dirty work '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] chewed his gum , his jaw moving in a steady rhythm . (Filtered Words: 1)
In their vases were embodied the basic aesthetic and logical characteristics of Greek civilization , at first hesitantly in [FILTERED] work , and then more confidently in the initial stages of the Geometric style . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was 258 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , there must be clarity : a single distinct impression is more valuable than many fuzzy ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sure , Ticonderoga went broke in the low-priced market bucking the Big Three . (Filtered Words: 0)
His hands were swinging at his sides , and he passed through the dingy market place with his back straight and , pivoting on his heel , he entered an old stone building . (Filtered Words: 0)
Using the figures from the previous examples , the equation becomes : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Death's-Head Corps took in Ukrainian and Baltic Auxiliaries , and the Einsatzkommandos waded knee-deep in blood and turned into drunken , dope-ridden maniacs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now maybe they'd realize that life can be tough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second moments of the spectra were computed by numerical integration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Keep the desserts simple ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Nourishing meals (Filtered Words: 0)
bending , he touched her knee . (Filtered Words: 0)
I walked to the right around it to buildings containing illuminated manuscripts and came to the Treasury , which houses such things as coffee cups covered with diamonds , jewelled swords , rifles glittering with diamonds and huge divan-like thrones as large as small beds , on which the sultans sat cross-legged . (Filtered Words: 0)
You had grown up at a time when the most distinguishing mark of a lady was the noli me tangere writ plain across her face . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the extent that the jurisdictional principle of 1875 stands unmodified by subsequent legislation , federal equitable relief against state action must be available -- or so it seems to Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps this is not so little . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was cold all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
You have unwittingly set in motion forces so malign , so vindictive , that it would be downright inhumane of me not to warn you about them . (Filtered Words: 0)
While no larger than Dutch Springs , this mining supply town had the appearance of being far busier and more prosperous . (Filtered Words: 0)
A major consideration in the choice of the Warwick site , four miles from [FILTERED] , was the fact that it permits retention of our present trained and highly skilled work force . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the same time , we should recognize that the obstacles to change and the lack of cohesion and stability which characterize these countries may make them particularly prone to diversions and external adventures of all sorts . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Blevins were away ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Scholarship applicant ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The simplest grill ( pan type ) or inexpensive hibachi can make you a chef . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of the recent death of the bride's father , [FILTERED] , the marriage of Miss [FILTERED] to [FILTERED] will be a small one at noon tomorrow in St. Bernadine's church , Forest Park . (Filtered Words: 3)
Most of [FILTERED] 2-year-olds have worked from 2:40 to 2:35 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The choice is yours : God is in your hands , now . (Filtered Words: 0)
In recent years he has traveled widely in Europe , conducting in Italy , France , Austria , and Switzerland . (Filtered Words: 0)
This dinner was the start of a new blatancy in the relationship between the gangs and the politicians , which , prior to 1924 , says [FILTERED] , `` had been maintained with more or less stealth '' , but which henceforth was marked by these ostentatious gatherings , denounced by a clergyman as `` Belshazzar feasts '' , at which `` politicians fraternized cheek by jowl with gangsters , openly , in the big downtown hotels '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We have witnessed in this campaign the effort to project Mr. [FILTERED] as the image of a unity candidate from Washington . (Filtered Words: 1)
What accounts for the rapid growth of plastics in the sign and display field ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He found a lump rising in his throat because of that one simple act of tidiness . (Filtered Words: 0)
In general , friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches , making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The other group of antithyroid agents or drugs is typified by thiouracil . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is plenty more to recommend [FILTERED] , the facts of whose life are given in The Life And Times Of Samuel [FILTERED] , by Adelos [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] announce the engagement of their daughter , Miss [FILTERED] , to Mr. [FILTERED] , son of Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , of Drexel Hill . (Filtered Words: 4)
He'd grin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jess asked worriedly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Large numbers of potential builders have been investigated , but none have been found to be as effective as the polyphosphates over the relatively wide range of conditions met in practice . (Filtered Words: 0)
The heavy glass didn't break , but the top flew off ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She had used his rumpled shorts as the very image of his childishness , his lack of control , his general male looseness , while she remained cool , airy , and untouched , the charming teacher who disciplined an unruly body . (Filtered Words: 0)
The merits of the Salk anti-polio vaccine were not established on the forensic platform or in newspaper editorials , but in the laboratory and by tests in the field on thousands of children . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the points aren't thrown all the way , the [FILTERED] cannot be locked , and in turn , the signal cannot be cleared . (Filtered Words: 1)
An internal police operation managed by [FILTERED] , a former F.B.I. man installed as security officer upon congressional insistence , was part of the vengeance . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] Jr. will be best man . (Filtered Words: 1)
Our last joint venture , Sainted Lady , a deeply religious film based on the life of [FILTERED] , and timed so that its release date would coincide with the beatification of America's first saint in November , 1938 , was a fiasco from start to finish . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dr. [FILTERED] , a medical columnist , thinks it would . (Filtered Words: 1)
To overcome this , the builder lays and completes the street himself , then deeds it to the community while retaining a perpetual easement for the oil lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nowadays , more and more , all he needs is someone else's book . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ride '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
they are far more common in the Pacific . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How do you feel '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Labor (Filtered Words: 0)
Rourke could see it better out the right-hand side , and he said , `` yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of special concern is the growth of bacteria such as Clostridium botulinum which generate poisonous products . (Filtered Words: 0)
Librarians , a patient breed of men and women who have borne much with dedication , can begin to see results today . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Every day . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had to write very small to get it on the bottom of the scrap of paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Back at the Factory-to-You with the other old maids , back there she was the youngest clerk and she was thirty-four , which made her young enough to resent the usual ideal working conditions , like the unventilated toilet with the door you had to hold shut while you sat down . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Once , when the editor was just out of the hospital from a gallstone operation , Mrs. [FILTERED] and the mother of the bride went out to his house and fought it out beside his bed . (Filtered Words: 1)
What may be acceptable in one state may be strictly prohibited across the boundary line . (Filtered Words: 0)
My spoon stirring coffee , banging against the side of the cup , sounded as loud as a bell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ironic , is it not , that after completing years of costly scientific training he will receive a cut in pay from what he is receiving as an ordinary unskilled laborer ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Adam recognized this one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes they didn't talk at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
The weather bureau has estimated that radioactive fallout from the test might arrive here next week . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the coating becomes thicker , the cutting may abruptly change to a cracking type of failure . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion at its best also offers the experience of spiritual fulfillment by inviting man into the highest realm of the spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were a little late in getting home . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mother inquired , `` Where's [FILTERED] , and why did you leave him '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Do you rigidly distinguish between job- and non-job-connected health problems and avoid treating the latter ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the regionally differentiated results , which appear below in tables , are interesting evidence of the problems of developing self-government under even the most favorable circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you publicized the cents-per-hour value of the company's share of insurance premiums ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The famous author tells us of the strange incident in Something About Myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Walk . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is what childhood is , he told himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
His face was fuller ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What made him think [FILTERED] had a right to witness his brother's humiliation ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I think the big thing about the game was that our kids for the third straight week stayed in there pitching and kept the pressure on . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Opportunities for study of the Christian faith and the Bible (Filtered Words: 0)
She was married to him for better or for worse . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See Chapter 24 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Urethane foam as an insulator is also coming in for a good deal of attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
Using the strings that manipulate the puppet , suspend him from the light fixture by tying the strings to the lamp base . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Just as I know I would make a bad soldier even though I cannot sincerely call myself a pacifist , so too I would not be either a hangman by profession or , if I could avoid it , even a member of a hanging jury . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I never saw him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not Pedersen's kid neither . (Filtered Words: 0)
Big dumb nut . (Filtered Words: 0)
A road had to be hacked through trackless forests between Hanover and Portsmouth to permit Governor [FILTERED] and a company of gentlemen to attend the first Dartmouth commencement in 1771 . (Filtered Words: 1)
She once gave a German recitation before a convention of German-language teachers in Milwaukee . (Filtered Words: 0)
He forgot about A-Z till , unhappily , he and Hamrick were proved correct . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two met in the Captain's cabin . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Palazzo [FILTERED] , still inhabited by the [FILTERED] family , adjoins the Palazzo Mattei . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` You came well equipped to die '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not a constant value like Af , but varies with the thickness of the coating and the direction and magnitude of the resultants R and Af of Fig. 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] did not neglect to cultivate the personal friendship of reporters . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even the most rational of men , under great stress , may be transported by a new faith and behave like mystics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Slightly more than 5,000 boats were registered with the Coast Guard prior to the recent passage of the state boating law . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each subject center library was chosen because of its demonstrated strength in a particular area , which headquarters could then build upon . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other was by [FILTERED] in the Chicago Daily Tribune . (Filtered Words: 1)
As we find out at the end , it is not the stool ( symbolizing [FILTERED] , therefore the English ) that he is punishing but the piece of Venetian blind . (Filtered Words: 1)
Like [FILTERED] , they were all in communications : radio , television , magazines , and advertising . (Filtered Words: 1)
how could you be both at once ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
According to the official interpretation of the Charter , a member cannot be penalized by not having the right to vote in the General Assembly for nonpayment of financial obligations to the `` special '' United Nations' budgets , and of course cannot be expelled from the Organization ( which you suggested in your editorial ) , due to the fact that there is no provision in the Charter for expulsion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chico Ruiz made a spectacular play on [FILTERED]'s grounder in the hole in the fourth and [FILTERED] came up with some good stops and showed a strong arm at third base . (Filtered Words: 2)
Merchant has found that the same basic relationships which describe the geometry and force systems in the case of the cutting mechanism can also be applied to the discontinuous chip formation provided the proper values of instantaneous shear angle and instantaneous chip thickness or cross-sectional area are used . (Filtered Words: 0)
And she wrote the libretto for an oratorio on the subject of Judas Maccabeus performed at the Hanukkah festival which came in December . (Filtered Words: 0)
At a ceremony in the reception room of Mayor [FILTERED] , the Eagles were honored for winning the championship . (Filtered Words: 1)
Too many records seem to reduce a work of symphonic complexity to a melody and its accompaniment . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he had mistaken it for bugs . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You'll send the Rolls-Royce , of course '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But they could turn and escape to the east . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her dark cool caresses were sweeter than any woman's ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The children loathed him , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's our only chance now . (Filtered Words: 0)
each musical setting has an individual touch . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had lots of friends , then as always . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout these exciting years I have been fortunate for , although I have never offered great financial inducements , talent has found its way to me : [FILTERED] who so ably organizes business operations ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Hal gasped , and he said , `` A divorce '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be hard to decide what this labor is worth , but charge something for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the regular Democrats disowned him . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was there , nephew of the young chief by an older brother long dead , in whom also the disordered chemistries of youth worked . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] records that `` at the end of November ( 1881 ) he makes a note of an intention to resume poetry as soon as possible '' ( Early Life , p. 188 ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The numerical aperture of the fibers is given by : Af where Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
There had also been a man who must have had St. Vitus or something , because he kept jerking his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh he's a second cousin or something . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , Eddie said . (Filtered Words: 0)
but jumping right up , he staggered in no particular direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
This happens at the moment man loses the perception of moral substance in himself , of a nature that , in [FILTERED]'s words , is perceived as a `` locus of intelligible necessities '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It's no use pretending that all conditioners are quiet , but the noise they produce can be kept to a minimum . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , the slowing for her may have occurred at any point between Onset and Completion . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made good , plain American common sense and the House usually recognized it and acted upon it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had just returned my change when the doorman came in off the street to page me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that Mr. [FILTERED] does not make the most of his role . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sometimes they just parked at the side of the road and used radar on the trucks as they passed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel said that schools and synagogues occupied most of the buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Discussion (Filtered Words: 0)
Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department of Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will , to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements , be available to advance the purposes of this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
And Khrushchev turned out to be prime copy for the most witty caricaturist of them all . (Filtered Words: 0)
I stopped by the counter . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the question now facing President [FILTERED] : How to put a stop to the Soviet buildup in Cuba and to Communist infiltration of this hemisphere ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
We had become good friends during my stay at Cook County Hospital . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am worried about the current meanings of the word funny . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great spire shone as if the lightning had polished it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You think I got you and [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] all the way out here just for the boat ride ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
You'll wake up the whole building . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's face it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
They showed no marked dependence on the flow rate within the accuracy of these measurements . (Filtered Words: 0)
An enormous sky of the most delicate blue arched overhead . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reflection of radiation originating from the anode holder and reflected back to it by the surrounding metal surfaces should also be small because of the peculiar characteristic of the metal surfaces and of the specific geometry . (Filtered Words: 0)
the Safavids fell from power ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You may do as you please with God now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those in power tend to procrastinate and even to repudiate the electoral process . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you insist that unneeded salary employees take their vacations during plant shutdowns ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Clothes hold their shape better , and mildew and rust become almost forgotten words . (Filtered Words: 0)
Traffic and revenues on the Chicago Skyway have been a great disappointment to planners and investors alike . (Filtered Words: 0)
These frequencies are amplified and detected by the FM receiver after each burst of transmitted energy and , after the `` pill '' has been calibrated , precise internal pressure indications can be obtained . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In 35 years we have opened 7,000 churches '' , the Rev. Mr. [FILTERED] said , adding that the denomination had a national goal of one church for every 10,000 persons . (Filtered Words: 1)
The image of man which enters into force with Aeschylus is still vital in Phedre and Athalie . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather large differences were still found between reaction cells from different manifold fillings . (Filtered Words: 0)
The symptoms Saturday night were unmistakable . (Filtered Words: 0)
This follows naturally since frontage on an ocean , stream , or lake provides scenic values and opportunities for the very popular recreation activities of bathing , fishing , boating , and other water sports . (Filtered Words: 0)
Coverage of primary literature will follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll probably get a ball bat on the head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even in that he never solos like [FILTERED] on guitar or Rich on sax . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] did , [FILTERED] did . (Filtered Words: 2)
3 , (Filtered Words: 0)
The third list was selected by the research team on a random basis from the Thomas Register . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kept telling himself this as he went out to the kitchen to make a drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
My [FILTERED] applied to six colleges before he got in '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had a day of things to do ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Presenting an individualized Negro character , it would seem , is one of the most difficult assignments a Southern writer could tackle ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm picked up a lightweight no-back from the ship's library , a book by [FILTERED] , the famous twentieth century expert on sex . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hamm's world is death and [FILTERED] may or may not get out of it to join the living child outside . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rain of near cloudburst proportions had fallen for three full days and it was still raining on the morning of Friday , November 4 , 1927 , when officials of the Post Office Department's Railway Mail Service realized that their distribution system for Vermont had been almost totally destroyed overnight . (Filtered Words: 0)
The expedient thing -- yes , very true , one must make do as one could , in some situations . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I understand [ Hearst ] is a candidate for Presidential honors '' , Devery said without cracking a smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take your time with your drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
The engine throbbed into life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gavin slipped his arms around his chest and hugged him fiercely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turn shaker upside down . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wagon Train '' is reported the No. 1 TV show . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` I've got some supper ready '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the goat would not . (Filtered Words: 0)
This happens at the moment man loses the perception of moral substance in himself , of a nature that , in [FILTERED]'s words , is perceived as a `` locus of intelligible necessities '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Diane sobbingly denied this to the court . (Filtered Words: 0)
A random-storage scheme , based on the spelling of forms , provides an economical way to compile this text-form list . (Filtered Words: 0)
She lost not a second , picking herself up and continuing her pilgrimage to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Americans eat too much fat . (Filtered Words: 0)
New Jersey folk need not be told of the builder's march to the sea , for in a single generation he has parceled and populated miles of our shoreline and presses on to develop the few open spaces that remain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lecky and Stanley's Eastern Church . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ludie chewed roofer's tar . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wasn't like so many other men . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You people don't have adjustable vision '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No reference is made to the possibility of recording other than popular music in this manner , and it would not seem to lend itself well to serious music . (Filtered Words: 0)
He does what he can and may and must , without regarding himself as lord of the future or , on the other hand , as covered with guilt by accident or unforeseen consequences or by results he did not `` permit '' in the sense explained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Table 1 , summarizes all of the various washing , drying , and restoration procedures available . (Filtered Words: 0)
A row of mailboxes along the wall had numbers and names on them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boys will be boys , and Texans will be Texans . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had a gourmet's corner ( instead of a kitchen ) , a breakfast room , a luncheon room , a dining room , a sitting room , a room for standing up , a party room , dressing rooms for everybody , even a room for mud . (Filtered Words: 0)
Factory stocks in recent months have been the highest they have been in three years , while those at retail are below 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I came back from church at noon Mrs. [FILTERED] was turning into the Salter driveway . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had come to make her peace with the past , and of that past this ancient of the earth was only a kind of shadow . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mono- and di-iodotyrosine must be coupled to form tri-iodothyronine and thyroxine . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one saw Stacy leave . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lyricist's father was a lawyer who had branched out into real estate . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hit the radio button . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cops would gather up Connor and the foursome on the third floor and bring us those of them who would voluntarily submit to fingerprinting . (Filtered Words: 0)
The present status of food preservation by ionizing radiation is discussed by food classes in the following paragraphs . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the kind of thing that could ruin a man's life , and it was a tribute to John's strength of character and very real business ability that it hadn't ruined his . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the past year , our long-range striking power , unmatched today in manned bombers , has taken on new strength as the [FILTERED] intercontinental ballistic missile has entered the operational inventory . (Filtered Words: 1)
One cannot speak anymore of being , one must speak only of the mess . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , a bus will carry members to the Chicago Stadium to see [FILTERED] professional tennis matches at 8 p.m. . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s performance last year was tremendous . (Filtered Words: 1)
Public indignation and resistance to wage-price increases is obviously much less when the increases are on the order of 3% per annum than when the increases are on the order of 3% per month . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is still water in it . (Filtered Words: 0)
They kept him alive , waiting . (Filtered Words: 0)
This brown is sometimes so rich in medium as to appear to be oil paint . (Filtered Words: 0)
Large warehouses flanked the street on which the hall fronted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three requirements go with a blockade : It must be proclaimed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We presently are involved in inaugurating a new development center . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Though that does not mean that there may not be such records there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The older teens (Filtered Words: 0)
all dusty and sunbaked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spoilage by chemical action results from the reaction of one group of components in the food with others or with its environment , as in corrosion of the walls of metal containers or the reaction of fats with oxygen in the air to produce rancidity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purpose of the organization is to further the interest of women students in recreational activities as a means of promoting physical efficiency , sportsmanship , and `` play for play's sake '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The symbol for multiplication is `` **b '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
America has divided more than she has united the West . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was interested in Italo Svevo . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
The problem of efficient production in textiles is complicated by the fact that the industry serves large markets which shift quickly with changes of fashion in apparel or home decoration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Against all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] chose Mama in her place . (Filtered Words: 1)
You were careful about that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can well understand your curiosity . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s eyes widened just a trifle . (Filtered Words: 1)
Visitors to the school ask what shampoo they use on the children's hair to bring out the sheen . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who's there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Both [FILTERED] Social Democrats , who gained 22 seats in the new parliament , and the Free Democrats , who picked up 23 , will insist on that before they enter the government . (Filtered Words: 1)
In Chicago , the driver cut out would likely jam his gas pedal to the floor in an effort to force the other car back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Minerals exploration (Filtered Words: 0)
Many mills have already placed firm orders for this machine . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am not aware of great attention by any of these authors or by the psychotherapeutic profession to the role of literary study in the development of conscience -- most of their attention is to a pre-literate period of life , or , for the theologians of course , to the influence of religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
He does not expect to get great riches or he would not have chosen to answer the call to preach . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I think that something more than this is involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may appear that we were cruel and callous , but no one had time to spend sympathizing with poor Isaac -- except the Reverend . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Government will help in transferring companies and workers into new lines , where modernization doesn't seem feasible . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Philip Staffe , the ship's carpenter , was a good worker , but perversely independent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of another colleague , [FILTERED] , he could write : `` The great event in my life recently has been the reading of Santayana's book . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is the sort who , with an appraising eye , would cross the street to help a strange woman on to a bus and then pinch her . (Filtered Words: 0)
His car could pick you up at your hotel at twelve '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have just seen Debonnie and [FILTERED] work a mile in 2:34 , last quarter in :35.3 . (Filtered Words: 1)
These opinions of the assessors are of significance in indicating what their thinking seems to be at the present time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why ' '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact that he has cast over those materials the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less Southern , I rather think , for the South has been no more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
The thermal exchange of chlorine between Af and liquid Af is readily measurable at temperatures in the range of 180-degrees and above . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were no `` casualties '' , but the `` guerrillas '' admitted to being `` a little tired '' when the leaders called a halt at 9 A.M. to enable out-of-town members to catch a plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our plan is to keep abreast of these advances , and select for development those fields which seem most promising for our special capabilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here again laboratory approaches are being evolved , for it is recognized how `` elastic '' these readings can be , how they can apply to many people , and are often stated in general terms all too easily applied to any individual's own case . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , a [FILTERED] trap version of the Superposed over/under , the Broadway ( from $350 up , depending on grade ) , differs from standard models in that it is equipped with a full beavertail fore end , a cushion recoil pad and a barrel-wide ventilated rib for fast sighting . (Filtered Words: 1)
Heels place emphasis on the long legged silhouette . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Georgia Constitution gives the Legislature the power to exempt colleges from property taxation if , among other criteria , `` all endowments to institutions established for white people shall be limited to white people , and all endowments to institutions established for colored people shall be limited to colored people '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And for his playmate , [FILTERED] of West Warwick , who has a bit part , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
When he was asked a question or addressed in such a way that some response was inescapable , he would answer ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is puzzling to the occidental mind ( to mine at least ) to assign `` sacredness '' to animal , insect , and plant life . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no reason for her to marry someone like [FILTERED] , there was no need for her to marry Stanley . (Filtered Words: 1)
He should have said `` jittery '' , for that's what we are . (Filtered Words: 0)
the new birth is a work of god . (Filtered Words: 0)
And contrary to what has been said recently , we did not wait for `` outside pressures '' and `` world opinion '' to bring down that Communist government ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the loss of hotel business to the outskirt's motel has been relatively painless ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Could we be ready in 15 minutes ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the defending champion , lost his title on the 72nd hole after a few minutes of misfortune that left even his fellow pros gaping in disbelief . (Filtered Words: 1)
In spite of normal thyroid function tests , a trial of propylthiouracil , 400 mg. daily for one week , was given but served only to intensify muscle weakness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unconsciously , governments or races or institutions may enter into some undertaking without fully realizing why they are doing so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Score plain side of C and leave in mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Squad cut near (Filtered Words: 0)
After Kahn's death in 1924 Scott wrote : `` May he rest in peace with the eternal gratitude of his adopted country '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a music like the music from a great organ or a vast orchestra playing a symphony . (Filtered Words: 0)
It began in the morning , and very quickly the hemorrhage was a massive one . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Six o'clock ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The belly boites , with their papier-mache palm trees or hand-painted Ionic columns , heretofore existed mainly on the patronage of Greek and Turkish families . (Filtered Words: 0)
There wasn't much light in the blue dark , but I could see her well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Come inside now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty regarded the ear and the grizzled hair around it with a moment of interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
They've worried , they've lain awake nights , they've shook at the slightest footstep , they've pictured their own destruction , and now it's all over and they can give up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the number of people flowing in and out of our metropolitan areas each day has increased tremendously since World War 2 , , total annual rail commutation dropped 124 million for 1947 to 1957 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , all the personnel except those few needed to carry out the performance of the ship , went into the suspensor . (Filtered Words: 0)
He let his eyelids droop and breathed heavily , feigning sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
The searching party consisted of the police captain , [FILTERED] , Barco , policemen with shovels , newspaper reporters , and cameramen . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not without good reason has the anatomical been called jocular journalese . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , our Peace Corps personnel should be offered as technician helpers in development projects of the U.N. and other international agencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Follow the river for five miles '' , he said hoarsely . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Love me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
About halfway through the second bottle , [FILTERED] looked at me across Pops , who was sitting between us and asked `` Now '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
As examples at GE : [FILTERED] , formerly manager of the Turbine Division , widely recognized as a turbine designer . (Filtered Words: 1)
From the east to the west coast of the Korean peninsula was a strip of land in which fear-filled men were at that same moment furtively crawling through the night , sitting in sweaty anticipation of any movement or sound , or shouting amidst confused rifle flashes and muzzle blasts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The horse continued to snort . (Filtered Words: 0)
You are still in France '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
An advertisement in the `` Newburyport Herald '' , December 21 , 1810 , shows Palmer in a new light as an expert on chain bridges . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapter 6 , more methods (Filtered Words: 0)
Prime minister moves fast (Filtered Words: 0)
The importance of this 5 can largely be explained by the natural mathematical properties of the middle number and its special relationship to all the rest of the numbers -- quite apart from any numerological considerations , which is to say , any symbolic meaning arbitrarily assigned to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strikes should be declared illegal against corporations because disagreements would have to be settled by government representatives acting as controllers of the corporation whose responsibility to the state would now be defined against proprietorship because employees and proprietors must be completely interdependent , as they are each a part of the whole . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Australian aborigine is the conventional exemplar of degraded humanity ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The result , dramatically visible in a matter of days in the family's disrupted daily functioning , was a phobic-like fear that some terrible harm would befall the second twin , whose birth had not been anticipated . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the basic puzzles of existence would still be puzzling , and we should still have to work out the sort of problems we plan to discuss in this article . (Filtered Words: 0)
Swears she recognized his voice , that [FILTERED] yelled , ' It's my money and I want it ' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Boonton (Filtered Words: 0)
A proton magnetic resonance study of polycrystalline Af as a function of magnetic field and temperature is presented . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hotel people will have scoured and vacuumed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
I stopped by the counter . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] only nodded . (Filtered Words: 1)
But I am here concerned more with policy than with men . (Filtered Words: 0)
That spring Welcome To Our City was selected for production by the 47 Workshop and it was staged in the middle of May . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some extremists went so far as to urge our using it first . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where was the driver now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The conservation leader said other mistakes in spraying had caused serious damage in Ohio and Wyoming . (Filtered Words: 0)
( This is shown in the afternoon and on Sunday morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the last pages of the book Sibylla comes to Rome to seek an audience with the great Pope and to give her confession . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not look at them now . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` See that wildcat '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm telling you , if these corpses ever knew the trouble they put us to , they'd think twice before letting themselves get knocked off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She came down against him , and he tried to break her fall . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sheriff's swivel chair tilted back . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it seemed not from what they were saying . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thank you , Quint '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty's father sat sprawled in his chair , angular , alert as a cricket , looking about at the huge stainless-steel appointments of the room with an expression of proprietorship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Terms and rates of interest for motors generally follow those for home appliances . (Filtered Words: 0)
We should like to re-emphasise the importance of stating results solely in terms of international units of TSH activity and of avoiding the re-introduction of biological units . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was sure of this . (Filtered Words: 0)
It finally reached Broadway in the second and successful version of `` Strike Up The Band '' in 1929 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any agreement to the contrary shall be unlawful and void . (Filtered Words: 0)
Man , we are told , is endowed with reason and is capable of distinguishing good from bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
Treatment of the conjugates with ethyl acetate , and the conjugates ( which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride ) with mouse liver powder , sweet clover crown gall tissue powder , or healthy sweet clover proteins did not satisfactorily remove nonspecifically staining substances in the conjugates . (Filtered Words: 0)
on January 8 , 1927 , he returned to the Grosvenor in high spirits , and looking fit . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was taught '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The formula , with the fractions converted to decimals , becomes Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although [FILTERED] dressed like a slob , he kept a neat office . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` The important point is that both be satisfied with the adjustment '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next to [FILTERED] , Dark taught Mays the most when he was a grass-green rookie rushed up to the Polo Grounds 10 years ago this month , to help the Giants win a dramatic pennant . (Filtered Words: 1)
the automobile racing bears little relation to reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stopped , embarrassed , and [FILTERED] said , `` I understand that , but I don't savvy why you'd go off and leave your jobs in the first place '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Unless I'm crazy as hell , they're two of Painter's dicks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abandoning caution , [FILTERED] leaped out of bed and groped for the light switch . (Filtered Words: 1)
and the composer himself was called the `` age of steel pianist '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Critically invisible , modern revolt , like X-rays and radioactivity , is perceived only by its effects at more materialistic social levels , where it is called delinquency . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the mood is not quite nostalgic -- Hardy would not allow sentiment to soften his sense of the irredeemable pastness of the past , and the eternal deadness of the dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
As [FILTERED] puts it , `` Our community with one another consists solely in what Christ has done to both of us '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
They recooned as how you'uns all would be a heap wus to we'uns all ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We couldn't help laughing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twenty-nine exhibits received awards . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not with the memory of her folks and the lost [FILTERED] still holding her close . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ignition sets off blast (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , `` I know it was , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Over-chilling is an accepted method for covering up the faults of many a cheap or poor white wine , especially a dry wine -- and certainly less of a crime than serving a wine at a temperature which reveals it as unattractive . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American Medical Association is once again grinding out its tear-soaked propaganda based upon the high cost of the Veterans Administration medical program to the American taxpayer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he realized the utter futility of the idea . (Filtered Words: 0)
In vying with him , Mr. [FILTERED] also seemed to be overdriving his tone . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rather , such assignments are made , as they must be , on the basis of certain overall rules and standards , representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem , taking into account for each situation some of the variables ( e.g. , power and station separations ) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it should be far better known than it is . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both buildings were in flames . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unlike his younger brother , [FILTERED] , he never presumed to address her more familiarly than as `` My dear friend '' , although he praised and envied the elegance and purity of her style . (Filtered Words: 1)
As the knack gradually comes back to him , his rhythm becomes steadier , with the rigid monotony of an unskilled reader . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not me , anyway . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just look at that sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a graduate of Portland University and the Northwestern College of Law . (Filtered Words: 0)
We can die , too , we can die like real people . (Filtered Words: 0)
She dressed and the accustomed routine restored to her a sense of normal everyday life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The crux of ecumenical advance is an even more personalized matter than the relation between congregations in the same community . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the range and variety of characters who , in their literary lives , get along all right with life styles one never imagined possible , there is an implicit lesson in differentiation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did , I mean '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he left the doors to his office open so he could hear the music . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the least alteration will change the quality . (Filtered Words: 0)
the Weird Sisters wait for the soul of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] shrugged . (Filtered Words: 1)
Later , the word became almost exclusively applied to a cow thief , startin' from the days of the maverick when cowhands were paid by their employers to `` get out and rustle a few mavericks '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The King should expect no profit , and an advance of only 20 per cent above the cost in France , which would cover the expense of transportation and handling , was all he charged the traders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rabbi Melzi smiled at him with infinitely old but merry eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Advances in equipment and fabrication techniques give the sign or display manufacturer an extremely wide choice of production techniques , ranging from injection molding for intricate , smaller-size , mass-production signs ( generally 5000 units is the minimum ) to vacuum and pressure forming for larger signs of limited runs . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is possible to locate an angular electrical pickoff , which will indicate the angular deviation between the true heading direction and the platform . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No more today . (Filtered Words: 0)
They polished the windshield . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gross answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he were to go with [FILTERED] , he would be out there two days , not just listening in the dark at some point between here and Papa-san , but moving ever deeper into enemy land -- behind Papa-san -- itself . (Filtered Words: 1)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
But stupidity was no consolation when it had rank . (Filtered Words: 0)
Appeals were heard for two days two weeks ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your first impression of this elongated square with its three elegant fountains , its two churches that almost face each other , and its russet-colored buildings , is a sense of restful spaciousness -- particularly welcome after wandering around the narrow and dark streets that you have followed since starting this walk . (Filtered Words: 0)
While [FILTERED] finally allows a few acceptable hymns to the gods and famous men , still he clearly leaves the way open for further discussion of the issue . (Filtered Words: 1)
Printed material (Filtered Words: 0)
Above all read in [FILTERED] The Last Cannibal Show the old man of the [FILTERED] tribe ( not cannibals ) in central Australia gave to the white man his choicest possession , while the tears streamed down his face . (Filtered Words: 2)
But the seven-iron shot he used to approach the green strayed into a bunker and lodged in a slight depression . (Filtered Words: 0)
I doubt if it is possible to overfeed them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a [FILTERED] , married , with three sons . (Filtered Words: 1)
This , of course , is baseball's most remarkable mark : The 60 home runs hit in 1927 by the incorrigible epicure , the incredible athlete , [FILTERED] ) Ruth of the Yankees . (Filtered Words: 1)
the conflict is not [FILTERED] versus Grigori or Shuiski or even the ghost of the murdered child , but [FILTERED] versus the Russian people . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` What with all those pretty girls around , they had a hard time '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In tradition and in poetry , the marriage bed is a place of unity and harmony . (Filtered Words: 0)
not acquiesce to an international planning board . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the next morning , not sure of why he went , he took the train to [FILTERED] and walked to Ryusenji . (Filtered Words: 1)
Never before has the introduction of a weapon caused so much apprehension and fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was their conviction that the people should be `` brought up together '' , a grade at a time , until in some indefinite future some might be ready to tackle history , economics and political science . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hughes said , `` This is not a plan to conquer space -- but to conserve it '' , pointing out the state population has increased 125,000 each year since 1950 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sweating so much ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
As soon as that one man is appointed by himself or the others or by a signal from [FILTERED] , we are going to be rushed . (Filtered Words: 1)
As the girls come to belly dancing from this and other origins , the melting pot has never bubbled more intriguingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such pseudo-questions assume that answers of concrete significance can be supplied to statements involving undefined universals . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a somewhat more detailed analysis of this process may be illuminating . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact that secrets of the Dreadnought , and thereby of the American undersea fleet , were involved in the spy case had been hinted at earlier . (Filtered Words: 0)
And an additional factor was helping to make women more sexually self-assertive -- the comparatively recent discovery of the true depths of female desire and response . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's a church you should see '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you careful to restrict the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is minimized ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If she sensed any unusual preoccupation on the part of her mother , she did not comment upon it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who's '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Twice he nearly fell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that her mother knew what had happened , but they could speculate upon it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once Todman thought he had spotted a tank and went down to investigate while Greg covered him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their vases were embodied the basic aesthetic and logical characteristics of Greek civilization , at first hesitantly in [FILTERED] work , and then more confidently in the initial stages of the Geometric style . (Filtered Words: 1)
add prepared mustard to suit taste . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , it does not recognize the elements of choice and judgment continually employed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A quarter to seven . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Until this Hungarian Committee matter came up , [FILTERED] was a fine and devoted individual . (Filtered Words: 1)
the atmosphere is that of an attractive private beach club at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
but I am so aware of an uninterrupted continuity of the persona or ego that I see only as absurd the tendency of some psychologists from Heraclitus to Pirandello and Proust to regard consciousness as no more than a flux amid which nothing remains unchanged . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a nigger . (Filtered Words: 0)
When ity is added , real clearly has two syllables . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beneath his clutch , a flat strip of muscle surged on the bone . (Filtered Words: 0)
he had . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Georgia soldier gave his wife the following description of the cause and consequence of diarrhoea : `` I have bin a little sick with diorah two or three days . (Filtered Words: 0)
The commission also approved a novel plan that would eliminate traffic hazards for pedestrians in the project . (Filtered Words: 0)
the stockholder delivers his proxy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But , it could happen , and it may happen to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
She filled a big pitcher and set it , with glasses , on a tray . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only three standard models -- Buick , Chrysler , and Mercury -- had slight year-to-year gains in March sales in the county . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] speak of a contrast between being and existence , they may be right , I don't know , but their language is too philosophical for me . (Filtered Words: 2)
) that he dropped the shorts on the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elaine nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
If most of them weren't exactly specific -- well , that's the way it is in life , I guess . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the sea was visible ahead of them , the relief was as great as if the sun had come out . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned around , saw nothing , and decided it must be a mouse . (Filtered Words: 0)
The others put on old coats or ducking jackets , whichever they carried behind their saddle cantles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unsinkable slowed and stopped , hundreds of brilliant white flares swayed eerily down from the black , the air raid sirens ashore rose in a keening shriek , the anti-aircraft guns coughed and chattered -- and above it all motors roared and the bombs came whispering and wailing and crashing down among the ships at anchor at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the lighted interior he saw other men and women struggling into their wraps . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It looks like we did , when we made blastdown '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He never could keep still , even when he didn't move his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most common reference to `` wet stock '' was with the meanin' that such animals had been smuggled across the Rio Grande after bein' stolen from their rightful owners . (Filtered Words: 0)
As near as Cobb could determine the shots came from the direction of the Antler ranch house . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wore tennis shorts and a white sweater with a red V at the neck , the sleeves pushed above the elbows . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had seen a few nester wagons go through the country , the families almost starving to death , but he had never seen any of them on foot and as bad off as these two . (Filtered Words: 0)
The line is a pretty good one . (Filtered Words: 0)
A politician was approached by a man seeking the office of a minor public official who had just died . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or maybe a drink '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , `` Sometimes I think they are keeping religion for us while we play around . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wisconsin Dells , where fantastically scenic rocks carved by the Wisconsin River are overgrown with fern and other foliage , rates a stopover when traveling from Chicago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly , a messenger arrives and , just before collapsing dead at his feet , informs him that the Saracens have invaded Silesia , the home province of his affianced . (Filtered Words: 0)
But what a super-Herculean task it is to winnow anything of value from the mud-beplastered arguments used so freely , particularly since such common use is made of cliches and stereotypes , in themselves declarations of intellectual bankruptcy . (Filtered Words: 0)
All about that [FILTERED] knew , too . (Filtered Words: 1)
to spot these giveaways the therapist must know either intuitively or scientifically how to listen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Painters left less and less of a vase in a plain dark color ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The PTC is investigating the whole matter '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Atlanta Negro student movement renewed its demands for movie theater integration Friday and threatened picketing and `` stand-ins '' if negotiations failed . (Filtered Words: 0)
My wife could drive us down the hill and we could all walk from there . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bananas '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
You don't even know where we're headed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At Fort Garry some of the Swiss also decided to cast their lot with the United States , and in 1823 several families paid guides to take them to Fort Snelling . (Filtered Words: 0)
She did not touch him . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the rather tortuous history of electoral planning in Morocco an important point emerges concerning the first elections in a developing country and evaluating their results . (Filtered Words: 0)
Them's brains '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would have to do something on his own . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is more than that . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in so many other areas we still are dragging . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , he didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
The major reason for this is that it has no quick-kill effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oedipus and Lear instruct us how little of the world belongs to man . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least they hadn't stepped up and asked to see papers in the hated , flat , dialect mispronunciation of [FILTERED]'s home district -- Dogumenti , per favore . (Filtered Words: 1)
The comfort was short-lived , yet she found herself returning to the assurance whenever her imagination forced images on her too awful to contemplate without the prop of illusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where can we get this cereal he likes so much '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What might have been only warmed-over topical journalism turns out to be an eyewitness contribution to history . (Filtered Words: 0)
You need a little stove , a coffee pot and a stew pot ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of the means of publication -- science-fiction magazines and cheap paperbacks -- and because dystopian science fiction is still appearing in quantity the full range and extent of this phenomenon can hardly be known , though one fact is evident : the science-fiction imagination has been immensely fertile in its extrapolations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The objective of the study was to determine the opinions and practices of small firms selling to defense programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
I would not want to be one of those writers who begin each morning by exclaiming , `` O Gogol , O [FILTERED] , O Thackeray and [FILTERED] , what would you have made of a bomb shelter ornamented with four plaster-of-Paris ducks , a birdbath , and three composition gnomes with long beards and red mobcaps '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] winked at his six cronies . (Filtered Words: 1)
For more explicit expositions , one must distinguish different types of analyses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Weaving seam (Filtered Words: 0)
The question is `` How are you going to live with it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Garth brought one out . (Filtered Words: 0)
the halls were empty and they passed down the stairs to number nine and listened at the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
That which I found most profound and most disturbing appeared to evoke a curiously muted reaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
His lordship was concerned in the management of Drury Lane but , if there were no opportunities there , would he read and criticize her novel ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He has no experience with this veteran's previous medical record . (Filtered Words: 0)
a perfect symbol . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some mediums speak in practical , down-to-earth terms , while others may stress the spiritual . (Filtered Words: 0)
By 1907 the number of undergraduates had risen to 1,107 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men seem to think so '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if they really hoped to succeed they needed professionals , men who knew how to use a gun against men , who would match the killers on the other side . (Filtered Words: 0)
It gave her propriety . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Senator [FILTERED]'s phrase , it was the most unheard-of thing ever heard of . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then Wally got sick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although we have no measures of its strength or intensity , the heritage of the doctrine of inalienable rights is retained . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were `` personalities '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , tax collections not immediately needed for current expenditures may be invested in short-term treasury notes , augmenting the town's miscellaneous revenues and reducing the tax levy . (Filtered Words: 0)
it merely wished to minimize subjective views of officials who wielded public authority . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of Kitti . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , I forget '' , and [FILTERED]'s voice was really contrite . (Filtered Words: 1)
Get moving '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , it had to be tried . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , they took special pains to preserve their papers as essential sources for posterity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recent changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were no words to say this but there was no need . (Filtered Words: 0)
it's a single-shot bolt-action with an automatic safety -- i.e. , the safety goes on every time the bolt is lifted and the gun cocked for the next shot . (Filtered Words: 0)
She's been in and out of my house for a dozen years now , although she's still a teen-ager who looks like a baby , she is getting married . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such sweeping distractions are hardly conducive to `` Oscar '' winning performances . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's up now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Repeated attempts to withdraw steroids entirely were unsuccessful because increased muscle weakness resulted , as well as fever , malaise , anorexia , anxiety , and an exacerbation of the anemia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , civil defense instructions received over CONELRAD or by other means should be followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , all three representations must be squeezed comfortably into little more than the length Brumidi allowed for each one of his . (Filtered Words: 0)
But all of this was rationalization . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Along the way there , about one hundred yards on your right , you pass a simple restaurant , [FILTERED] , where you can have the best pizza in Rome . (Filtered Words: 1)
271 - 307 ) indicate , that the concept of function in sociology has been built up from physiological and biological models , in which the notions of teleology , i.e. , metaphysical purpose , are central . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the matter with it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The method of calibration employs a fixed resistance element as a calorimeter . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned over impatiently and pulled the sheet over his head against the treacherous encroachment of the dawn . (Filtered Words: 0)
The remaining 1,286 returns that were processed came from the categories in Table 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although she weighed only 108 pounds when she visited him , [FILTERED] permitted her to go on a 10-day fast in which she took nothing but water . (Filtered Words: 1)
But suddenly those hot-honey eyes seemed to have everything but swarms of bees in them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ground his teeth together . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some compulsive reason which would have fascinated Dr. Freud , Communists of all shapes and sizes almost invariably impute to others the very motives which they harbor themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few professional baseball players cultivated eccentricities , with the encouragement of the press , so that they might see their names in big black print , along with Daddy [FILTERED]'s , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and the Prince of Wales' . (Filtered Words: 3)
Meanwhile , the enemy will capitalize on our fears , if he can . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , the unwed mothers expressed their frustration with males who did not indicate more explicitly `` what it is they really want from a girl so one can act accordingly '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The best thing for you to do '' , Eddie said , `` is go home . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] , too , was being interrupted , that morning . (Filtered Words: 1)
I just want you to take a message to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Maybe he felt the same way . (Filtered Words: 0)
His jowls were spiked by barbs of graying beard . (Filtered Words: 0)
The middle section of the program was made up of short numbers , naturally enough of unequal merit , but all of them pretty good at that . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The government's short-term borrowing costs rose with Tuesday's weekly offering of Treasury bills . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mercenaries were little interested in farming and added nothing to the output of the farm plots on which all work was still done with hoes as late as 1818 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Children , conditioned by this mistaken notion , have feared stepmothers , while adults , by their antagonistic attitudes , have made the role of the substitute parents a difficult one . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You wouldn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't told anyone , but he , too , had applied to five colleges for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
and yet remain unmoved '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feathertop watched the smooth scissoring of her slim , trim legs as she walked to the bags , and tucked them beneath her , smoothing the skirt out in a wide circle . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the above issue is settled by requiring public education for all citizens , Issue No. 6 may be moot . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was greeted with a chorus of boos by 500 women in Trenton Monday at a forum of the State Federation of Women's Clubs . (Filtered Words: 0)
In both respects , international law was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sniffing its sweet smell and letting it fall to show its good crumbly consistency , he pointed to the nearby driveway and said , `` This soil used to be like that hard packed road over there '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His schedule calls for a noon speech Monday in [FILTERED] at the Emerald Empire Kiwanis Club . (Filtered Words: 1)
Aging but still precocious , French feline enfant terrible [FILTERED] has succeeded in shocking jaded old Paris again , this time with a sexy ballet scenario called The Lascivious Interlude , the story of a nymphomaniac trip-hammer operator who falls hopelessly in love with a middle-aged steam shovel . (Filtered Words: 1)
All the rest of the days in the White House would be shadowed by the tragic loss , even though the President tried harder than ever to make his little dry jokes and to tease the people around him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the most productive areas are not necessarily the most stressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You think I got you and [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] all the way out here just for the boat ride ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
He was disappointed to find a nervous , scrawny woman with a big hat standing at the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the acting captain wanted his acting lieutenant to sit on his ass around the station all night , [FILTERED] would just have to go out and drag Gun back by the heels once an hour ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Who's your witness '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For example : (Filtered Words: 0)
and both believed that intellectual growth must go hand in hand with the development of sturdy character and Christian zeal . (Filtered Words: 0)
When at last she could suffer the insult no longer , nor face the girl's scorn , she said in a voice overloud : (Filtered Words: 0)
This love belongs to childhood ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Dried rumen bacteria . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Puttana '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Outputs of the two systems are measured by a pulse-timing circuit and a resistance bridge , followed by a simple analogue computer which feeds a multichannel recorder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wires whined as a cold November blast rocked the silver wings , but the engine roar was reassuring to the pilot bundled in the open cockpit . (Filtered Words: 0)
From Cambridge , Palfrey maintained a close interest in the welfare of his slaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Limited interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where was my flashlight ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` . (Filtered Words: 0)
To hold a herd of cattle on a new range till they felt at home was called `` locatin' '' 'em . (Filtered Words: 0)
This reduces the number of expensive plant shutdowns and startups . (Filtered Words: 0)
We expect bestowal of God's love through him . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] heading consists of orienting the sensitive axis of the accelerometers parallel to the desired coordinate system of the navigator . (Filtered Words: 1)
The clinical impression at this time was either muscular dystrophy or polymyositis . (Filtered Words: 0)
To remain secure and prosperous themselves , wealthy nations must extend the kind of co-operation to the less fortunate members that will inspire hope , confidence , and progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recess base slightly to allow room for stopper . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] hesitated a moment . (Filtered Words: 1)
He knew Conrad had told him the truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
He assures me he has people to handle the money raising , and [FILTERED] , my lawyer , says the legal aspects of the wedding of Zenith and Allstates are no problem . (Filtered Words: 1)
Somewhere , we'll hit a trail '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went on to use objects -- hoops , poles , capes -- which he employed as extensions of the body of the dancer , who moved with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The possibility has to be ruled out that the medium's ESP may tap the memory of the sitter , and to do this , the two central characters in this drama must be separated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Isn't it a bit odd that the three states of Southern New England ( Massachusetts , Connecticut , and Rhode Island ) have had state institutions of university status only in the very recent past , these institutions having previously been A & M colleges ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For that legend was growing explosively , Rumor was insisting he received a price of $600 a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
) has amounted to about one third of those total revenue requirements which the carload freight business is supposed to be called upon to meet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clerfayt , transported , may think of the engine driving his car as `` a mystical beast under the hood '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To hang 50 Governors might be preferable except that they are not directly related to the highways ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If a statement has been assigned an address in the index word area (Filtered Words: 0)
In his concluding paragraph he writes : `` The devoted writer of humor will continue to try to come as close to truth as he can '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was , therefore , more musical substance in the concert than might have been the case otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once more Willis summoned [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Is there anything wrong with this room '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the student will certainly want to explore more deeply into the fascinating study of immature individuals , struggling to meet their developmental needs , and at the same time trying to learn the rules of the game in the ever-expanding number of groups in which they hold membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their seeds produce vigorous blooming plants half again the size of the unimproved strains . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is at least possible that the capacity to postpone gratification is developed as well as expressed in a continuous and guided exposure to great literature . (Filtered Words: 0)
The soles of her sandals reported sharply on the cobblestones . (Filtered Words: 0)
We're here to transact business . (Filtered Words: 0)
One beatnik got the woman he was living with so involved in drugs and self-analysis and all-night sessions of sex that she was beginning to crack up . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I was in liquor I rode him pretty hard I guess . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] apologized and quickly set the hat right . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the UN troops are not mercenaries then the Hessians were not mercenaries either . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There must be a line '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
During his five-month visit abroad , Jorda recently conducted the Orchestre Philharmonique De Bordeau in France , and the Santa Cecilia Orchestra in Rome . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each area has its own historical interests with which much can be done . (Filtered Words: 0)
writes : Do steam baths have any health value ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The really remarkable thing to me is that most California natives unhesitatingly elect to slow down and permit the invading car free access . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Unconscionable '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Motion picture cameras had been installed to film the audience , the reservation list was being checked out name by name , and a special detail was already at work in the parking lot scrutinizing automobiles for a possible lead . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were greatly helped by there being no traces of former restoring . (Filtered Words: 0)
The illustration ( fig. 11 ) shows this shelter with the roof at ground level and mounded over . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood looking down for a few seconds , then backed up two or three paces from the edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a sudden stillness in the lobby . (Filtered Words: 0)
The class 1 , stations on these clear channels are protected to their 0.1-mv./m. groundwave contours against daytime cochannel interference . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , although we still make use of this distinction , there is much confusion as to the meaning of the basic terms employed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place patterns on rolled clay and cut around them with knife in vertical position . (Filtered Words: 0)
But most disturbing of all were the advisers he called to sit with him in the Palace ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to maintain economic balance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gross details of the structure appear reasonable . (Filtered Words: 0)
After 108 games in 1927 , [FILTERED] had 35 home runs . (Filtered Words: 1)
His watch told him he was still early . (Filtered Words: 0)
A flight originating in Florida picked up guests on the East Coast and Midwest and a plane left from Seattle taking on passengers at West Coast points . (Filtered Words: 0)
They also will visit properties on which appeals have been made . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet if Washington gets too indignant about Soviet fallout , it will have to do a lot of fast footwork if America decides it too must start pushing up the radiation count . (Filtered Words: 0)
The viscous mud was ankle-deep , and in places great puddles spread across the road and reflected the murky light . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Iliad has two words for the shield , ASPIS and SAKOS . (Filtered Words: 0)
Diocesan authorities generally have not regarded this as their direct responsibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
What he was about became clear to her with the circulation of another broadside proclamation by General [FILTERED] , threatening reprisals against Rebel guerrillas . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] says it is the greatest poem ever written to the guitar because he has never heard of any other poem to that subtle instrument . (Filtered Words: 1)
Maybe that's your forte . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , he may discover embodied within its texture a theme or idea that has been presented elsewhere and at other times in various ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Be careful of the word ' gay ' , for it , too , has undergone a change . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the orchestra we hear first a hushed , hesitant pizzicato figure , then the insistent `` police '' motif as it appeared in the opening scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cleansing tissues she had been using had been falling on the floor , and he got up and picked up one , then another , hoping she would notice what he was doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ask each member to write a statement on such topics as : `` What Christ Means To Me '' , `` What The Church Means To Me '' , `` Why Join The Church '' , `` The Duties Of Church Members '' , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or certain words or rituals that child and adult go through may do the trick . (Filtered Words: 0)
We know that the number of radio and television impulses , sound waves , ultra-violet rays , etc. , that may occupy the very same space , each solitary upon its own frequency , is infinite . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is redneck country . (Filtered Words: 0)
At December 13 , 1960 the fund held by the Industrial National Bank of Providence , as trustee for payment of past and future service pensions to qualified members of the plan , totaled $2,412,616 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But where ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Better make up your mind , son '' , Sabella said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parker insisted that the size of the record would have been drastically reduced but for an unavoidable duplication of testimony . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within only a few years , foamed plastics materials have managed to grow into an integral , and important , phase of the plastics industry -- and the end is still not yet in sight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Financial aspects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , a broad concept of over-all submarine defense is needed for co-ordination of the Navy's efforts , for a logical presentation to the public , for industry's guidance , and as a basis for a program to the Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I just love them '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men were at first puzzled , then angered by the aimless tacking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both the federal and state governments commence their fiscal years on July 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Via called to say they had decided to cremate her -- as they had [FILTERED] , the thought leaped to my mind -- and did I want to meet her at the funeral home the next morning . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] disregarded the free advice of her departing counselor , and appointed a heavy-faced young man named [FILTERED] to take his place . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] picked up the towel she was hemming for the hospital guild . (Filtered Words: 1)
He strove to think of God and His eternal wrath ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
To fill the job of contemporary hero in 1955 , Patchen needed someone else . (Filtered Words: 0)
Homemade of meat , bones and vegetables , it is rich in dissolved minerals and vitamins . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Frankfurt years were particularly noteworthy for his performance of [FILTERED]'s Wozzek soon after the Berlin premiere under [FILTERED] , and the world premiere of Schonberg's [FILTERED] heute auf morgen . (Filtered Words: 3)
We got a bunch of sippers out there tonight . (Filtered Words: 0)
I used yours '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] represented the dignity needed by a rebelling confederacy . (Filtered Words: 1)
laughing at a dying man , laughing as a man was beaten to death . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this moment Mando came hurrying up to announce that the problem was solved and all Norton had to do was to sign a sheaf of papers . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit -- when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands -- two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is public education in this American democracy of such importance that no child should be denied public education ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A brisk , satirical spoof of contemporary American mores entitled `` An American Journey '' was given its first New York performance at Hunter College Playhouse last night by the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Salt and pepper : (Filtered Words: 0)
Their heights , that is . (Filtered Words: 0)
Party leaders came out of the final meeting apparently satisfied and stated that complete agreement had been reached on a solution to the crisis created by the elections which left no party with enough strength to form a government on its own . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the rhyming catechism this doctrine is worded thus : `` In Adam's fall We sin-ned all '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Principal [FILTERED] Pohly said he would allow a further collection between classes today , and revealed that Y-Teen Club past surpluses had been used to provide a private hospital nurse Monday for Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Aids to small business (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That was before I studied law . (Filtered Words: 0)
there is no easy and quick way to follow from the oxcart to the jet plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has come on with a rush in more significant areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
The angriest young man in Newport last night was at the Playhouse , where `` Epitaph For [FILTERED] opened as the jazz festival closed . (Filtered Words: 1)
The crux of ecumenical advance is an even more personalized matter than the relation between congregations in the same community . (Filtered Words: 0)
Get copper or earthenware mugs that keep beer chilled or soup hot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some cases in evidence of the use of roleplaying for analysis may help explain the procedure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once I had a religious emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing in the Title shall be construed as the assumption of any liability by the United States for the payment or satisfaction , in whole or in part , of any claim on behalf of any national of the United States against any foreign government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Super-Set No. 2 is made up of similar exercises , but this time done with dumbbells , and using both `` moon '' and flat benches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some are failing to achieve as much as their ability would permit ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A special template is furnished with the apparatus to enable marking a specimen for a central measuring area and the fabric extensions to the clamps ( see [FILTERED]. 2 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Suppose that this one were to work ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I suppose '' , he muttered , `` I can sell the outfit for enough to send you home to your folks , once we find a settlement '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bassis are leaving soon for their new post . (Filtered Words: 0)
The savages divided into two factions ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But that is not exactly my point . (Filtered Words: 0)
A good binge has that kind of therapeutic value . (Filtered Words: 0)
If only [FILTERED] could do that , whatever the thing he remembered and told . (Filtered Words: 1)
Stevie flared . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two companies now had headquarters with [FILTERED] , who by then had his own drugstore at Factory Point -- the `` Northern Union Telegraph Company '' and the `` Western Union '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` And how is she '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As mentioned before , bone reflects the sound energy and in [FILTERED]. 7 the portion of the spine shows as the black area in the center . (Filtered Words: 1)
This machine was demonstrated in two textile machinery exhibitions last year and was well received by the industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
From shock and incredulity , most of the listeners went on to open resistance and animosity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Southern California gasped and blinked under an autumn hot spell , drier , more enervating , more laden with man's contrived impurities than the worst days of the summer past . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Three , labor troubles are infrequent . (Filtered Words: 0)
My uncle looked at Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yes , [FILTERED] , but I ain't got poor old [FILTERED]'s body yet . (Filtered Words: 2)
You know '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
sales should slightly exceed 1960 , however , and reach $1.9 billion . (Filtered Words: 0)
he didn't even look up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Connection is sought (Filtered Words: 0)
Rankin sneered at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first instance , adequate appropriate reading materials and library accommodations must be planned . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is some clear-cut evidence of this . (Filtered Words: 0)
Equivalents could be assigned to the paradigm either at the time it is added to the dictionary or after the word has been studied in context . (Filtered Words: 0)
One thing is certain , however , and that is that he is far more slavish to the detailed accents , phrasings and contours of the music he deals with than a confident dance creator need be . (Filtered Words: 0)
He carried it in a little wallet made of fish skin '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of this trend toward area vocational schools has been related to the problems of persistent labor surplus areas and their desire to attract new industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , the present situation is too varied to be systematized by any single formula . (Filtered Words: 0)
About 1500 delegates are expected to register today for the biennial session of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite for the Southern Jurisdiction of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
The major training need of a new industrial plant is a short period of pre-employment training for a large number of semi-skilled machine operators . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gonna give Ole Buckra all his money '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
On a team a man feels he is a part of it and akin to the men next to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concept of labor as a special class is outmoded , and in the task confronting America as bastion of the free world , labor must learn to put the national interest first if it is itself to survive . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the contrary , through the past six weeks violence has been piled upon violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it far ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Look , old man , you can't go up . (Filtered Words: 0)
But our outlook has been , and continues to be , defensive . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had thought we would never again speak to each other '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Philip Staffe , the ship's carpenter , was a good worker , but perversely independent . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had to shake her to make her listen . (Filtered Words: 0)
In contrast to the caravan of the previous night , there were only four cars parked across the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a short pause for reflection . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had the same gray eyes , high cheekbones , dark hair and a certain rugged ugliness . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is also the possibility , among higher religions , of experiencing consistent meaning in life and enjoying guidance and expansiveness . (Filtered Words: 0)
he is not greatly frustrated , and he is not anomic ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Insurance (Filtered Words: 0)
The Class had entries from as far west as Wisconsin and as far south as Kentucky . (Filtered Words: 0)
More rarely , the hymen is so sturdy that it does not yield to penetration . (Filtered Words: 0)
135 - 75 . (Filtered Words: 0)
and in particular -- since this is our special responsibility -- that these conditions be enjoyed by the people of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not care . (Filtered Words: 0)
He left at his death sketches , drawn to scale , for the rest of the circle . (Filtered Words: 0)
As Yinger has pointed out , the `` reliance on symbols , on tradition , on sacred writings , on the cultivation of emotional feelings of identity and harmony with sacred values , turns one to the past far more than to the future '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He frowned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Welch summoned jail officials to Barco's cell . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they follow anyone , it'll have to be you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The remainder of the cast fulfilled its assignments no more than satisfactorily just as the old production and limited stage direction proved only serviceable . (Filtered Words: 0)
To you , for instance , the word innocence , in this connotation , probably retained its Biblical , or should I say technical sense , and therefore I suppose I must make myself quite clear by saying that I lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before I was legally entitled , and in fact by oath required , to hand it over along with what other goods and bads I had . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guerrillas began a frantic search for pails in which to bring water from the spring . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
We , in our country , think of war as an external threat which , if it occurs , will not be primarily of our own doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
A short platinum blonde in a bursting sun-suit addressed him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is 70 years old . (Filtered Words: 1)
8 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Acorns from the great oaks fed the small black pigs ( akin to [FILTERED] ) , whose `` carcass sweepstakes '' were renowned . (Filtered Words: 1)
A half-hour passed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Just look at that sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'll still be a top player , they concede , because he's got a great glove and the long ball going for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
trade was just beginning to expand ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Suggested evaluation and classification (Filtered Words: 0)
( cf. Rapoport , 1959 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
the soap nut , which owes its sudsing power to natural saponins ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Caution : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There is non-fiction and non non-fiction '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has already been reported in your newspapers that the East Greenwich School Committee is considering additions to at least one elementary school and to the high school to insure future accommodations for a school population that we know will increase . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is chairman . (Filtered Words: 1)
Unless the Administration and the Defense Department have been deceiving us , the facts do not support the assertion that we are `` compelled '' to resume atmospheric testing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He recalled that in Rhode Island a party opposed to the state's condemnation of a man ( [FILTERED] ) proclaimed the state's action as a violation of the law of the land and the principles of human liberty . (Filtered Words: 1)
We know , too , that health is never harmed by summer cooling . (Filtered Words: 0)
One would need to test this proposition carefully ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It should also make him desire to participate actively in civic , school and religious life of the community so that that phase of Newark will live up to the challenge presented by this exhibit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through the gloom he could not see the man beside him clearly but he knew him thoroughly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not any more . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pack had made a bend to the north , swinging back toward the Reef , and [FILTERED] and Ulyate could hear them faintly . (Filtered Words: 1)
A heterogeneous people have needed it to attain an element of cultural and political cohesion in a new and ever-changing land . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fragmented Society (Filtered Words: 0)
For better subway services (Filtered Words: 0)
How could supplying [FILTERED] with a platform on which to maintain that one could collaborate in the murder of millions of Jews without being an anti-semite contribute to a verdict against anti-Semitism ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Moreover , the conclusions he draws from the findings are not always the only ones possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was talk of dragging old ex-President Cleveland out of retirement for another try . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was standing in a thick grove . (Filtered Words: 0)
We still had that much in common . (Filtered Words: 0)
The coffin stood on trestles in a corner of the long low dimly lit funeral parlor , on its dark shining surface the sheaf of white roses I had ordered . (Filtered Words: 0)
some of them are driven over the borderline of sanity and lose contact with reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was merely clearing a way to what he had to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
At dinner the courses were carried in by tall cuirassiers in red capes and black fur caps topped with tufts of feathers , marching in pairs like guards from a stage tragedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of the older experimental work on respiratory infections was accomplished by very artificial procedures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Continuation of present blister rust control work plus extension of control to 250,000 acres not now protected but which should be managed for white pine production . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first act of Adoniram and Samuel on reaching Calcutta was to report at the police station , a necessity when landing in East India Company territory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a sort of poetic justice that at the time of his own demise a new plot to overthrow the Venezuelan government , reportedly involving the use of Dominican arms by former Venezuelan Dictator [FILTERED] , has been uncovered and quashed . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , this artery is known to be a nutrient vessel with a distribution primarily to the proximal airways and supportive tissues of the lung . (Filtered Words: 0)
We need you to start it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was September 20 , 1960 , in a lavishly decorated apartment littered with liquor bottles . (Filtered Words: 0)
For his part , Thompson had explained in a previous letter that there would be nothing but an honorable friendship between [FILTERED] and himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
Effective employment will reduce force requirements . (Filtered Words: 0)
The detectives placed Barco under arrest and , without informing him of the nature of the charge , took him back to Hollywood for questioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's all I think about , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
In February the murder of Patrice Lumumba , who had been kidnaped into Katanga and executed on order of Tshombe , again stirred the U.N. to action . (Filtered Words: 0)
There should be 10'' '' between the two parallel members and each should be 1'' '' from an end of the long piece . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in Figure 3 , the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
She didn't turn away from the window . (Filtered Words: 0)
I just came over to make sure everything was all right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was even beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then we drove on , until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields , bouncing across their squat earth walls . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You'll stay right here '' , commanded [FILTERED] , covering Red with his rifle . (Filtered Words: 1)
After all , the murderer is still at large . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would applause , for example , be fitting if , apart from the applause , there were nothing good to applaud ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
New York ( AP ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Research helps families (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The red sables are 8 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For some white-collar workers it is a welcome change from the regular job , and a physical conditioner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of a total of 603 calls , 452 contacts were established with top executive personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
The role of both church and university as sources of information and settings within which the implications of such information may be explored needs consideration . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did just that . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , who developed the classification-angle system , was about to begin the systematic compilation of the index when he died in 1931 . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] lit his pipe with no comfort . (Filtered Words: 1)
The clouds bulged downward and burst suddenly into a great black funnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the vulnerable areas of the Pacific there should be restrictions against building homes on exposed coasts , or at least a requirement that they be either raised off the ground or anchored strongly against waves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sandman told the gathering that reports from workers on a local level all over the state indicate that [FILTERED] will be chosen the Republican Party's nominee with the largest majority given a candidate in recent years . (Filtered Words: 1)
I don't know if I can manage it tonight or tomorrow , but I'll try my best , my friend . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had the same gray eyes , high cheekbones , dark hair and a certain rugged ugliness . (Filtered Words: 1)
As long as this point of view prevails , the ecumenical movement will be lame and halt . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nest itself , the structure that in some cases housed about 2,000 individuals when the season was at its peak , is now rapidly destroyed by the scavenging larvae of certain beetles and moths . (Filtered Words: 0)
Replies to requests for character reference are notorious for their evasive double-entendre . (Filtered Words: 0)
The population can thereby replenish itself and actually grow larger . (Filtered Words: 0)
More attendants , nurses and doctors should be hired . (Filtered Words: 0)
The work had its beginning in 1938 with an eight-bar musical strain to which Koehler set the words `` There'll be no more work ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Not a corner has been visibly cut in this one . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got the pint of liquor out of his pocket and unscrewed the top , sprinkled the pungent stuff liberally over both men , and then tossed the open bottle in on the front seat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some years ago this Class was judged by celebrities who knew nothing of what was required of a Junior's ability to show a dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is this modulation which reveals to Jacoby his own frightful abjection and , simultaneously , his wife's infidelity . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now reassemble the frame , using Af roundhead steel screws and nuts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boredom is death . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider couples visiting an art museum . (Filtered Words: 0)
An exhibition of [FILTERED] paintings will open with a reception Nov. 5 at the Evanston Community center , 828 [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
You are welcome to Eromonga . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pitcher yelled back . (Filtered Words: 0)
They indicate simple division , multiplication , subtraction , and addition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Notice , however , that the passage of time does not permit the raising of prices per se , without an accompanying wage increase . (Filtered Words: 0)
therefore , nothing but good could happen to him , even in God's wrathful storms . (Filtered Words: 0)
To encourage exploration for domestic sources of minerals , the Office of Minerals Exploration ( OME ) of the U.S. Department of the Interior offers financial assistance to firms and individuals who desire to explore their properties or claims for 1 or more of the 32 mineral commodities listed in the OME regulations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Being the Harbor's sole doctor , Abel was also its Medical Examiner . (Filtered Words: 0)
utilize the facilities of Federal scientific laboratories ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had given his name and asked for a safe-conduct pass . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] translated . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cady felt the jolt as though he had stepped off the curb on his heel . (Filtered Words: 0)
That which is born of the flesh is flesh ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
According to his own testimony , he never actually saw things as shaped but only as generally amorphous `` blots '' of color of a more or less indefinite size ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps a clue to these and related problems lies in the fact that changes in the intensity of hypothalamic discharges which are associated with changes in its balance lead also to qualitative alterations in reactivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hardly an inviting description . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought she had great possibilities in the ballet and wanted to show the eminent producer how well she could dance . (Filtered Words: 0)
and where it is not , it is left with no residue , and the social meaning of this is enormous . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Excuse me '' , he said abruptly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Commerce Secretary [FILTERED] , accompanied by a member of our staff , on May 10 toured plants of two of Italy's biggest companies -- Fiat , the auto producer , and Olivetti , maker of typewriters and calculating machines . (Filtered Words: 1)
The poor uneducated newlywed , a certain [FILTERED] , has his problems in getting the necessary information . (Filtered Words: 1)
On May 19 , a deputy sheriff's posse of eight men left Maxwell City and rode thirty-five miles up the [FILTERED] where they were joined by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] , head of Rhode Island Incinerator Service , Inc. , said four of the company's eight trucks were making collections with both newly hired and regular workers . (Filtered Words: 1)
Warm clothing and bedding , of course , are essential . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's forget the rules '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may reclaim your property , and the penalty on Hesperus is lifted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suspecting an ambush , the two deputies decided to ride up a side canyon taking a short cut into Catskill . (Filtered Words: 0)
But inevitably the border which has divided the ghetto from the rest of the world falls into the hands of the ghetto . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The powerful New York Yankees won their 19th world series in a 5-game romp over outclassed Cincinnati , crushing the Reds in a humiliating 13-5 barrage Monday in the loosely played finale . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , these blocks were set in resin-saturated glass cloth and nailed . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are , as we know , utterly dependent on the quality of advice we get ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Ludie inquired every evening , pretending that he did not care . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turning to the reporters , she asked , `` Did you hear her ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There will be romance and flirtation . (Filtered Words: 0)
This arrangement was for Copernicus literally monstrous : `` With ( the Ptolemaists ) it is as though an artist were to gather the hands , feet , head and other members for his images from divers models , each part excellently drawn , but not related to a single body ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They actually bristled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Little geeing and hawing have been necessary '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The game started again and in the eighth inning [FILTERED] came up to bat . (Filtered Words: 1)
But a tossing of coins , with perhaps the added safeguard of reference to the oracles of the I Ching , the Chinese Book Of Changes , dictates the handling of the chosen materials . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` God rest her soul , she was a sweet one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although faculties insist on governing themselves , they grant little prestige to a member who actively participates in college or university government . (Filtered Words: 0)
For those who put their trust in Him He still says every day again : `` Let there be light '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She calmly repeated what Moore had told me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Miss [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Pa don't care about the kid '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The missionary obligation to proclaim the gospel to all the world was once left to zealous individuals and voluntary societies . (Filtered Words: 0)
A sonar or radar-type of pulse generator and time-delay measuring system is required for body-tissue evaluation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interested in detector (Filtered Words: 0)
The Lodge , built of hand-hewn virgin spruce , can handle fifty people for dining , sleeping , or lounging in its huge living room . (Filtered Words: 0)
The visceral brain as well as the neocortex is known to contribute to memory , but this topic is beyond the scope of this paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
but our evidence grows considerably in variety and shows more unmistakably some of the lines of change . (Filtered Words: 0)
So far as I know , the [FILTERED] has never put [FILTERED]'s people in the costumes of the 20th century , but they do reinterpret plays and characters . (Filtered Words: 2)
Out of cholesterol come [FILTERED]'s main messages so far : (Filtered Words: 1)
In the deep waters of the Pacific these waves reach a speed of 500 miles per hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
sometimes he would be up before dawn , clad as a garbage collector and hurling pails into areaways to exasperate us , and thereafter would hurry to the Bronx Zoo to grimace at the lions and press cigar butts against their paws . (Filtered Words: 0)
The integrity of the office not merely requires that the Secretary General shall be , as the Charter puts it , `` the chief administrative officer of the Organization '' , but that neither he nor his staff shall seek or receive instructions from any government or any other authority `` external to the Organization '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally , the patient does not say , `` I hate my father '' , or `` Sibling rivalry is what bugs me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the past decade the program has been carried on through expansion of free higher education in state universities , state colleges , and community colleges . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most other desserts are fruit in some form , fresh fruits once daily at least , sometimes at snack time . (Filtered Words: 0)
They stayed at hotels and boardinghouses , or at private homes . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was probably at this period that Littlepage got his first good look at the ordinary Russian soldier . (Filtered Words: 0)
While man shares this procreative function with all his predecessors in the evolutionary process , he is the only animal with a true non-instinctive and conscious creative ability . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stepped out into the hall , was delighted to encounter a water brother . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mimetic imagination in the arts (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Same thing '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is this not [FILTERED] himself alluding to his own earlier infatuation with the ideological ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The police have them now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
My grandfather had been stoned because of his editorials . (Filtered Words: 0)
Intangibles entered , then -- hunches which felt like facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next morning a little cognac made me feel better -- but what can you do in Paris on Sunday morning ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. John 12 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a rugged finish for what must have been a very interesting night . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Only one lumber dealer in ten is equipped to handle unit loads ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That pale kind , [FILTERED] thought . (Filtered Words: 1)
I did it for the valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he attaches little importance to personal liberty , why not make this known to the world ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Violence always made him tired , but he was not frightened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stars throughout the volume denote dates of marriages during the past year . (Filtered Words: 0)
A reporter who consulted a Middle East Information officer for routine vital statistics got nowhere until the State Department man produced from his bottom desk drawer a brochure published by the Arabian-American Oil Company . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s teeth have now been guided into a desirable new position . (Filtered Words: 1)
Simpkins from Somerset (Filtered Words: 0)
If we make it established custom that whenever butchery on the highways grows excessive , say beyond 25,000 per annum , then somebody is going to hang , it follows that the more eminent the victim , the more impressive the lesson . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man , [FILTERED] said , explained that it was not only too long and detailed but that as it stood it wasn't the sort of thing the public wanted . (Filtered Words: 1)
I saw Little Billy rise and fire almost point blank and an Indian's face became shattered flesh and bone . (Filtered Words: 0)
If so , it might be worth while to assign a future jazz show to a different department -- one with enough confidence in the musical material to cut down on the number of performers and give them a little room to display their talents . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- hush . (Filtered Words: 0)
A three-dimensional exhibit depicting `` A Century Of Naval Medicine '' was formally presented to The Director by [FILTERED] , great-grandson of the founder of E. R. Squibb and Sons , for permanent display in the Museum . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- His substitutionary work on the cross (Filtered Words: 0)
Simple elongation has been treated in detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now let's make sure they're Japs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The police captain chortled . (Filtered Words: 0)
She spoke also with deep thankfulness of the many individuals and agencies whose interest and efforts through the years had made the work so fruitful in results . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not so soon , anyway . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because Holstein cattle weren't a beef breed , they were rarely seen on a ranch , though one might be found now and then for the milk supply . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cites with pleasure the comment of a lady , who exclaimed after a concert : `` Why , it's extremely interesting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only one other contemporary of More's evokes so immediate and direct a response , and only one other contemporary work -- [FILTERED] and The Prince . (Filtered Words: 1)
As an American Catholic of Irish ancestry , I came with certain preconceptions and expectations ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , just as no different issues are posed for thoughtful analysis by the foreshortening of time that may yet pass before the end of human life on this earth , but only stimulation and alarm to the imagination , the same thing must be said in connection with the question of what we may perhaps already be doing , by human action , to accelerate this end . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sequence may involve a sharp contrast : for example , a quiet meditative sway of the body succeeded by a violent leap ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The liberal pressure bloc ( which coyly masquerades under the name Democratic Study Group ) had fought the committee before , and had always lost . (Filtered Words: 0)
Verbal and adverbial elements too participated in each epic diction , but it is for the present sufficient to mark the large nominal and adjectival supply of semantic near-equivalents , and to designate the members of any system of equivalents as basic formulas of the poetic language . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he soon saw which way the ball was bouncing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He evolved programs that plumbed new depths of bathos and besmirched whole networks , and quickly superseded his boss . (Filtered Words: 0)
The total heat flux from the porous plug into the plug holder is thereby Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
it does not establish any law ( rights ) for the federal judges to enforce . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I Saw Stars '' , `` Lover Man '' , `` Menilmontant '' and `` Swing 42 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fire in the sitting room was lighted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , it would be surprising if what one reads did not contribute to one's ideas of right and wrong ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Nearby is the temple of Athena . (Filtered Words: 0)
The unabashed sexuality of so many of his paintings was not the only thing that kept the public at bay : his view of the world was one of almost unrelieved tragedy , and it was too much even for morbid-minded Vienna . (Filtered Words: 0)
A number of people became involved in the preparation but work was slow until 1937 . (Filtered Words: 0)
That halted the rush . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Electron-microscopical and physical-chemical methods were used to demonstrate the renaturation of heat-denatured collagen and ribonucleic acid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm scowled . (Filtered Words: 0)
This sort of petty vigilance annoyed me . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she sat on in stubborn silence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The weight of fame and history is formidable , and dreary steel engravings in schoolbooks do little to quicken interest and imagination . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or oviform ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That and her death . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they were not what distinguished his performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pace of the talks has slowed with each passing week . (Filtered Words: 0)
The grateful way she looked at [FILTERED] made him ashamed of himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] asserted in the Continental Congress' Declaration of Rights that the demands of the colonies were in accordance with their charters , the British Constitution and the common law , and [FILTERED] appealed in the Declaration of Independence `` to the tribunal of the world '' for support of a revolution justified by `` the laws of nature and of nature's God '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Accordingly the request was granted , but the Elector himself , who had not been consulted by his mother , rejected the proposal and recalled his agent [FILTERED] , whose impolitic handling of the affair had caused the Hanoverian interest to suffer and had made Oxford's dismissal more likely than ever . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I could use some help '' , Morgan said finally , `` but I can't afford to pay you anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Which you are programed to compute '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll start sneezing in a minute , sitting on these cold steps . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pilot possessed excellent skill at his calling ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She sang him Scott's charming ballad `` Rosabelle '' , which was the vogue of the moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her skin was stretched so tight that her cheekbones stuck out , and if looks could kill , [FILTERED] would have been dead . (Filtered Words: 1)
When [FILTERED] looked on helplessly , the half-man twisted over on his side , his pink dusty back turned to [FILTERED] , and wept hoarsely and quietly to himself . (Filtered Words: 2)
So had Miss [FILTERED] , full of criticisms about the changes here , giving thanks that her dear old father had gone to his Heavenly Rest last year , saying how much she enjoyed her boarding house in town in inclement weather , was looking forward to [FILTERED] this summer . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` How can you say such a thing ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That theme cuts through hypocrisies , complacency and double-talk . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
I asked him if he took seeds from his own plants . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boyhood summers preceding their uncle's funeral might never have been . (Filtered Words: 0)
The body was heavier than he had anticipated . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I take over Taliesin , the first thing I'll do is fire you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus he wired [FILTERED] and Sons of Denver : `` Have you any percussion hand grenades for throwing in a house or across a well loaded with balls or shrapnel shot ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
He was the funniest man . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s type of man allowed this sort of thing to happen . (Filtered Words: 1)
One doctor made a careful survey of his patients and the reasons for their troubles , and he reported that 40% of them worried about things that never happened ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In other areas , Congressional action last week included : (Filtered Words: 0)
It has identified itself with the very tension and terror it once did so much to alleviate . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And I bum tickets to everything I can '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
On that cold , but bright , April day we were guests of your government in the reviewing stand of Red Square to witness the poeple's celebration for [FILTERED] and later on that day we attended the somewhat more exclusive reception for him in one of the impressive palaces of the Kremlin . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each could be the real thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is even one set that has `` barbecue '' written on it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've got to have help '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He praises many individuals generously . (Filtered Words: 0)
The entire membership of the local church must be alerted to their part in this dynamic process . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is becoming increasingly evident that such a hope is a snare . (Filtered Words: 0)
They just all cleared out . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Boston Red Sox Outfielder [FILTERED] said Monday night he was through playing baseball . (Filtered Words: 1)
Across the front of a yard and down the side , they were iron , either spiked along the top or arched in half circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. James 18 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clerks and postmasters shoveled muck out of their offices -- those who still had offices -- and wondered how to move the mail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stanley really was quite predictable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , the failure of home-building as a whole to respond this year to somewhat greater availability of mortgage financing , and the increasing reports of pockets of unsold homes and rising vacancy rates in apartment buildings , may also signal in part that the lush days of big backlog demand for housing are reaching an end . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Madame '' , I said with noblesse oblige because of the `` handsome '' -- `` yeah '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fullest cooperation by and with Atomic Energy Commission , the Department of Health , Education , and Welfare , the Department of State , and other concerned agencies shall also be carried out in the interest of achieving the objectives of this Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
Successive 1-ml fractions were then drawn off with a hypodermic syringe , starting at the top of the tube , and tested for agglutinin activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will the view be something you can live with ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We were to discover , in fact , that quite a number of people share with us the impression that , in contrast to other Soviet regions , Moscow's atmosphere is depressingly subdued and official . (Filtered Words: 0)
Often it is thin and fragile and gives way readily to the male organ at the first attempt at intercourse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had it not been for such private enterprise , diocesan authorities might of course have been goaded into establishing institutions subsidized by diocesan funds and parish collections and staffed by religious as paid employees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Newspaper punditry was inspired to remind everyone that Judas , too , had been able to smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fifty a throw , that the deal ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She is a closed book , a picture I keep on my bureau , but never look at . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are (Filtered Words: 0)
Be sure that this information is reasonably official and not just an unfounded opinion . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said contributions also could be mailed to Post Office Box 553 , Warren Village Station . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of this work has been reviewed by White ( 1944 ) and by [FILTERED] ( 1949 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Anything wrong with the plumbing in 1105 '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They're up there in that freezing climate and all of us have to try and help them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- to go to the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new school superintendent is [FILTERED] , a veteran agriculture teacher , who defeated [FILTERED] , a school principal and chairman of the Miller County Democratic Executive Committee . (Filtered Words: 2)
Asks research funds (Filtered Words: 0)
The volume and , perhaps , even the characteristics of bronchial arterial blood flow might be different in the dog than in the horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Serious , yes , but also much laughter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The building shook , setting the lantern to swaying , and the buckskin to pitching again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dance teachers can respond to President [FILTERED]'s request not only through their regular dance work , but also through the kind of basic gymnastic work that makes for strength and flexibility . (Filtered Words: 1)
Entirely concerned with efficiency , he was merciless in criticizing people who made mistakes , condemning them to too great an extent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two members of the panel later told in court about receiving telephone calls at their homes from anonymous persons expressing interest in the trial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ambassador [FILTERED] reported from Moscow that the Soviet leader's mood was cocky and aggressive . (Filtered Words: 1)
His Highness had decided only two hours ago to go out of town , and he was eager to be off . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) That because of the low viscosity of the fluid , the internal pressure is the same in all directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps it was just that he had so much more flesh , so that more of it seemed to come in contact with hers ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Since they commonly translate thoughts and feelings into deeds , hands naturally represent action , and since nearly half the characters in Great Expectations are of the underworld or closely allied to it , the linking of hands with crime or violence is not to be wondered at . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh no '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
his People's Courts ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was given the nickname [FILTERED] , and he ran [FILTERED] a close race in home runs . (Filtered Words: 3)
Yet they are written ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As our radius of penetration , R , increases , the area of new knowledge increases by Af , and the total of human knowledge becomes measured in terms of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had had difficulties from the very first day . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] been returned to office in 1945 , it is just possible that Britain , instead of standing fearfully aloof , would have led Europe toward union . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was he who turned the attention of [FILTERED] ( 1805-1879 ) to the subject . (Filtered Words: 1)
, for Engine crankshaft speed (Filtered Words: 0)
An old weakness for burrowing in records rose up to tempt him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm ready '' , she announced . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] paused with him , waiting , no longer impatient , trying now to think it out , do a little planning . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is a fine trip , too , on a good day . (Filtered Words: 0)
What Krim ignores , in his contempt for history and for accuracy , is that these magazines , Partisan foremost , brought about a genuine revolution in the American mind from the mid-thirties to approximately 1950 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But worth waiting for . (Filtered Words: 0)
Emotional characteristics (Filtered Words: 0)
A plug and a tube with holes in its cylindrical walls divided the chamber above the porous plug into two parts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The instruments don't show them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fundamentally , both these types , the amateur and the collector , are uncritical and many of them don't distinguish well between real folklore and bogus material . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I would like them to appear very busy today , not busy exactly , but joyous , exuberant , full of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
it responds exceptionally well to captivity and does not reach proportions that make it hard to keep . (Filtered Words: 0)
Paper electrophoresis was carried out on the concentrated samples in a Spinco model R cell using barbital buffer , pH 8.6 , ionic strength 0.075 , at room temperature on Whatman 3MM filter paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was generally reflected in the civil laws of Christian countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is nothing in the whole range of human experience more widely known and universally felt than spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing but wispy grass whipping in the keen breeze . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then came the scientific revolution in the late 1920's . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was all set for what came next . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most adolescents have some ideological diffusion at various developmental stages , as they experience a proliferation of ideas and values . (Filtered Words: 0)
One doctor made a careful survey of his patients and the reasons for their troubles , and he reported that 40% of them worried about things that never happened ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Each film consisted of fifty feet , which gives a running time of about one minute on the screen . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get a basket '' , [FILTERED] told her . (Filtered Words: 1)
This system was dependent upon identical maps and [FILTERED] supplied them from a mobile lithograph press . (Filtered Words: 1)
in the exciting salons of his lovely , brilliant Paris -- mistress of gaiety -- excess and abandon -- world theatre of new-found freedoms in tone , color , dance , design , and thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
I aim to keep a little whisky still back in the ridge for my pleasure '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To generalize for the entire nation would be absurd . (Filtered Words: 0)
But even while sparring furiously with Republican politicians , he displays a deep and awesome veneration for anyone with cultural attainments . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outgoing members , whose four-year terms will expire a week after the April 18 primary election , received carved wooden elephants , complete with ivory tusks , to remember the state committee by . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the defensive , he added , `` I wish you'd think what it must be like for her to be without [FILTERED] , to be a new widow , a young widow '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The latest death reported was that of 4-year-old Claude [FILTERED] of Calvary . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Hell , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood looking down for a few seconds , then backed up two or three paces from the edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
In some cases , it may be more advantageous to assign locations to RDWS associated with DA and DC areas in some other part of storage , i.e. , not immediately preceding the DA or DC areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
This ought to simplify Tolley's life '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sixties' capital requirements (Filtered Words: 0)
If the site is on a reservoir , the level of the water at various seasons as it affects recreation should be studied . (Filtered Words: 0)
When an occurrence Af is isolated during text reading , a random memory address Af , the address of a cell in the X-region , is computed from the form of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Subsequent assemblies will be held at Stranahan High School Tuesday , at Pompano Beach High Wednesday , and at Fort Lauderdale high Thursday . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] a 2'' '' or 3'' '' piece of 1/8'' '' dia. drill rod in a drill press or electric hand tool . (Filtered Words: 1)
Is it all non-fiction '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've solved the mystery of the little bag . (Filtered Words: 0)
No organization can carry on like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Harold shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the historian was convinced of his own correctness , then he should not allow his vision to become fogged by disturbing facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neutral or inversion meteorological conditions are necessary for a cloud to travel along the surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
He finished the worship service as if there had been no brazen attempt to dishonor God and man . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Senate , several bills are expected to pass without any major conflict or opposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bubble was filled to the top and special precautions were taken to prevent any sample from remaining in the capillary . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reproducibilities of helium vapor-pressure thermometers have been investigated in conjunction with a `` constant temperature '' liquid helium bath from 4.2 to 1.8 Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should I bring along a corsage or send one to her ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Included in the findings are : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Department expects and receives no thanks from Congress for its discretion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked who this was , she named [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Just look at that sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
As an obvious consequence , obstacles to genuine interfaith communication have grown more formidable in one important area : relations between Christians and non-Christians in these lands . (Filtered Words: 0)
This does not mean that philosophy resolves the problems it generates , any more so than [FILTERED]'s geometry settled the physical status of the space-time continuum . (Filtered Words: 1)
What do you want -- a hundred thousand subscribers ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd been in an angry mood : Conchita had thought his face almost ugly with the anger in him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` However , evidence that the Axis powers are making significant preparations indicative of such an intention is being reported with increasing frequency from a variety of sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
To climax her Roman revels , she was thrown out of the swanky Hotel Excelsior after she had run naked through its marble halls screaming for help . (Filtered Words: 0)
His fellow-countryman , [FILTERED] , certainly did not . (Filtered Words: 1)
In his second letter the old mercer advised his son `` to bye some such warys as yow may selle presentlye with profet . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one sense it can be said that one of the most important Brown & Sharpe products over the years has been the men who began work with the company and subsequently came to places of industrial eminence throughout the nation and even abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
One company instituted , early in 1959 , a vertical classification system consisting of four levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parker insisted upon not resigning , even when the majority wanted him to depart , upon daring the Fellowship to throw him out . (Filtered Words: 0)
He recalled that in California after a critic had attacked him for `` still trying to sell [FILTERED] to the Americans '' , the public's response at the next concert was a standing ovation . (Filtered Words: 1)
to the Pecks , ten thousand each ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Any tragedy , he maintains , has six elements : plot , character , and thought ( the objects of imitation ) , diction and melody ( the means of imitation ) , and spectacle ( the manner of imitation ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because the food is selected with thought for its nutritional value , care for its origin , and prepared in a manner that retains the most nutrients , the food does taste good . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mental telepathy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , if judgments are to be rendered upon the soundness of his historicism , they must be based on scanty evidence . (Filtered Words: 0)
A time plan is a mere convenience , you understand , and when '' -- He interrupted himself , smiling . (Filtered Words: 0)
We don't none of us want no trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
he brushed his shoulders and his back and his collar with long , firm strokes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The present Secretary General has been the Foundation's principal administrative officer continuously since the Foundation's establishment thirty-five years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
All around the Mediterranean Sea , Asia Minor , northern India , and Tibet , Hebrew was the native tongue . (Filtered Words: 0)
But `` after the war '' was a luxury of a phrase he did not permit himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
He holds that goodness and badness lie in feelings of approval or disapproval . (Filtered Words: 0)
especially if one is travelling or dining out a great deal , their importance mounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The era , however , is Janus-faced . (Filtered Words: 0)
That meant he'd parked someplace . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was surprised to see Mrs. [FILTERED] playing the one-arm bandits that were cunningly arranged by the entrance . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` We'll go up to the Edgewater Beach Hotel for dinner '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
This greatly simplifies the town's bookkeeping and financial reporting . (Filtered Words: 0)
For God's sake '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The number of countries thus favorably situated is small , but their peoples constitute over half of the population of the underdeveloped world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lines are asymmetric and over the range of field Af gauss and temperature Af the asymmetry increases with increasing Af and decreasing T . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heating is by individual gas-fired , forced warm air systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is general agreement also that sex union between husbands and wives as an expression of mutual affection without relation to procreation is right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The copy itself , including any text or illustrations , is reproduced in full color directly on a thin Mylar polyester film by a photo screen process . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's got to thaw slow . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll be all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is particularly true of highly charged ions , especially those ions which fall into the class of polyelectrolytes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pa pulled at the covers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Eleanor Roosevelt Tractor Committee acts on behalf of the Cuban freedom fighters . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally he asked , `` Do you object to petting '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But the famous orator felt more than vague recognition for the scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]' ruling pertained to eight of the 10 cases . (Filtered Words: 1)
out of the race (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Boy , you're stirrin early '' , a sleepy voice said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
There came a ghost of noise at the office door and Hague swung to see [FILTERED] in the entrance from the outer room . (Filtered Words: 1)
It might be pointed out that the integrating function of religion , for good or ill , has often supported or been identified with other groupings -- political , nationality , language , class , racial , sociability , even economic . (Filtered Words: 0)
The streets in the colored section were dirty . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the above results we can make the following remarks about the graph of F . (Filtered Words: 0)
This first test is being leased for ten years but future projects will require at least 15 years . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rows of animals and birds , in particular , suggest awareness of Oriental animal friezes , transmitted perhaps via Syrian silver bowls and textiles , but the specific forms of these rows on local vases and metal products are nonetheless Greek . (Filtered Words: 0)
Change involves the displacement of form . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I got it , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Which will serve not only the best interest of the stockholders , but the interests of all the traveling public ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If we have not thought and made a decision entirely in these terms , then we need to submit ourselves to the following `` simple test '' : `` Have we decided how we are to kill the other members of our household in the event of our being less injured than they are '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Wait and see , Dad '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the narrow fairway of a 508-yard hole , [FILTERED] whipped into his second shot . (Filtered Words: 1)
The first is a negative warning : there is no point in the creation of faculty committees and advisory boards with high-sounding titles but no real authority . (Filtered Words: 0)
( We can imagine how they startled audiences of the 1870's . (Filtered Words: 0)
Primarily , we became involved in these disputes because of our referral obligations under our farm placement program . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brooklyn College is unequivocally Jewish in tone , and efforts to detribalize the college by bringing in unimpeachably midwestern types on the faculty have been unavailing . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is quite likely that an even greater area was covered , particularly downwind . (Filtered Words: 0)
that was a nightmarish situation and Low was in his element . (Filtered Words: 0)
They call me Quint '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he rolled on the left side , propping on his left elbow , Matsuo seized his hair and pulled him back over . (Filtered Words: 0)
The precipitate was washed twice with an 80% saturated solution of Af , dissolved in a small quantity of 0.1 M neutral phosphate buffer , dialyzed against cold distilled water till free from ammonium ions , and lyophilized using liquid nitrogen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you indiscriminantly offering unnecessary medical services -- flu shots , sun lamp treatments , etc. ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Another boy's model is the (Filtered Words: 0)
it took them over an hour to get back to the station where they should have changed , in order to take the line that went to the Place Redoute . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poor Cousin Elec , she thought , tears rising to sting in the sun , but why couldn't he have arranged to live through the summer ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the answer to the problem of `` membership delinquency '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All you have to do is ask '' , he retorted hopefully . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chauncey Depew , one-time runner-up for the Republican Presidential nomination , was attending a convention at Saratoga , where he was scheduled to nominate Colonel [FILTERED] for Governor of New York when he noticed that the temporary chairman was a man he had never met . (Filtered Words: 1)
B'dikkat had turned to the next knot of people when the super-condamine hit [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
My , you look chipper '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They tried to sell 'em on economy and simple merit . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
By supporting the efforts of the many faculty members who are working to attain ever higher standards , the president can encourage faculty leadership . (Filtered Words: 0)
this in the name of equitable discretion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make criss-cross gashes on one side of skinless frankfurters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The north-bound entrance to the Expressway at 14th Street will be closed during the afternoon rush traffic hours this week . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another snarled close overhead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have a talk with your insurance agent . (Filtered Words: 0)
instead of a necktie he wore a leather bolo drawn through a golden ring in which was set a lump of pale pure jade . (Filtered Words: 0)
All crystalline substances and other solid-state materials . (Filtered Words: 0)
Equipment : (Filtered Words: 0)
The carrots sometimes don't make it through the winter ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It provides a natural transition into the life of the local church and its organizations . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know another Negro , a man very dear to me , who says , with conviction and with truth , `` The spirit of the South is the spirit of America '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Corollary . (Filtered Words: 0)
A short time later , [FILTERED] stomped into the dressing room . (Filtered Words: 1)
particularly the scholarship fund . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , the bright vision of the future has been directly stated in science fiction concerned with projecting ideal societies -- science fiction , of course , is related , if sometimes distantly , to that utopian literature optimistic about science , literature whose period of greatest vigor in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries produced [FILTERED] [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] A Modern Utopia . (Filtered Words: 3)
Most of us brush our teeth by hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was waiting for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
We think differently . (Filtered Words: 0)
a trial balloon to test the aesthetic climate of the times ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was big . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is publicly on record as believing Mr. [FILTERED] should be replaced for the good of the party . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the south it ended sharply as though the lava had been cut off there suddenly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poor winds and fog locked her up in a harbor the crew called `` Lousie Bay '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The total heat loss through the anode holder included also the heat conducted through the base of the cylindrical piece into the adjacent metal parts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five miles . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] does not caricature him , as some actors have been inclined to do . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] relented , he did not order his men to apply the torch -- the drove of livestock was driven up the valley , via Beverly , and across the mountains to feed and serve the Confederate army , while [FILTERED] and his raiders turned toward Buckhannon to join forces with Imboden . (Filtered Words: 1)
A similar amateurish characteristic is revealed in Adams' failure to check the accuracy and authenticity of his informational sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a whirling jump , it could get into gear . (Filtered Words: 0)
10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Analogously , anyone who argues that [FILTERED]'s theory of gravitation is simpler than Newton's , must say rather more to explain how it is that the latter is mastered by student-physicists , while the former can be managed ( with difficulty ) only by accomplished experts . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since the constitution forbids introduction of a tax bill at a fiscal session , the administration will either have to cut down expenses or inflate its estimates of anticipated revenues . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jurors said they realize `` a proportionate distribution of these funds might disable this program in our less populous counties '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It changes the answers on builder-dealer relations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Christiana Securities Company and Delaware Realty & Investment Company , major stockholders in Du Pont , and the stockholders of Delaware were dealt with specially by provisions requiring the annual sale by a trustee , again over a ten-year period , of Du Pont's General Motors stock allocable to them , as well as any General Motors stock which Christiana and Delaware owned outright . (Filtered Words: 0)
The truck was hurtling forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 , the operation of the model (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately the hole was found at last and plugged . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a knight of the Round Table , `` Sir Quintus the Brave '' , slaying evil spirits and banshees and vampires and witches with warty noses . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the price was the silence of the grave for all criticism or opposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cited , as an example , how the American camera industry has been able to meet successfully the competition of Japan despite lower Japanese labor costs , by improving its production know-how and technology . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one came '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
All these evaluations are then totted up and tabulated , by adding up the Hits and Significants , with the weight placed on those in the sitter's own reading . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood there , towering over them all : gentle , mighty , determined , the moving force in the group ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The principal potential advantage would be that the finished product could be transported and stored at lower cost under refrigeration instead of being frozen . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance : (Filtered Words: 0)
The results of present observations of the thermal radio emission of the moon are consistent with the very low thermal conductivity of the surface layer which was derived from the variation in the infrared emission during eclipses ( e.g. , Garstung , 1958 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
the sly female cowbirds took instant advantage of nests without sentinels . (Filtered Words: 0)
She turned to him again . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a cop patrolling the road Muller would have to be inside a building -- if he was here at all , and not waiting for the prime minister somewhere between this street and the terminal building at La Guardia Airport . (Filtered Words: 0)
About all that remains to be said is that the present selection , most of which appeared first in The New Yorker , comprises ( as usual ) a slightly unstrung necklace , held together by little more than a slender thread cunningly inserted in the spine of the book . (Filtered Words: 0)
The invariant lines are the lines of the congruence of secants of **zg , since each of these meets Q in two points which are invariant . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the bullets whacked home before he finished his battle cry and [FILTERED] fell dead . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is not anywhere on the frontiers of freedom a more highly mobilized force for liberation . (Filtered Words: 0)
I guess he wants to ask you some questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
And then I put the question as pointedly as I could directly to [FILTERED] : `` In America '' , I said , `` practically no one believes that you subjectively intend to re-enter the Mainland . (Filtered Words: 1)
You certainly can't expect the infield to do any better than it did last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
and ( 5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
When she was finished she pushed it back . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are less vocal now , when it is the West Berliners who are migrating . (Filtered Words: 0)
The John E. Mitchell Co. began work in Dallas in 1928 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It doesn't take a [FILTERED] to tell you what's wrong with Cherokee Textile's slogan ( Pitney-Bowes Objects '' , July 1 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
You can relive history and follow , in fancy , the Crusaders in their quest for the Holy Grail as they sail out from Brindisi , an ancient town in the heel of Italy's boot . (Filtered Words: 0)
For grant to the Government of India under subsection ( E ) of Section 104 of the Act , the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may from time to time be mutually agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Pa don't care about the kid '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , however , highly suggestive and agrees well with our own findings in which we also failed to demonstrate normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery shunts in certain species , especially the dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bursts into flames (Filtered Words: 0)
He planted the pansy seeds himself , buying them from a pansy specialist . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm used to all three , but I think the French have the healthiest attitude '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
An idea , let us say , may be roughly defined as a theme or topic with which our reflection may be concerned . (Filtered Words: 0)
The former receives its legitimacy from the latter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apart from the standard problem of controlling the vaginal muscles , other serious barriers may exist that need special gynecological treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maneuvers over , the 7th returned to garrison duty in Tokyo , Captain [FILTERED] still with them . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yeah , keen '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But of course , with pleasure '' , he replied . (Filtered Words: 0)
SMU will play the Owls at Rice Stadium in Houston in a night game Saturday , Oct. 21 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would spring bolt upright suddenly after sitting quietly with inaction , because something had boiled over in his fermenting juices . (Filtered Words: 0)
Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
therefore , only with precise foreknowledge of the line frequencies is an astronomical search for the radio spectra of these molecules feasible . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also spoke of `` the wealth piled by the bondsman's two hundred and fifty years in unrequited toil '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , I'm telling you , it'll be turned down -- you don't understand the System yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
His superiors had said that all marines were depraved . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Song Of Kazan , in which this figure becomes a wild-sounding accompaniment , fills in the picture of undisciplined high spirits . (Filtered Words: 0)
Debate on the all-important foreign-aid bill , with its controversial long-range proposals , had just begun on the Senate floor at the weekend . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Twenty-five '' , the sheik replied . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gave her an opportunity to ring down the curtain with the petulant admonition that we should not presume to lecture her on Abstraction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The audience had come not to be entertained but to judge . (Filtered Words: 0)
She could easily understand why the two men had been startled to find a strange girl in the back seat of their car ( she had figured that out ) , but she couldn't understand their subsequent actions . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the winter , hibachi in the kitchen or grill over the logs of the fireplace . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the result of it all was , E.G.T. partner [FILTERED] believes , an effective distribution of the stock to owners all over the nation . (Filtered Words: 1)
I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED] realized , was her own woman . (Filtered Words: 2)
As artists , they were very similar . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' , Wilson said quickly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that it is all funny , by any means , though some of it is definitely so , but simply that the dancers are young and handsome , high-spirited and communicative , and the program itself is as vivacious as it is varied . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remember , when the little hand is straight up that's negative . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was looking out at the garden . (Filtered Words: 0)
He gave a short hard laugh and looked at her knowingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Haney scowled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he said , `` Never noticed it before I mean , when she was dressed but for a woman her age , Julia had a real fine figure '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally he learned through the grapevine that the culprit might be one [FILTERED] in Pope County . (Filtered Words: 1)
Only one house on the street had no lawn before it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its entire complement of non-commissioned officers on the platoon level had departed as cadre for another unit , and its vehicles were still those used in the drive across Luzon in World War 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
the desperate agony of goal-line stands . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] are controllers , Mrs. [FILTERED] is treasurer and Mrs. [FILTERED] is in charge of admittance for the dancing at 9 P.m. . (Filtered Words: 3)
Olgivanna -- in her country the nickname was a respectful form of address -- was not only attractive but shrewd , durable , sensible , and smart . (Filtered Words: 0)
It won't take a minute '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man began to creep in the wrong direction , deceived by a slight rise in the ground ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
One such man once confided to Dr. [FILTERED] , New York psychiatrist , that he preferred to have his wife the sexual aggressor . (Filtered Words: 1)
Types of loans (Filtered Words: 0)
A substantial rise in new orders and sales of durable goods was reported for last month . (Filtered Words: 0)
They come in crisp basket weaves in natural honey hues , along with lacey open weaves with a lustre finish in natural , white , black and a whole range of colors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within half an hour I jumped a six-point buck that hop-skipped through a rhododendron thicket , and I caught him just behind the left foreleg at 60 yards . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is noteworthy about this large group of teen-agers is that , although their attitudes hardly differentiate them from their gentile counterparts , they actually lead their lives in a vast self-enclosed Jewish cosmos with relatively little contact with the non-Jewish world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's do that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sound rose on the other side of the hills , vanished and rose again and he could imagine the mad , disheveled hoofs of the Appaloosas , horses the white men once had called the Dogs of Hell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Speak to me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their mid-thirties . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was Papa's chosen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In time she presents her aristocratic husband with a coal-black child . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 (Filtered Words: 0)
The three volumes brought to the fore a characteristic of [FILTERED]'s prose which remained conspicuous through his later works -- a genius for describing military action with clarity and with authority . (Filtered Words: 1)
But in a new development where everything starts from scratch the solutions are simple . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rodent control work for the 10-year period will be aimed at control of the most serious infestations of harmful rodents , such as porcupines and mice , on high-value areas of forage and commercial timberlands . (Filtered Words: 0)
she would talk to him in a soothing voice about things his mother would have said were not nice and put her hands on him and kiss him passionately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then there had been the auction itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
( I ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of us brush our teeth by hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
They cantered down the peninsula , not slackening until the coach reached Woodside where the Santa Cruz uplands begin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Often the displeased parties interpreted our decision as implying favoritism toward the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why not open your heart to the Lord Jesus Christ now , accept Him as your Saviour and let Him fill you with peace that only He can give . (Filtered Words: 0)
There his vote , along with those of Chairman [FILTERED] , the courtly Virginia judge , and the four Republican members , could and often did produce a 6-6 deadlock that blocked far-out , Democratic-sponsored welfare legislation ( a tactic often acceptable to the Rayburn-Johnson congressional leadership to avoid embarrassing votes ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
position your components before you close them in . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dissection of scientific theory , the examination of a theory from the vantage-points of language , epistemology , and ethics , is itself a distinct contribution to knowledge , no less so because of its removal from empirical research . (Filtered Words: 0)
He paused . (Filtered Words: 0)
and **yb is the angle the resultants make with the plane of the substrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hell , I jist got on top of -- '' (Filtered Words: 0)
This leads to efforts at exclusiveness through private schools and to the maintenance of social stratification in the schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] won't stand for this . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I thought I'd smooth things over through [FILTERED] '' , [FILTERED] said miserably . (Filtered Words: 2)
I was at least conscious of the distinction in my full Yokuts presentation that awaits publication , in which , in listing ' Two-Stem Meanings ' , I set off by asterisks those forms in which N of stem B was Af of stem A/3 , the unasterisked ones standing for Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was really quite simple . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wants to pay you a visit . (Filtered Words: 0)
The modern Negro has not made a decisive debut into Southern fiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or the mildly epigrammatic utterance ( also a quotation ) : `` Woman's place is in the wrong '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At a reception for new members of Congress , Oregon Democrat [FILTERED] , taking the Senate seat held by her husband [FILTERED] until his death last March , got a brotherly buss from Democratic Elder Statesman [FILTERED] , U.S. Ambassador-designate to the U.N. . (Filtered Words: 3)
He birdied the 13th , the 15th and the 18th -- five birdies , one bogey and 12 pars for a 68 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dweller at p is last to hear about a new cure , the slowest to announce to his neighbors his urgent distresses , the one who goes the farthest to trade , and the one with the greatest difficulty of all in putting over an idea or getting people to join him in a cooperative effort . (Filtered Words: 0)
The suit was filed later in the day in Common Pleas Court 7 against the Hughes company and two bonding firms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thayer folded it up and offered a drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] reported that the orchestra had hastily rehearsed `` Cradle Song '' in case it was needed . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What shall we do with this one ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He has become in this half century the grand old man of American history . (Filtered Words: 0)
undertake economic studies and surveys to determine present and prospective costs of producing water for beneficial consumptive purposes in various parts of the United States by the leading saline water processes as compared with other standard methods . (Filtered Words: 0)
SBA offers Administrative Management Courses , which are designed to improve the management efficiency and `` know-how '' of small business concerns within a community . (Filtered Words: 0)
Col. [FILTERED] was one of New Orleans' most important and enlightened slave owners . (Filtered Words: 1)
the USGA Open in Birmingham from June 15-17 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The eyes always held Hague , eyes of a dead man , lidless as a lizard's , with the fixed intensity of a cobra . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet nationalism has lost few of its charms for the historian , writer or man in the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED]'s invitation to the Spanish-born master said , `` We feel your performance as one of the world's greatest artists would lend distinction to the entertainment of our guests '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Physique contests are rarely won on muscle size alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Idols' idols : (Filtered Words: 0)
Too bad , [FILTERED] thought . (Filtered Words: 1)
That way he can truck his parts right indoors and unload them under the roof . (Filtered Words: 0)
He arraigned the citizens in language of so little courtesy that they had to respond with , at the least , resentment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel talked to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said this constituted a `` very serious misuse '' of the Criminal court processes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her face was very thin , and burned by the sun until much of the skin was dead and peeling , the new skin under it red and angry . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would wake up in the middle of the night and fret about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leaves were burning somewhere and the smoke smelled , for all its ammoniac acidity , of beginnings . (Filtered Words: 0)
The evaporative cooler had been moved to [FILTERED]'s room , and her door was kept shut ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
All the flooring and the storage [FILTERED] is half-inch exterior fir plywood . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a cold and calculated look . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then it is a matter of pleasure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Microscopically , sections from the posterior base of the left ventricle of the heart showed several large areas of replacement of muscle by fibrous tissue . (Filtered Words: 0)
The major defensive problems are concerned with the possibility of overt military delivery of biological agents from appropriate disseminating devices . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wanted to go to college , too '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I like the tradition '' , a girl said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thank you , Keith '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The altercation in the coffee house had done little to dampen his spirits , but he was still a little wary around Rector for they had not yet discussed the incident . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has been said that when local government revenues were mostly produced locally from the property tax , the lack of a uniform fiscal year was no great handicap ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A runt with narrow shoulders and that brush haircut hell , you'd pass for a juvenile delinquent of the hotrod set . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
A Catholic priest recently recounted how in the chapel of a large city university , following Anglican evensong , at which there was a congregation of twelve , he celebrated Mass before more than a hundred . (Filtered Words: 0)
The way was opening up ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Our understanding of the solar system has taught us to replace our former elaborate rituals with the appropriate action which , in this case , amounts to doing nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
I let up on the accelerator , only to gradually reach again the 60 m.p.h. which would , I hoped , overhaul [FILTERED] and the blonde , and as there were cars whose drivers apparently had something more important to catch than had I , Mrs. [FILTERED] settled down to practicing on Corporal [FILTERED] the kittenish wiles she would need when making her duty call on Colonel and Mrs. [FILTERED] in Sante Fe . (Filtered Words: 4)
These battens are glued and screwed to the frames . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather he weighs each phonologic fact in the light of its orthographic usefulness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This showed that common sense had not died out at the county and village level -- though why the unhappy and obviously unbalanced woman was not restrained remains a puzzle . (Filtered Words: 0)
dashed hope (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was `` Duty '' he said that his parents had given him as a rule -- beyond even the love that suffused his being and the sense of humor with which he was largely supplied -- and it was duty he would perform , though it cost him acute pain and exhausted him by the age of fifty . (Filtered Words: 0)
To kayo him and maybe or maybe not kill . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were sailing round the Cape of Good Hope ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Her first day at work she was puzzled by an entry in the doctor's notes on an emergency case . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was all Greg had time to see . (Filtered Words: 0)
I will be the one to confront my daughter , not the wife of him who leads her to sin '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stood alone on a red-clay road as storm clouds gathered ominously in the sky again . (Filtered Words: 1)
He dropped his own beside it . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Nov. 11 , 12 , racers will drive their flying shingles in 5-mile laps over its 500-mile speedboat course . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dallas (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't forget to have a supply of Melamine plates , bowls , cups , saucers , and platters for outdoor use . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we grasp this opportunity to build an age of productive partnership between the less fortunate nations and those that have already achieved a high state of economic advancement , we will make brighter the outlook for a world order based upon security and freedom . (Filtered Words: 0)
P.S. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wait until my shot . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter tried to arbitrate through a delegation from Providence , which offer was declined by the invaders . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A fat hell on Big Hans . (Filtered Words: 0)
Further , the corpuscular radiation , i.e. , the solar-wind protons , must sputter away the surface atoms of the dust and cause a slow diminution in size , with a resultant increase in both the Poynting-Robertson effect and the ratio of the repulsive force to the gravitational force . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The town of [FILTERED]'s only about six miles from here . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was tired beyond almost the limits of his flesh . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even in its present form , however , the first part of [FILTERED]'s unrecoverable novel is among the greatest works of mid-twentieth century literature ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
their maid gave him an envelope with a check in it and shut the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
therefore we need guardians to demonstrate against the ghastly stupidity of nuclear weapons and jolt the people out of their complacency '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( P. 214 ) anti-trust laws became the greatest protection to uncontrolled business dictatorship . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
There is always an open market for this sort of delicacy , in spite of low calorie diets , cottage cheese and hands-off-all-sweets to the contrary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Easier access . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps a street musician will pass to add that extra touch . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We had to do something '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I get no readings from them at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , it should be noted that the polytonal freedom of his melodies and harmonic modulations , the brilliant orchestrations , the adroitness for evading the heaviness of figured bass , the skill in florid counterpoint were not lost in his mature output , even in the spectacular historical dramas of the stage and cinema , where a large , dramatic canvas of sound was required . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems to me , the first thing you've got to do , to be happy , is to face up to your problems , no matter what they may be . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
The only other works at least technically original were dreary farces -- Send Me No [FILTERED] ( closed ) , Under [FILTERED] , Critic's Choice . (Filtered Words: 2)
Soon the child , the dog , the cat and even the cheese , all joined them out there in the circle . (Filtered Words: 0)
But don't try to stop me , either '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the audience saw a small , dim figure appear at the edge of the Presidential box . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remove lid from head of mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can get a job working in a grocery store , if nothing else '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
time and economic security ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Although biopsies have shown structural changes in some of the reported cases of steroid-induced weakness , this case provides the only example known to us in which necropsy afforded the opportunity for extensive study of multiple muscle groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
I got a coin between my thumb and forefinger , leaned my elbows in a very natural and casual manner on top of the truck cab and flipped my little missile . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] ( Pride Of Palomar , 43 ) informed us in 1921 that we had an instinctive dislike for the Japanese , did the heated debates of the Californians settle the truth or falsity of the proposition ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Printed material (Filtered Words: 0)
Clerfayt of `` Heaven Has No Favorites '' resembles Portago only in that he is male and a race-driver -- quite a bad race-driver , whereas Portago was a good one . (Filtered Words: 0)
We found no obvious effects due to preferred orientation of the crystallites in this sample nor would we expect to on the basis of the shape found from electron microscopic examination . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the only answer that reached him was the screeching of the porch rail from her leg moving against it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also drew precise crisp spots , which he sold to various literary and artistic journals , The New Yorker , for instance , or Esquire . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the frequent and rancorous verbal bouts , `` uncalled for and unjustifiable , from the retort discourteous to the lie direct '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I drew back . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are the result of a constant and careful contest with the elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of them were then covered with a drop of Af in a moist chamber at 24-degrees for 30 - 40 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
a modulation described as `` almost a stroke of genius '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , he had only mentioned him on the spur of the moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
A full description of the DIOCS , DTF , and DUF statements is contained in the 7070 Data Processing System Bulletin `` IBM 7070 Input/Output Control System '' , form Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
He came out alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is a closed book , a picture I keep on my bureau , but never look at . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's go , Marshal '' , [FILTERED] said , and took him by the arm . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pittsburgh turned him down , just as Pittsburgh society had been snubbing him for years . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Major decided that , rather than be led , the slugger could lead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of this , I had no doubt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps one day He will choose you as He chose me , long ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
and five grandchildren . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mailings and publications (Filtered Words: 0)
It has erupted on the national level in the matter of including birth-control information and material in foreign aid to underdeveloped countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Research : (Filtered Words: 0)
Where are you , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
As daylight began to show through the frosty windows , Fogg would place a call to [FILTERED] at the U. S. Weather Station at Northfield , Vermont , for temperature and wind-velocity readings . (Filtered Words: 1)
He expected Democrats to do their duty when it had been patiently pointed out to them . (Filtered Words: 0)
to sew seams with backstitch : (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the Communese reply came back from many mouthpieces with striking consistency . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , your honor '' , replied Bellows . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] vigorously pounded two bleached steer bones against the gourd which served as his drum . (Filtered Words: 1)
The practice of state-owned vehicles for use of employees on business dates back over forty years . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mechanism of action of these drugs has not been completely worked out , but certain of them appear to act by reducing the oxidised form of iodine before it can iodinate thyroglobulin ( Astwood , 1954 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outline plans for the entire service . (Filtered Words: 0)
Florida provides tropical scenes unequalled in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is , in fact , the only college in the Ivy group . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was , of course , in the House for a very long time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't you see what you have done '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Sprouting is a naturally occurring phenomenon in stored potatoes , onions , carrots , beets , and similar root vegetables . (Filtered Words: 0)
in the spacious hunting grounds of `` Uncle Sam '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
State governments have been taking the lead in establishing area vocational schools , but their focus is still on area job opportunities . (Filtered Words: 0)
and yet remain unmoved '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If sold then , the land and improvements might bring only $5,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
for example , gamma rays give deeper penetration but cannot be focused or collimated , whereas unidirectional electron beams may be split and directed to both the top and bottom of the food package to be irradiated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Extreme cases are on record in which the doctor has had to use instruments to cut through the hymen to permit marital relations to be consummated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Die Frist ist um , und wiederum verstrichen sind sieben [FILTERED] , the Maestro quoted The Flying Dutchman , as he told of his career and wanderings , explaining that the number seven had significantly recurred in his life several times . (Filtered Words: 1)
What we need is more vocational training in high schools , not more dropouts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , it may be possible to estimate the error due to bias in method ( as distinguished from sampling error ) in each of these sources , on such subjects as fertility , mortality , and migration during a given interval by using information from two largely independent sources in conjunction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually questions from the floor were directed to the non-Catholic speaker or discussion leader . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently this is not the time and the climate in which people will listen objectively , or at least dispassionately , to individual impressions of a subject which preoccupies a good deal of their waking moments . (Filtered Words: 0)
In these shelters the entrance should be not more than 2 feet wide . (Filtered Words: 0)
U.S. `` prestige '' (Filtered Words: 0)
It was on the eve of a momentous U.N. session to come to grips with cold war issues . (Filtered Words: 0)
The kitchen was jammed . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you have a higher-quality product , how can you make it stand out -- justify its premium price -- without the spoken word ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Condensation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl looked around quickly at several of the people . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the final analysis , then , the user becomes either a bull or a bear in a given instance , notwithstanding any amount of forethought and calculation , however elaborate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her coarse hair was two-colored -- bleached blonde and its real , dirty gray . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other four states end on varying dates : Alabama ( Sept. 30 ) , New York ( March 31 ) , Pennsylvania ( May 31 ) , and Texas ( August 31 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
A check for $4,177.37 representing the last payment of a $50,000 federal grant to Rhode Island Hospital was presented to the hospital administrator , [FILTERED] , yesterday by Governor [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
It is not a substitute for sex but a dynamic expression of the creative impulse in unfettered man . (Filtered Words: 0)
All model cars are not available in all countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the rest of your name '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The various team sports assuredly have their place in every school , and they are important to proper physical development . (Filtered Words: 0)
Owing to the restrained usages characteristic of 19th-century America , these letters usually were stereotyped and revealed little depth of feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am sure that they did when [FILTERED] was President . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of course , while in this vicinity you won't want to miss a visit to Mount Rushmore National Memorial where on the side of a mountain are the famous sculptures of Presidents Washington , Lincoln , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
But , obviously , at least some things have changed for the better in Russia so far as the ballet is concerned . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are tempted to blame others for our problems rather than look them straight in the face and realize they are of our own making and possible of solution only by ourselves with the help of desperately needed , enlightened , competent leaders . (Filtered Words: 0)
We do not arrive at spatial images by means of the sense of touch by itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The BOD in the effluent averaged 58 mg/l , a 76-per-cent reduction over the 24-hr. period . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pathetic evidence is no longer before us ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What is the common man's complaint ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They involve only simple mathematics that are taught in grammar school arithmetic classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] Ludwick have had as guests Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , of `` Kimbolton House '' , Rockhall , Md. . (Filtered Words: 2)
The kid hit the bigger man with an audible thwump ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The killer , if in our present group , would certainly be interested in knowing that much , and even though with the fingerprint evidence what it was I could see no way he could use this bit of information to improve on his situation , there might always be some way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guests will be treated to Gulf Coast scenic effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , the observational reasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
It recalls to mind the quest of olden times for the fountain of youth , a quest heavily invested in , during the days of wooden ships . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you file Form 1040A and the District Director computes your tax , any refund to which you are entitled will be mailed to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
She had to clean the glass on the display cases in the butcher shop , help her brother scrub the cutting tables with wire brushes , mop the floors , put down new sawdust on the floors and help check the outgoing orders . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't know whether he was after our rider , who had gone by a minute before , or whether he was simply scouting conditions ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He lifted a screeching war whoop . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man leaned against a tree and wiped a sleeve across his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
And no doubt many people in states like the Carolinas and Georgia , which were among the most Tory in sentiment in the eighteenth century , bitterly regretted the revolt against the Crown . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the morning of September 10 , 1895 , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] rose at dawn and began their day's work . (Filtered Words: 2)
This day was `` Open House for Parents '' day , and the girls were busy preparing exhibits and arranging tea tables . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nor crazy relatives . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they'd been working on a bottle or a jug he'd have taken it with him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's all over Branchville . (Filtered Words: 0)
What if the marines never came ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten years older than [FILTERED] , he had clawed his way up from mucker in the pits to manager of the operation . (Filtered Words: 1)
But [FILTERED] and Capone had graver cause to hate and distrust the Irishman . (Filtered Words: 1)
7-5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Sane Society is an ambitious work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Incidentally , 14th Street and the Expressway is the high accident intersection during daylight hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether he sang well or badly had nothing to do with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` By God '' , [FILTERED] said , `` we don't want to upset the boy at this time of all times . (Filtered Words: 1)
A capsule view of proposed plans includes : (Filtered Words: 0)
The rural land use study is being carried out under contract by the University of Rhode Island and identifies all agricultural land uses in the state by type of use . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same patterned consistency shows itself in occupational choices . (Filtered Words: 0)
The antagonists came in , one at a time , and did not see or hear the other presentations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Union soldiers grounded arms and settled into healthy , indifferent postures to watch the feeble boarding of the skiffs . (Filtered Words: 0)
She made him sad some days , and he was never sure why ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The alveoli and respiratory bronchioles are primarily diffusing tissues . (Filtered Words: 0)
If A is the major axis of an ellipsoid and B and C are the other two axes , the radius of curvature in the ab plane at the end of the axis Af , and the difference in pressure along the A and B axes is Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Papa's slender fingers removed the spectacles , there were red indentations on the bridge of the strong nose . (Filtered Words: 0)
All [FILTERED] could look forward to was a yellow pill at noon , a salami sandwich for lunch , and a lonely old age -- if he lived that long . (Filtered Words: 1)
U Thant of Burma (Filtered Words: 0)
But he hastened to add that , if United States policies were not always clear , despite Mr. [FILTERED]'s analysis of the various global danger points and setbacks for the West , this may merely mean the new administration has not yet firmly fixed its policy . (Filtered Words: 1)
and overhead projector transparency sets on the subjects of Military Sanitation : First Aid For Soldiers ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Harriet was just as delighted . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the past year , our long-range striking power , unmatched today in manned bombers , has taken on new strength as the [FILTERED] intercontinental ballistic missile has entered the operational inventory . (Filtered Words: 1)
Foster shook his halo . (Filtered Words: 0)
The choice is yours : the revellings and banquetings of this world or quiet communion with God ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In our present era of Science and Angst , the heart has been downgraded , to use one of our popular retrogressive verbs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the negotiations began , his quarrel with the king of France was temporarily in abeyance , and he had no intention of reviving it so long as there was hope that French money would come to pay the troops who , under [FILTERED] , the papal vicar of Tuscany , were so valuable in the crusade against the [FILTERED] cardinals and their Sicilian allies . (Filtered Words: 2)
Warsaw ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The music which [FILTERED] has composed for this episode is for the most part `` rather pretty and perfectly banal '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
( `` What did one tonsil say to the other tonsil ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There have always been tales of disillusionment -- the competent technician who became an administrator , willingly or not , and found he didn't like it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But how could -- ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic pottery studio equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Left in their previous atom-like smallness , they would have cut away too abruptly into depth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We have concluded that petitioner's claims are controlled by the rationale of [FILTERED] v. United States , 348 U.S. 407 ( 1955 ) , and United States v. [FILTERED] , 346 U.S. 1 ( 1953 ) , and therefore affirm the judgment . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Never mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
So we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops , as contrasted to the generalist , who knows less and less about more and more . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] told himself he would forget [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Mines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proprietorships can establish a unity and integrity of control ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , the state with the largest number of Negroes is New York -- not in the South at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
and among works of dystopian science fiction , not all provide intelligent criticism and very few have much merit as literature -- but then real quality has always been scarce in science fiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poor John was the kind of stock that keeps a bargain without whimpering and maybe bends over backward to keep a bad one . (Filtered Words: 0)
West of the Mobile district was the lower Mississippi district , of which New Orleans was headquarters . (Filtered Words: 0)
I grok I shall never be lonely again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've never owned any painting overalls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Going downstairs with the tray , [FILTERED] wished he could have given in to [FILTERED] , but he knew better than to do what she said when she had that little-girl look . (Filtered Words: 2)
I want the captain in charge . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on someone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Isfahan became more of a legend than a place , and now it is for many people simply a name to which they attach their notions of old Persia and sometimes of the East . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may seem to some of them that success can be purchased much less dearly by fishing in the murky waters of international politics than by facing up to the intractable tasks at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gyro angular momentum is defined by H . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dated poems suggest that while Hardy's concern with poetry may have been constant , his production was not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vases : (Filtered Words: 0)
Armed Forces Day Proclamation by [FILTERED] , Jr. , Governor (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Join me in another '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A hypothetical example will illustrate this point . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED]'s area remained as placid as a Florida dawn . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] honors (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Well '' , [FILTERED] said , out of the silence , `` let's get going , dolls and all '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Unlike his younger brother , [FILTERED] , he never presumed to address her more familiarly than as `` My dear friend '' , although he praised and envied the elegance and purity of her style . (Filtered Words: 1)
Teeth again flashing back at me , the driver released a deluge of Spanish in which `` amigo '' appeared every so often like an island in the stormy waves of surrounding sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED]'s bread is so good and everything tastes so much better here that it is hard not to eat too much '' , said the secretary ruefully eyeing her extra pounds . (Filtered Words: 1)
A couple of hundred . (Filtered Words: 0)
and even on subjectivist assumptions that does not seem very bright . (Filtered Words: 0)
New obligational authority for 1961 recommended in this budget for aircraft procurement ( excluding amounts for related research and construction ) totals $4,753 million , which is $1,390 million below that enacted for 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a moment he smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he started to slump over , another warrior swung him onto his horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many other vehicles with smaller sensitive-area exposure-time products contribute some information . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A learned man '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You shall have food , water and rest '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you got my car here '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps they would argue that morality consisted just of that ability to see a choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Time stood still for these people , and their load of pleasure was so commingled with the shocks and pains of the dromozoa that the words of the Lady Da took on very remote meaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
The human body -- he pointed out , for example -- required 33 units of blue light . (Filtered Words: 0)
Faber's Kathy ( Faber Hanover-Ceyway ) 2:37 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the stiff neutral lines of the telephone poles he saw the no-nonsense pen strokes of Aunt Jessica's letter . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the positions of all parties and leaders were constantly shifting . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the Pecks , ten thousand each ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is quite probable , however , that stupidity , inexperience and childish adherence to slogans like `` unconditional surrender '' had more to do with the unsatisfactory settlements at the end of the war than treason or sympathy with Communism . (Filtered Words: 0)
That would be [FILTERED] , I suppose . (Filtered Words: 1)
Only [FILTERED] and his gang stayed where they were . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , unbelievably , was not yet up and about , reassurance that [FILTERED] was human . (Filtered Words: 1)
But tonight his drink tasted like branch water and even his favorite meal of steak and tossed salad gave no surcease from the growing weight of the letter in his pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
His words were the more ungracious to come from a man who lent his name to the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowships dedicated to the same goal of international understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
After it had reappeared the next two nights , [FILTERED] went to higher headquarters and said : (Filtered Words: 1)
He alleged no specific procedural errors or evidence withheld ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus his persistence values for some stem frequencies per meaning are : stem identical in 8 languages , 100% ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Each scene is shot straight through , as had been the universal custom , from a camera fixed in a single position , but in the outdoor scenes , especially in the capture and destruction of the outlaws , [FILTERED]'s camera position breaks , necessarily , with the camera position standard until then , which had been , roughly , that of a spectator in a center orchestra seat at a play . (Filtered Words: 1)
Use mold to cut four side pieces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , the light sources are shielded from dirt and weather exposure and cannot obstruct the view of the sign . (Filtered Words: 0)
His [FILTERED] observes the golden mean . (Filtered Words: 1)
The photochemical exchange occurs with a quantum yield of the order of unity in the liquid phase at 65-degrees using light absorbed only by the Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Surprised , baby ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
it flopped down , sprang back up and gouged my shin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Police said the children's mother , Mrs. [FILTERED] , was visiting next door when the fire occurred . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` All wrong ones '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
organization : (Filtered Words: 0)
On this side of the Bay , Miami Beach cops had no more legal rights than any ordinary citizen , and [FILTERED]'s pistol permit was just as good as theirs . (Filtered Words: 1)
He just shot at the board and then drew circles around the holes to form a bull's-eye . (Filtered Words: 0)
It took a long time before the British tipped the balance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The balance is being budgeted for the coming year . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt more cheerful , as if I had had a part in bringing her through to a greater tolerance of herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked around . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next morning he summoned a group of top Democrats to his private office and broke the news : he would lead the fight to oust [FILTERED] , whom he is said to regard as `` an inferior man '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yes , she had missed it after her talk with [FILTERED] , after dinner , just before [FILTERED] was shot . (Filtered Words: 2)
So what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The scientists , in and out of government , do not agree on some of the most vital points , at least publicly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shouted . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is hard to believe that this mass of intertwined concrete constitutes what the law calls `` the highest and best use '' of centrally located urban land . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Atta boy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only way out of this state of affairs is agreement to abolish nuclear weapons ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Ann thrilled to the sight of a delicate butterfly and two strange tropical birds . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is often a means of locking the quill and , on larger presses , the table can be tilted . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no chance to say another word . (Filtered Words: 0)
10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wait a minute . (Filtered Words: 0)
The policeman's eyes rather popped for a second ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
About 1888 [FILTERED] of Barnumville and [FILTERED] became proprietors of the `` Green Mountain Telegraph Company '' , connecting all offices on the Western Union line and extending over the mountain from Barnumville to Peru , Londonderry , [FILTERED] , Lowell Lake , Windham , North Windham , Grafton , Cambridgeport , Saxton's River , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
They marched with bayonets fixed , and as fixed on their faces was anger , fear , and torment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another teen-ager remarked : `` Most Jews don't believe in God , but they believe in people -- in helping people '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They weren't sleeping , of course , but they thought they were doing him a favor by pretending . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' , she said , almost in a whisper , as if admitting to a crime . (Filtered Words: 0)
7 , (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only should every educator above the rank of instructor be expected to be a member of one of the professional organizations , but his first qualification for membership as an educator should be so sharply scrutinized that membership would be equivalent to certification to teach the subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gray Eyes remained erect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , after slowing the vessel considerably , the drive would adjust to a one-gee deceleration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their answer was : it can be done , and we will do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I will die rich '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Urethane foams (Filtered Words: 0)
This saleslady was a failure in the dress department and was transferred to the shoe department . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now , I'm not going to pick up those shorts '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the Island is sand and is not suitable for living . (Filtered Words: 0)
So sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the matter with the music '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Does the writer know the difference between an `` ersatz '' ballad or tall tale and a true product of the folk ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Ptolemy's problem is to forecast where , against the inverted bowl of night , some particular light will be found at future times . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] , neither crime nor virtue pays ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The young apprentice apparently did well by Mr. [FILTERED] , for in the third year of his apprenticeship [FILTERED] was offered a full partnership in the firm ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Trujillo knew a great deal about assassination . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proof . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] followed her around the room , collecting the small frail objects ( Christmas , birthday , and anniversary ) and wrapping them in tissue paper . (Filtered Words: 1)
But for those which do , the slow growth of the area has a retarding effect on the metropolitan core . (Filtered Words: 0)
The editor of the Daily Journal warned , `` that if such a demonstration be made , it will not find support or countenance from any of the men whose names are recognized as having a right to speak for Providence '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh crap ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That curb parking is undependable and annoying , particularly when it rains '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is really the funeral day of scholastic science . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You are talking foolishly '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally we approached the bivouac of the aborigines . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're too clean . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wexler admitted in earlier court hearings that he issued grand jury subpenas to about 200 persons involved in the election investigation , questioned the individuals in the Criminal courts building , but did not take them before the grand jury . (Filtered Words: 0)
Autocollimator . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American part of the evening consisted of [FILTERED] Dance Overture , [FILTERED] `` Chester '' From `` New England Triptych '' and two works of [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]. 58 , and a Romanza For Strings , [FILTERED]. 56A . (Filtered Words: 5)
Martin said the government has been working to establish firmer prices on primary products which may involve the total income of one country . (Filtered Words: 0)
I really shouldn't have smoked a cigarette so early in the day , thought Theresa , it always makes me sick . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the first part of the Regulation that is currently at issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recently , WWRL won praise for its expose of particular cases of employment agency deceit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Introduction (Filtered Words: 0)
I could send the money right back '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a secret . (Filtered Words: 0)
In closing , Mr. [FILTERED] also wished all the Juniors luck in their Class . (Filtered Words: 1)
Bong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
You're up against it anyhow . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
If he foresaw any problem because of the quality of the hymen , it was recommended that simple procedures be undertaken at once to incise the hymen or , preferably , to dilate it . (Filtered Words: 0)
choruses , chamber music ensembles ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and even on subjectivist assumptions that does not seem very bright . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stared out the window . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trouble was at least partly [FILTERED]'s doing . (Filtered Words: 1)
We sat for a while drinking in silence . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought as warm , drizzling rain touched her face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine each State's population . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now what is perfect motion ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
From the standpoint of the army of duffers , however , this was easily the most heartening exhibition they had had since [FILTERED] fell upon evil ways during his heyday and scored an 11 in the Texas open . (Filtered Words: 1)
References are given at the end of each mineral description and a general index is given at the end of each volume . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early in the present century , [FILTERED] continued the attack with a savage article against Guest . (Filtered Words: 1)
He drove on , wary and shaken . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] evolved a somber style of his own -- and he had few inhibitions about his subject matter . (Filtered Words: 1)
a common habit or uniform prescribed for all citizens ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The small shops `` must be retained , for they provide essential service to the community '' , according to the resolution , which added that they `` also are the source of livelihood for thousands of our neighbors '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Aegean in 800 B.C. (Filtered Words: 0)
These men are considered managers of engineers . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] grinned . (Filtered Words: 1)
This characterizes [FILTERED]'s formulation of geometry , but not Ptolemy's astronomy . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` There is more to the conspiracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The specification of the state of the process stream ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Senate Subcommittee on Reorganization and International Organizations was provided samples of visual aids on first aid and personal health produced by the Medical Illustration Service . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fences stretched on endlessly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had thought no further than finding Muller . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's he complaining about '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Ashamed of our wealth and power , afraid of so-called world opinion and addicted to peace , we have allowed our soft-heartedness to lead to soft-headed policies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , maybe Manas wouldn't call . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Georgia State Chamber of Commerce tried to guard against the danger of eliminating potential candidates . (Filtered Words: 0)
The way she strutted down the street , the Old Man would have been blind not to have noticed both . (Filtered Words: 0)
In short , the traditional epithet for [FILTERED] of ' Lady of Christ's ' , while eminently fitting , rests only on this baffling passage in the midst of the most treacherous piece of writing [FILTERED] left us . (Filtered Words: 1)
If she has not had such experiences , the female's normal adolescent degree of indecision will be compounded . (Filtered Words: 0)
To relieve the itch and sweat galls , the men got into the water whenever they could and since each sizable stream was generally the dividing line between the armies the pickets declared a private truce while the men went swimming . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' At Veterans Memorial Auditorium . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first thing he knew the words `` Garryowen '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
By spring it would be a skeleton . (Filtered Words: 0)
In orchestration , he stretches the limits of instrumentation with good judgment and a fine imagination for color . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why , what a lovely voice you have '' , said one of the female visitors . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a weakness of [FILTERED]'s analysis that he never seems to realize that his so-called fundamental law had already been cut loose from its foundations when it was adapted to democracy . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` That's none of your business '' , she said , then changed the subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thin man stopped his pacing long enough to glance at the clock . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that time the second half of the Christian Youth Crusade against Communism will be staged . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine was alone , for they were impatient people and by now would have vied to knock him from the tree . (Filtered Words: 0)
They lapsed into silence , and the freight wallowed up a hill , scooted down the other side , shaking and clanking to itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The gods seemed to think sex pretty important '' , she rebutted . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
For an instant John longed for the sound of the bells of Noyon-la-Sainte , the touch of his mother's hand , the lilt of [FILTERED]'s voice in the square raftered rooms , his father's bass tones rumbling to the canons , and the sight of the beloved bishop . (Filtered Words: 1)
She stood sipping and chewing and watching . (Filtered Words: 0)
From actions aboard , it is easy to guess that [FILTERED]'s boast of twenty staunch followers was a modest estimate '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The horses moved at a clump ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This time more of them hurdled the barrier . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was not enough room to make the usual vertical bomb run . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have the insurance company or your own accounting department break down the cost of your insurance package periodically . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leningrad's Kirov Ballet , famous for classic purity of technique , begins its first U.S. tour in New York ( through Sept. 30 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Article 5 , consultation (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll have one of the boys get it '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The old [FILTERED] mine '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was doing very well , too , having reached the center , and was pursuing its way with commendable singleness of purpose when Mr. [FILTERED] saw hazard approaching in the shape of a flashy little sports car . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'm a missionary '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This slip is so-called because its semi-ambiguous English always seems to refer to a person's anatomy but never quite means what it seems to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
It also makes a fine introduction to the international art form with good examples of Italian and English madrigals plus several French `` chansons '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are mostly upper-middle- and lower-middle-class people , with a few in the upper class . (Filtered Words: 0)
The long-range objective is to hold the damage from destructive agencies below the level which would seriously interfere with intensive management of the National Forest System under principles of multiple use and high-level sustained yield of products and services . (Filtered Words: 0)
This operation requires from 10 to 12 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here again it was vacation time and there were many things I could not see , but I was able to visit with a professor who is famous in Japanese circles and be guided through the grounds by his assistant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even earlier Haverfield had come to the same conclusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stop the engines '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
organization : (Filtered Words: 0)
that their questions indicate a genuine interest in social processes and events ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Buster would solve that quarterback problem just as we head that way '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cow owned by an old woman trespassed on [FILTERED]'s land . (Filtered Words: 1)
The maid answered and he decided Nancy must be at work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] will entertain the members of her Book Club on Tuesday . (Filtered Words: 1)
but the nicest thing about their relationship was her whisper to him , repeated some thousands of time , repeated with smiles and hope , `` People never live forever '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other speakers for the fund-raising dinner include Reps. [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , Labor Commissioner [FILTERED] and Mayor [FILTERED] , all Democrats . (Filtered Words: 4)
For instance , the Edwin Pauleys Jr. , formerly of [FILTERED]. , are now at home on North Arden Dr. in Beverly Hills . (Filtered Words: 1)
You are likely to be nearer the truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heavy industry , slanted toward inexhaustible government coffers , attracted him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some members of the bee family have become idlers , social parasites that live at the expense of their hardworking relatives . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had no desire to linger himself but Hub reported that the mob outside was still large despite the efforts of the police to disperse them . (Filtered Words: 1)
Only a few days after moving into the White House . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides being most convenient , the line `` soon proved a good investment for the owners '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] returned to California in the winter of 1944 , it was to take up again a collaboration with [FILTERED] , begun some years before . (Filtered Words: 2)
The author of the anonymous notes seemed to be all-knowing . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the liaison successfully started in the last days of autumn was now languishing . (Filtered Words: 0)
They greeted the news angrily , as though they had been cheated of purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vandiver likely will mention the $100 million highway bond issue approved earlier in the session as his first priority item . (Filtered Words: 0)
Madden took up this point with [FILTERED] , who shrugged it off . (Filtered Words: 1)
The cabins are equipped with bunks , blankets , and cooking equipment and are ideal bases for hikes and skiing trips . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fighters were separated in a few minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents-per-hour cost in wages . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was like a long thin line drawn through a pink circle . (Filtered Words: 0)
That third year he wrote plays with a fury . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note that we need not know the value of p , for the experiment to be binomial . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is she who says aye or nay to the intimate questions of sexual technique and mechanics -- not the husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Floridian stated that his officers were `` not fit to tote guts to a bear '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The simple treaty principle that [FILTERED] was asking him to ratify , in short , was nothing less than total trust . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] believed that much . (Filtered Words: 1)
I stiffened . (Filtered Words: 0)
A match flared , and he reached above his head to light a lantern which hung from a wire loop . (Filtered Words: 0)
For nearly a year , they have been receiving counseling , separately and together , in an effort to understand and overcome the antagonisms which had given rise to the possibility of divorce . (Filtered Words: 0)
across the land . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides Francesca , there was Blanche . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has no experience with this veteran's previous medical record . (Filtered Words: 0)
and when school closed , she was unable to travel to Massachusetts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Life-preservers , the buckle-on kapok-filled kind , are held in readiness , too , for the very young . (Filtered Words: 0)
What should one say ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The formula for this step is : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
individually they are nearly as mortal as you -- the difference does not seem very marked to us , where it exists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , he's so darling and '' (Filtered Words: 0)
But this one was . (Filtered Words: 0)
From a pen of wild bulls one would be released , and with much yellin' a cowhand'd take after 'im . (Filtered Words: 0)
With contemporary English changing with the rapidity that marks this jet age , some of the words and phrases of the new version may themselves soon become archaic . (Filtered Words: 0)
So you turn around '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also fine are [FILTERED] , as a mother more protective and belligerent than a female spider and just as destructive , [FILTERED] , as her scratchy spouse , and [FILTERED] , as a vegetable in human form . (Filtered Words: 3)
( This patient , in actuality , was a neurasthenic who had almost come to the point of accepting the fact that it was not her soma but her psyche that was the cause of her difficulty . (Filtered Words: 0)
His repeated experimentation with the techniques of fiction testifies to an independence of mind and an originality of approach , but it also shows him touching at many points the stream of literary development back of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
far from it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
At last they concluded that the heavy , full feeling in their stomachs was due to lack of exercise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Local embodiment of the whole (Filtered Words: 0)
The diagonalizable operator is the special case of this in which Af for each i . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] continued in business by himself , quickly rebuilding the establishment which had been lost in the fire and beginning those first steps which were to establish him as a pioneer in raising the standards of accuracy of machine shop practice throughout the world . (Filtered Words: 1)
The interviews have led each of them to a new appreciation of the problems confronting the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
There need be no squeamishness about admitting this . (Filtered Words: 0)
Confused and divided though this tradition may be , it is an important part of the social and cultural heritage of the group , and acts as a means of socialization , particularly for members of the rural community . (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] now has poems as well as ballads written for her . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is the real protagonist of the drama ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Better to have your equipment slightly undersized than too big . (Filtered Words: 0)
These , he said , are `` two of the principal underlying causes for family breakups leading to ADC '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't want Alfred to leave me trouble because that's all it would be , and Alfred understood . (Filtered Words: 0)
So we hurried over . (Filtered Words: 0)
My father went as a missionary to China in a generation that responded to Student Volunteer Movement speakers who held watches in their hands and announced to the students in their audiences how many Chinese souls were going to hell each second because these students were not over there saving them . (Filtered Words: 0)
They become increasingly willing to accept the price increase that the industry claims the wage bargain would entail . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the president , a master plan looking ahead five years ( the maximum reach for sound forecasting ) , offers several practical advantages . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had apparently been alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the men in the instrument-jammed bomber cockpits , submarine compartments and the antiseptic , windowless rooms that would be the foxholes of tomorrow's impersonal intercontinental wars , the questions seem farfetched . (Filtered Words: 0)
Talleyrand passed his New York law office one night on the way to a party . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dipylon pottery (Filtered Words: 0)
They recommended , also , that `` at a fixed hour , let the entire family be assembled for night prayers , followed by a short reading of the Holy Scriptures '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some have lovely homes -- some live in small apartments . (Filtered Words: 0)
( cf. McGlynn : 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had come as no great surprise to Matson that the hot water in the showers didn't work , that Loren Severe had thrown up all over the stairs , or that some thieving bastard of a cop had walked off with his cigarettes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man , [FILTERED] said , explained that it was not only too long and detailed but that as it stood it wasn't the sort of thing the public wanted . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s lifetime batting average of is 11 points beyond [FILTERED]'s . (Filtered Words: 2)
He need only pick up one of the two red telephone receivers at his extreme left , right next to the big red button marked alert . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hotel people will have scoured and vacuumed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first few days [FILTERED] set his plane down on Towne field back of the State House when the wind was right , and used Wilson flat above [FILTERED] when it wasn't . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] was there , nephew of the young chief by an older brother long dead , in whom also the disordered chemistries of youth worked . (Filtered Words: 1)
You pay your money and you take your choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
The quiescent level of centimeter wave-length solar radiation would increase the average disk brightness temperature by less than 1-degree . (Filtered Words: 0)
Treatment of the above diseases : 350 milligrams per head per day for 30 days only . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not long ago an acquaintance , a slick-headed water rat of a lad up from the maw of the city , stood on the balcony puffing his first cigarette in weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cathode consisted of a 1/4'' '' diameter thoriated tungsten rod attached to a water cooled copper tube . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shy , actually , he avoided feminine overtures and seemed truly ignorant of the girls' desires when they sought to make liaisons with him in the open fields , in carriages and in boathouses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another person inside with a weight against each batten will help in the fastening . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a group of thermometers was obtained and calibrated at the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although today's trucks are as fast as passenger cars , a truck driver has to be a sensible person and guard against hogging the road . (Filtered Words: 0)
Debutante Miss [FILTERED] will be feted at luncheon this Tuesday at which the hostess will be Mrs. [FILTERED] of Waveland , Miss. . (Filtered Words: 2)
four rings , a watch and a set of pearl earrings . (Filtered Words: 0)
This leads Irenaeus to the somewhat startling notion that Adam and Eve died on the same day that they disobeyed , namely , on a Friday , as a parallel to the death of Christ on Good Friday ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I could not keep my eyes away from the boy with the red hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , the null space of Af and the null space of Af together span V , the former being the subspace spanned by Af and the latter the subspace spanned by Af and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Military personnel costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tobacco was common first aid . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was forced to wipe his eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The artist , unlike the philosopher , is not a removed observer aiming at neutral and rarified high levels of abstraction . (Filtered Words: 0)
To say this is to set aside the realness of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others thought he couldn't stand seeing [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , still so beautiful , so much in command of everything . (Filtered Words: 2)
You know '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Uncle George '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The front windows of the place were long and narrow , reaching nearly to the floor and affording an unusually good view of the interior . (Filtered Words: 0)
The economist does not look for a drastic switch in the budget during this recovery and believes it `` even more unlikely that the Federal Reserve will aggressively tighten monetary policy in the early phases of the upturn as was the case in 1958 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Spanish Steps . (Filtered Words: 0)
The west is leaderless , according to this book . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's [FILTERED] who is applying to Hanford College . (Filtered Words: 1)
First of all , the recruits will have to undergo arduous schooling . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No-o-o . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is nothing infra dig about a good blend from a good shipper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Printed material (Filtered Words: 0)
In closing , Mr. [FILTERED] also wished all the Juniors luck in their Class . (Filtered Words: 1)
Robby could be better (Filtered Words: 0)
Leona '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Go change your shoes before you turn around '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude went on . (Filtered Words: 0)
The meaning of this variation in distribution of the bronchial artery as found in the horse is not clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who was with us last month ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
As you can see , in this Push-Pull Super Set the entire chest-back-shoulder area is vigorously exercised in alternate sectors by alternate exercises so the complete torso remains pumped-up all the time ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This restaurant , too , had a cat , a dusty , thin little creature . (Filtered Words: 0)
A binomial experiment can produce random variables other than the number of successes . (Filtered Words: 0)
They also give information which will aid in the design of a more satisfactory instrument for the measurement of the normal pressures . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it has achieved a cross-section of students from almost all the states , and two-thirds of its undergraduates come from outside New England . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had long black hair and a wispy beard . (Filtered Words: 0)
One Republican senator told this correspondent that he was constantly being asked why he didn't attack the [FILTERED] administration on this score . (Filtered Words: 1)
Finally , information is retrieved from the dictionary as required by stages of the translation process -- the grammatical description for sentence-structure determination , equivalent-choice information for semantic analysis , and target-language equivalents for output construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suppose -- just suppose this guy was really what he said he was ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
and they agreed to see that the tragic pair would not put poison in anybody else's soup . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boys had a tremendous respect for each other's ability . (Filtered Words: 0)
The conventions into which the romantics tried to breath life no longer corresponded to the realities of thought and feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
This past year the pattern has been different : The organizing program had the full support of the AFL-CIO , which supplied staff and money to the AWOC , as well as moral support . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Warwick Musical Theater presents `` Where's Charley ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Men of more delicate sensibilities referred to this condition as `` looseness of the bowels '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Report others held (Filtered Words: 0)
But from a historic viewpoint none can approach it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was like finally getting into one's own nightmares to punish one's dreams . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the meantime he was pleased with the warm night and the still more pleasing company of his water brother . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two criticisms of this generally admirable and fascinating book involve the treatment of wartime diplomacy which is jagged at the edges -- there is no mention of the Potsdam Conference or the Morgenthau Plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
In particular he sought the gentle , sweet-faced nuns , with head coverings and veils coming to the middle of their foreheads , remembering their expressions until he reached home and set them down on paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beautiful homes and gardens are trademarks of the South and cities particularly noted for them are Charleston , S.C. , Natchez , Miss. , and Savannah , Ga. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes it was to skirt a gulley . (Filtered Words: 0)
The monk then understood the spiritual attainment of Hwang Pah , and praised him as a true Mahayanist . (Filtered Words: 0)
The former proof seems applicable to a statutory merger or consolidation , the latter to a contractual acquisition . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stalked into the water and fell heavily over the side of the flat-bottomed barge , his weight nearly swamping the craft . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How come you're riding the rods , kids like you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And it would seem that history is a witness to this truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the brigadier dines on the birds with relish . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , in the first place , call himself a liberal if he is against laissez-faire and favors an authoritarian central government with womb-to-tomb controls over everybody ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Stained with [FILTERED]'s ceramic unfired stain , polished , following manufacturer's directions . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is apparent , therefore , that the teacher needs to know what factors have a vital bearing on the learning and adjustment of children . (Filtered Words: 0)
The detective , commenting on Barco's behavior , felt that he merely belonged among the myriad citizens of our community who are mentally unhinged -- that he was a more or less harmless `` nut '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the two leaders , DePugh and Lauchli , hastened to put the group through its paces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fleeting glimpse (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm absolutely frantic ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Third , the significance of the vocational courses is that those enrolled are keenly interested in the work ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And if you get sick , ask the teacher to let you come home early . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Grubb '' , Felix whispered . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He has very good connections '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Founded in the Ninth Century B.C. it was called Byzantium 200 years later when Byzas , ruler of the Megarians , expanded the settlement and named it after himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie's eyebrows went up . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , the new authority of $3,825 million proposed for missile procurement ( excluding research and construction ) in 1961 is $581 million higher than for 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I repeat , two wrongs do not make a right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parker , along with [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , showed a magnificent moral bravery when facing mobs mobilized in defense of the Mexican War and slavery . (Filtered Words: 2)
Some churches have six or more training sessions of two hours each , generally held on Sunday night or during the week . (Filtered Words: 0)
As Littlepage noted : `` A complete picture of Prince Potemkin may be had in his 1788 operations . (Filtered Words: 0)
If this practice should take root and spread , the man who submits a manuscript to a publisher will find himself reviewed before he is accepted and publication will become a sort of post-mortem formality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Zenith absorbed Allstates , stock transfers were arranged , and [FILTERED] became president of the hyphenated combination . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'll tell you nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The juror said the masked men had advised him to be lenient . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if she were just having a normal case of pre-nuptial jitters such a question might frighten her out of a really good marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus if E is sufficiently small , there can be only one intersection of C and Af near Q , for if there were more than one intersection for every E then the difference between C and Af near Q would not be a monotone function . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't believe it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One thing Papa had not taught Henrietta was how to handle a young man as high-spirited and opinionated as herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Capital imports drawn from a number of sources must be employed and combined skillfully enough to permit domestic investment programming to go forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
On home sets children were watching the death throes of men who were shot before the paredon , the firing wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could tell you of plenty narrow escapes , but we take no notice of them now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus Af denotes the state of the feed to the R-stage process , and Af the state of the product from the last stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was plain as the nose on your face that they're laughing about it , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
This instrument provides an electrical signal proportional to the angular deviations of the platform and can be used to automatically hold the platform on true heading . (Filtered Words: 0)
So we asked such men in major companies in the design field to offer their opinions on the `` dual-road-up '' problem -- and more importantly -- their solutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The child of this problem was Mr. [FILTERED]'s famous Serial No. 1 Universal Milling Machine , the archtype from which is descended today's universal knee-type milling machine used throughout the world . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even earlier Haverfield had come to the same conclusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] writes only about Europe in this book and frequently of such familiar places as London , Vienna , the French Riviera and the Norwegian fjords . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Georgia State Chamber of Commerce tried to guard against the danger of eliminating potential candidates . (Filtered Words: 0)
The useful suggestion of Professor [FILTERED] which considers culture as a third stage in biological evolution fits quite beautifully then with our suggestion that science has provided us with a rather successful technique for building protective artificial environments . (Filtered Words: 1)
Those who walk on it may encounter at any turn ministers of grace or damnation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , what did that matter when the sun was shining and there were dreams to dream about ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Hoag turned . (Filtered Words: 0)
One contained complete antibody and had a titer of 1 : 512 in saline . (Filtered Words: 0)
The interaction effect , which is significant at the level , can be seen best in the contrast of mean scores . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bullet went wide . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was nothing more than a tiny distant rain squall , a dull gray sheet which reached from a layer of clouds to the earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Howard '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was puffing on a cigar , and he was turning up his coat collar against the rain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only did constellations like Draco , Cepheus , and Cassiopeia spin circles around the pole , but stars which were not circumpolar rose and set at the same place on the horizon each night . (Filtered Words: 0)
He lived at 6124 [FILTERED]. . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since then , there has been a notable increase in the number of stations and also the accumulation of additional data and the development of new techniques for using it , leading to a better understanding of propagation phenomena . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first place , it's static ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It might be well to consider the literary evidence first because it can provide us with an answer to one important question ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They dislike dense vegetation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course he did some exercising . (Filtered Words: 0)
He gazed away from us as we approached . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Montgomery believes that she started well . (Filtered Words: 0)
His assumption seems to be that any such friends , being tolerable humans , must be more liberal than most Southerners and therefore at least partly in sympathy with his views . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our instructions assume you are building this particular frame , which is for a junction . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That smell is something , eh , mate '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Are your people still alive '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The specific staining by both direct and indirect methods showed that WTV antigen was concentrated in the pseudophloem tissue and in a few thick-walled cells in the xylem region , but was not detectable in any other tissues of the root and stem tumors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nice '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This difference is readily clarified by referring to Table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was carrying a quirt , and she started to raise it , then let it fall again and dangle from her wrist . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dartmouth Skiway , at Holt's Ledge , ten miles north of the campus , has one of the best terrains in the East , ranging from novice to expert . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two were in the same band 18 years ago ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fear possessed me , and the certainty of war '' , he has related . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What with all those pretty girls around , they had a hard time '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last they concluded that the heavy , full feeling in their stomachs was due to lack of exercise . (Filtered Words: 0)
What would you do in my place '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A taxi took him back to the bar and grill where he had left his car , and a few minutes later he found a parking place across the street from his apartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , during any given year ( A ) if the revenues from the residential service are $7,000,000 , ( B ) if the operating expenses imputed to this class of service come to $5,000,000 , and ( C ) if the net investment in ( or value of ) the plant and equipment deemed devoted to this service amounts to $30,000,000 , the cost analyst will report that residential service , in the aggregate , has yielded a return of $2,000,000 or 6-2/3 per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
once the pool of recruits diminishes , the congregation is helpless -- friendly contacts no longer keep it going . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was ghost writer for [FILTERED] , whose main talent for literary composition was the signing of his autograph . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I have here that you could run a nursery of your own for working mothers '' , Eugenia said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , just sort of everything in general '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Success will require tact , sensitivity to faculty prerogatives , patience , and persistence . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any given time period , the aggregate demand for the industry's product is determined by two things : the price charged by the industry , and the level of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feathertop was a connoisseur . (Filtered Words: 0)
American history should clinch the case when Congress is asked to approve . (Filtered Words: 0)
You have unwittingly set in motion forces so malign , so vindictive , that it would be downright inhumane of me not to warn you about them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also because of the storm , the streets of Rockfork were deserted . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reasons are obvious : ( 1 ) the state is buying in quantity , and ( 2 ) it has no federal excise or state sales tax to pay . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are the results . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Itch '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
On the outskirts of the rabble the [FILTERED] brothers and [FILTERED] shook their fists . (Filtered Words: 2)
To further increase back flexibility , work on the back circle . (Filtered Words: 0)
To this end , the community assistance program of the planning division will continue to be operated as a staff function to make available , on a shared cost basis , technical planning assistance to those communities in the state unable to maintain their own planning staff . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fromm seems unaware of these developments . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had no doubt that it was . (Filtered Words: 0)
In so doing he implicitly offers the positive contagion of hope as a kind of maturational dynamic to counteract feelings of helplessness and hopelessness generally associated with the first stages of stress impact . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 10.3-cm observation of Sloanaker was made on May 20 , 1958 , using the 84-foot reflector at the Maryland Point Observatory of the U. S. Naval Research Laboratory . (Filtered Words: 0)
She continues to add to the pollen supply as needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Came to the Harbor as a bride and Don't worry Jed , this one is in the bag . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew that many were using it for their own ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
For moments he stood in water , shivering and gasping for breath . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hunched his left shoulder into it and slashed at [FILTERED]' forearm with his own , felt the blade slide off his sleeve . (Filtered Words: 1)
They `` operate on a volume basis '' , it was contended , `` and are not essential to provide the more limited but vital shopping needs of the community '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The packing efficiency , F.R. , of fiber plates did not receive much attention in the literature , probably as it is high for the larger fibers generally used , until rather recently . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finnegan woke up . (Filtered Words: 0)
How did I get to be sixty-five so fast ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In a word , plenty . (Filtered Words: 0)
He climbed back to the road , and he felt utterly exhausted . (Filtered Words: 0)
How , I asked , could chaos be admitted to chaos ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Another force flanked the company and took up a position on a hill to the rear . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand significant facts may be concealed -- she may mean I or everybody , as it did with the tense and irritable woman mentioned before , may refer to a specific person . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] was destined to be the `` brain '' half of a scout ship , partnered with a man or a woman , whichever she chose , as the mobile half . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I didn't think it was necessary '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's a helluva thing '' , [FILTERED] said , looking at [FILTERED] , `` when a guy's own team-mate won't come out and help him in a fight '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
He would not carry a brief case . (Filtered Words: 0)
I reached over and switched off the electronic bugging device . (Filtered Words: 0)
Already the jonquils were blooming in a flock by the front gate , and the periwinkles were coming on , blue by the porch steps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gen. [FILTERED] will report to President [FILTERED] in a few days on the results of his visit to South Viet Nam and , judging from some of his remarks to reporters in the Far East , he is likely to urge a more efficient mobilization of Vietnamese military , economic , political and other resources . (Filtered Words: 2)
at last , alarm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Absent-minded , subject to unexplained tears Jubal would have bet his life that if [FILTERED] were to witness the Second Coming , she would memorize date , time , personae , events , and barometric pressure without batting her calm blue eyes . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was born in Savannah , Georgia , in 1909 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a difference might have resulted from : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first is that enforcement of national law in state litigation raises in reverse the old diversity puzzle of the relation of procedure to substance . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wouldn't be taking a cold shower . (Filtered Words: 0)
In her letter to [FILTERED] , `` E. B. '' , the Quakeress from Newport , had suggested that the American people owed more honor to [FILTERED] for seeking to free the slaves than they did to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
From Milan came the young [FILTERED] , an officer in the service of Malta . (Filtered Words: 1)
the gray hairs , the eyeglasses , bodies that are too thin or too heavy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What caused it , he didn't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Starting half an hour behind Player in company with British Open Champion Kel Nagle , Palmer birdied the 2nd , the 9th , the 13th and the 16th -- four birdies , one bogey and 13 pars for a 69 . (Filtered Words: 0)
With his right fist , and nearly all his weight behind it , he smashed at the bloodstained face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , you may pay too much for the farm and get nothing for your labor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all of Palfrey's slaves were aboard the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The address Af and the number of cells required to store the form are written in Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There are plenty of fresh horses halfway at my place . (Filtered Words: 0)
He straightened his tie at the mirror with a shaking hand ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was five minutes after four . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have to get back to Jarrodsville '' , he went on . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this article we will concentrate on the advances in the application of electronics in bio-medical research laboratories because this is where tomorrow's commonplace equipment originates . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is good . (Filtered Words: 0)
The point is that in a system such as Fromm's which recognizes unconscious motivations , and which rests on certain ethical absolutes , empirical data can be used to support whatever proposition the writer is urging at the moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Changing colors (Filtered Words: 0)
( 1 ) When an object was placed in the patient's hand , he had no difficulty determining whether it was warm or cold , sharp or blunt , rough or smooth , flexible , soft , or hard ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Score outside of container where handle ends will be joined . (Filtered Words: 0)
He intimated that they weren't doing the country much good in the Cold War . (Filtered Words: 0)
Amy walked -- making it halfway across the cottage floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the force , in our time and in every other time , that urges the paranoiac and the manic-depressive to become head of a state . (Filtered Words: 0)
Underneath him the sea was a dark and muddied gray . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , they could kill him just as easy right now . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said with intense feeling : `` Come near , let me feel your arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
I do seem to snap at everybody these days , but I would like to think of a way to make a little extra money '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The element of status-roles and associated processes have not been sufficiently investigated for this population to permit any type of conjectures about them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was Canute controlling the waves . (Filtered Words: 0)
The parish lives for itself rather than for the community or the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
American Catholic colleges and universities are , in a very real sense , the product of `` private enterprise '' -- the `` private enterprise '' of religious communities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have the class lie prone . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , in fact , it turned out to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
These data lead to a structure in which sheets of [FILTERED] atoms lie between two sheets of O atoms . (Filtered Words: 1)
She envied him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new birth is necessary because the natural man is spiritually dead and blind . (Filtered Words: 0)
We knew the enemy was subdued , because a flare was fired as the signal . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were put on control diets to determine as accurately as possible , the normal cholesterol level of their blood . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , Kayabashi was bringing his associates here for a specific purpose and Rector would not be able to fathom it until they arrived . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is state chairman for the New Mexico Tuberculosis and Cancer Associations . (Filtered Words: 0)
In an effort to fortify himself against the unforseen upsets sure to arise in the future , [FILTERED] , banker-editor of the Phoenix `` Arizona Progress '' , reflects upon a few of the depressing experiences of the feverish fifties . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was no longer able to relax in the presence of his parents and found it difficult to keep up a conversation with his mother or father , no matter the subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
O'Banion's reaction was : `` Three hundred dollars ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Third , we can offer technical help in the formulation of programs for development which are adapted to the country's objectives and resources . (Filtered Words: 0)
He opened his eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Space Merchants , like such humanist documents as Joseph Wood Krutch's The Measure Of Man and C. S. Lewis's The Abolition Of Man , considers what may result from the scientific study of human nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How did you know '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
it was hideously embarrassing -- `` not to let the prime minister be alone with Mahzeer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the spring and early summer of that year she met a wealthy foreign tycoon who took her to France , where she later met a very wealthy man and toured all Europe with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
but unfortunately the rabbit , on no grounds at all , took up toward this neutral object an attitude of disapproval and that made it for the first time , and in the only intelligible sense , bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
All these things and countless more enter into their calculations , and yet , the enchanting index remains non-forthcoming . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said to his partner . (Filtered Words: 0)
We want the past forgiven , but at the same time we must be willing for God to direct the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to showing an Irish Setter throughout the year , she also scored with an Afghan . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] returned to California in the winter of 1944 , it was to take up again a collaboration with [FILTERED] , begun some years before . (Filtered Words: 2)
He tends to treat himself and other people as if they were objects -- and sometimes he treats objects as if they were people . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second list was derived from a group of approximately 8,000 names supplied to the research team by the Aerospace Industries Association . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only response we can think of is the humble one that at least we aren't playing the marimba with our shoes in the United Nations , but perhaps the heavy domes in the house of delegates can improve on this feeble effort . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED]'s name came into the discussion , the priest grew loud and told me that [FILTERED] `` hates life '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , as [FILTERED] , his first wife , managed to make that short role impressive . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] replied the next day , putting the suspended diplomat's fears to rest . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] will arrive in December also . (Filtered Words: 1)
He must have thought I was a tourist . (Filtered Words: 0)
They make beautiful objects . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The owner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without taking off his coat , he sat in the blue chair which still faced the closed bedroom door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is [FILTERED]'s broken a chair , dominant stress will usually be on the complement a chair . (Filtered Words: 1)
He smiled at [FILTERED] and slowly rubbed his hands together . (Filtered Words: 1)
Moritz came to Texas in 1954 but his freshman football efforts were hampered by a knee injury . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally we may note that the idea appears in educational theory where its influence is at present widespread . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's a large war party on their way '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It is doubtful if [FILTERED] was able to take home much money to his wife and children , for his pay , as shown by the War Department Abstracts of early 1778 was $75 a month as a colonel , and that apt to be delayed . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the second sentence if drinking water is a gerundial clause and without drinking water is roughly equivalent in meaning to unless I drink water , there will be stronger stress on water than on drinking ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the wrong thing to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the art of relating the finite to the infinite , of doing our best to insure that the particularistic requirements of religious institutions will not thwart God's intent of unity among men more than is minimally necessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Within half an hour I jumped a six-point buck that hop-skipped through a rhododendron thicket , and I caught him just behind the left foreleg at 60 yards . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he wanted to be careful that the kids not only learn about Communist but also about what he feels is the only antidote -- a Biblically strong Christianity . (Filtered Words: 0)
I got there at 9:47 A.M. , found her strangled . (Filtered Words: 0)
For Mars '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Whiskey still , my foot '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
According to a number of studies , the important predictors are the nature and management of the client's anxiety as well as the accessibility of the helping person . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , 37 , a mystery man presumed to be Russian although he carries a Canadian passport . (Filtered Words: 1)
For his part , Thompson had explained in a previous letter that there would be nothing but an honorable friendship between [FILTERED] and himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
He quickly called on Ghana , Tunisia , Morocco , Guinea and Mali , which dispatched troops within hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one who has studied the radical Right can suppose that words are their sole staple in trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , too , European drivers have reputations for being somewhat crazy on the road and some Americans are not particularly keen on getting mixed up with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The funds would be used for equipment , not for land , buildings , or operation . (Filtered Words: 0)
All operations now carried on at our plant at [FILTERED] will be transferred to Warwick . (Filtered Words: 1)
After heavy rains and an onslaught of mice , snow fell on October 15 , 1825 , and remained on the ground through a winter so cold that the ice on the Red was five feet thick . (Filtered Words: 0)
to keep them out of homes , even in the 1900's , was a chore . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could continue this way , hitting 106 and more in the Valley , [FILTERED] knew , into October . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here are the two Preambles : Federal Constitution , 1789 (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead he brought with him the names of some people he had never met and of whom the medium knew nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked by the townsmen to cease his suit , [FILTERED] had answered that `` hytt shulde coste hym 500 first & sayed it must be tried ether before my [FILTERED] in the countrey or his uncle Ffortescue in the exchequer with whom he colde more prevaile then we '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
American chemists , seeking to increase exports of soybeans , have adapted modern techniques and fermentation methods to improve their use in such traditional Japanese foods as tofu and miso and in tempeh of Indonesia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Professional responsibility is seen to consist largely in serving the wishes of the client fairly and in an efficient manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cities and counties interested in industrial development would do well in the months ahead to keep their eyes peeled toward the 13 northwest Georgia counties that are members of the Coosa Valley Area Planning and Development Commission . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said sharply . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hot hibachi franks (Filtered Words: 0)
He went back and got the flashlight , returned to the tunnel and carried the suitcase to the edge of the pit he had found earlier . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hell , yes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The terms of friendship , understanding , cooperation , etc. , tend to become somewhat shopworn because of constant and indiscriminate use . (Filtered Words: 0)
One man , badly burned about the face and eyes by an arc welding torch , was blinded and could not find a doctor at the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was irritated when the Grafin knocked at his door and told him , `` She is a great beauty ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
But he is in the middle , an employe of DeKalb , but on the side of the people . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They found something else up there '' , she said half-aloud to the empty room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us therefore consider each of the three types of cost in turn , recognizing that this simplified classification is used only for illustrative purposes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know it isn't dinnertime '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the secret itself was just as hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Means edged closer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be a scorcher by afternoon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When she was finished she pushed it back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pueri aquam de silvas ad agricolas portant , a delightful vignette set in the unforgettable epoch of pre-Punic War Rome . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine PM for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Until this Hungarian Committee matter came up , [FILTERED] was a fine and devoted individual . (Filtered Words: 1)
An engineer had been made the works manager of a firm , supplanting a retired employee who had been considered outstandingly successful . (Filtered Words: 0)
To what extent did it mould the morals and the social , economic , and political life and institutions of the country ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We are preventing or averting pathogenic phenomena such as undue regression , unhealthy suppression and repression , excessive use of denial , and crippling guilt turned against the self . (Filtered Words: 0)
How well do faculty members govern themselves ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The accuracy of measuring the total electrical energy entering an exploding wire during a few microseconds was verified when two independent types of comparison with the heat energy produced had an uncertainty of less than 2 percent . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when she returned from taking her guests back to New York she had said , `` All they talked about was [FILTERED] this , [FILTERED] that When they know the truth will they drop away from me , will I become a nothing '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
Having volunteered that he was a man of about sixty , he bounded up the stairs and with each leap rendered the number less credible . (Filtered Words: 0)
But State Party Chairman [FILTERED] of Albany said no , and he didn't mince any words . (Filtered Words: 1)
During last year's campaign , [FILTERED] asked [FILTERED] , an utter novice in organization politics , to assist him . (Filtered Words: 2)
Binomial trials . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was almost one and I hadn't had lunch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Following Day was Woodbury who spoke of his disapproval of [FILTERED]'s attempt at servile insurrection , his admiration of [FILTERED]'s character , and his opposition to slavery . (Filtered Words: 2)
It drops again after fifteen and/or twenty-one days . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Question at issue : How big a vote should be necessary to restrict Senate debate -- and thereby cut off legislation-delaying filibusters ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Analogously , anyone who argues that [FILTERED]'s theory of gravitation is simpler than Newton's , must say rather more to explain how it is that the latter is mastered by student-physicists , while the former can be managed ( with difficulty ) only by accomplished experts . (Filtered Words: 1)
Though only a relatively short walk separated it from my own part of town , its character was wholly foreign to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , as we have seen , in later childhood the child begins to substitute the standards of the peer group for those of parents and teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a vital part of their spiritual growth and assimilation . (Filtered Words: 0)
I shuddered and backed out of the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Properties : (Filtered Words: 0)
From the way the wound in his head was itching , [FILTERED] knew that it would heal . (Filtered Words: 1)
the 8 , the Chi in the Northeast ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For a few giddy months that coincided with one of Moscow's smiling moods , he was the sensation of Washington . (Filtered Words: 0)
Public health , education , and rehabilitation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I get up early . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Thanks '' , [FILTERED] said , `` but Friday is a long way off and anything can happen '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
You explain , `` I have the strangest feeling of having lived through this very same event before . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other similar affirmations in the Declaration on Liberated Europe seemed to assure democratic institutions on the Western model . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shipbuilding , aircraft procurement , and weapon programs indicate that there will not be enough of anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was going to be sensible and not try to do anything rash with that gun pointed at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
But by the tracing procedure , he could , in a strange obviously kinesthetic manner , find the unseen form ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was flat , definite . (Filtered Words: 0)
But no one complained when they wound up , regardless of season , in venison pies . (Filtered Words: 0)
apparently it is not . (Filtered Words: 0)
The week went along briskly enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are four versions of the formula that involves the relationships of car speed , engine speed , rear axle gear ratio , and rear tire size . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 1 ) '' (Filtered Words: 0)
I like them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s study showed that female common garter and ribbon snakes of Michigan mature at about the age of two . (Filtered Words: 1)
It could become an acute problem in the coming fiscal year . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the man who brought sweet potatoes into Kanto is buried there , next to a beautiful seated statue of Fudo . (Filtered Words: 0)
There the truth is , open to eyes that are willing to look . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'd love to audition for you '' , she gushed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Crystallographic data resulting mainly from X-ray and electron diffraction measurements are presented . (Filtered Words: 0)
They emerged as interchangeable cogs in a faulty but formidable machine : shaved nearly naked , hair queued , greatcoated , jackbooted , and best of all -- in the opinion of the British professional , Major [FILTERED] -- `` their minds are not estranged from the paths of obedience by those smatterings of knowledge which only serve to lead to insubordination and mutiny '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
I can't go in . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only the President is permitted to authorize the use of nuclear weapons . (Filtered Words: 0)
A primary ingredient in these fields is imagination , and Tri-State Pipeline Corporation deserves a very good mark . (Filtered Words: 0)
If , however , the figure to be discerned were complicated , composed of several interlocking subfigures , and so on , even the tracing process failed him , and he could not focus even relatively simple shapes among its parts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The provisions are also designed to avoid disruption in State programs already in operation , which might otherwise result from the allotment of funds on the basis of wealth and population alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` Cromwell is telling you the truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the circumstances are faced frankly it is not reasonable to expect this to be true . (Filtered Words: 0)
A restricted frontage may be too crowded an area for public use . (Filtered Words: 0)
For fifty-five years he had lived , progressing towards a no-goal , eating , working , breathing without plan , without reason . (Filtered Words: 0)
A number of scattered `` ayes '' and `` noes '' was heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even his neck seemed thicker and , therefore , shorter . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are supplied , a batch at a time , by a secret source and are continually changed by [FILTERED] or his staff , at random intervals . (Filtered Words: 1)
I wanted him , with a terrifying fierceness . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the knowledge that the kingdom comes by obedience to the moral law in our relations with all people , we have a firm intellectual grasp on both the means and the ends of our lives . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the hard way to fight a war but [FILTERED] did it without making any disastrous mistakes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Also , there are housed here some priceless historical treasures from 400 to 600 years old -- paintings , lacquer , brocade , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
That po'k , it was so full of skippers it would jump and run and not come when you say , hoo-pig . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the first part of the Regulation that is currently at issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] synthesis (Filtered Words: 1)
Let us assume that Af is identical to the form of an occurrence Af which preceded Af in the text . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Peace Corps is not a diplomatic or propaganda venture but a genuine experiment in international partnership . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dignity and comfort , in a contemporary manner , reflecting the best aspects of today's design , with substance and maturity , keynote the Perennian collection from Heritage . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fuss , fuss , old man '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s first war against the Grand Turk had ended in 1774 with a peace treaty quite favorable to her . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the end of the performance , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] came out into the brilliantly lit foyer among a surge of gowned and tuxedoed first nighters . (Filtered Words: 2)
The wizard who fashioned West Germany's astonishing industrial rebirth is the soul of free enterprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somewhere at the far end of the room a voice yelled , `` You all right , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The best gifts of the novelist will be wasted on the reader who is insulated against any surprises the novelist may have in store for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus Trevelyan repeats the story which pictured [FILTERED] as refusing to abandon the famous Statuto at the insistence of General Radetzky . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rev loved [FILTERED] , it was like a part of his breath and body ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
How and when should the Peace Corps be launched ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I stood on a table , surrounded by hundreds of expectant young faces . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was foolish and snobbish to wear clothing when none of these nice people did . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The heavy thick soles . (Filtered Words: 0)
He heard himself chortling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another theme , sinuously chromatic , appears as he directs her to gain power over Grigori by any means , even at the cost of her honor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cost didn't matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
A row of mailboxes along the wall had numbers and names on them . (Filtered Words: 0)
On most drill presses , it is impossible to get the exact speed , but you can come close by adjusting the drive belt on the step-cone pulleys . (Filtered Words: 0)
Years ago when I asked her to put me in Social Security , so's I wouldn't have to be working now , Miss Julia threatened to fire me -- all because it would mean a few more dollars a year to her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Nara I stayed at the hotel where the Prince and Princess had stayed on their honeymoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then when [FILTERED] was on the end of the line of girls , [FILTERED] , in the middle of the line , gave an extra hard pull and the young teacher sprawled backwards , sitting down hard , her dress flying over her head . (Filtered Words: 2)
and , most pervasively , ( 3 ) their interpretation of who is a `` real pro '' , of what it means to be a professional man in a technical , fragmented society . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parts of `` Defeat Into Victory '' are a tangle of Burmese place names and military units , but a little application makes everything clear enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mae , sit down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mercer never noticed the needle touch his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider installing supplemental serving lines in production areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
The budget deficit (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Company of the Indies , holding to its program of economy , made no arrangements to furnish better goods at attractive prices . (Filtered Words: 0)
The real question was how one passed from anti-Semitism of this sort to murder , and the answer to this question is not to be found in anti-Semitism itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The colts in Simpson's stable have little if anything on the fillies , especially the pacers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] asked again that the board join in taking a stand in keeping with [FILTERED] program . (Filtered Words: 2)
I knew '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There was nothing else I could do '' , the maid answered , satisfied with a rather vague explanation . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the policy officer will know that action can almost never be secret and that in general the effectiveness of policy will be conditioned by the readiness of the country to sustain it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Very little in today's living provides the strength we need and nothing provides the flexibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
but he never slept . (Filtered Words: 0)
the first use of the word `` rustler '' was as a synonym for `` hustler '' , becomin' an established term for any person who was active , pushin' , and bustlin' in any enterprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he sank on his knees , they had allowed him to char without administering the stroke of mercy . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a person has thoughtlessly or deliberately caused us pain or hardship it is not always easy to say , `` Just forget it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Assembly session brought much good (Filtered Words: 0)
It is reasonable to affirm two propositions : Jews have been perceived by non-Jews as all things to all men ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
New Englanders were a bit sensitive on the subject of their complicity in Negro slavery at the time of the drafting of the Declaration of Independence , as [FILTERED] explained in his `` Autobiography '' : `` (Filtered Words: 1)
During the 1950s there were as many as 25,000 schools in the Congo . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sight of sleek inboards , outboards , and sailboats being wheeled smartly along highways many miles from any water is commonplace . (Filtered Words: 0)
He selects queries or general interest to answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even if it did not , how would this little world of gentle people cope with its new reality of grenades and submachine guns ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The Groth Institute '' , which was established in 1958 , is a group activity affiliated with the Physics Department of The Pennsylvania State University , University Park , Pa. . (Filtered Words: 0)
North and south , east and west , back and forth he sailed in the land-locked bay , plowing furiously forward until land appeared , then turning to repeat the process , day after day , week after week . (Filtered Words: 0)
to get happiness for yourself -- 28 per cent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
that there would be a similar decline in the market values of other automotive and chemical stocks , with similar losses to the stockholders of those companies ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Defense Secretary [FILTERED] has asked Congress for authority and funds to build fallout shelters costing about 200 million dollars . (Filtered Words: 1)
The oyabun was entertaining a group of dignitaries , the secretary said , businessmen from Tokyo for the most part , and Kayabashi wished to show them the mission . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thank you , Keith '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As his second in command The Prince had Marshal Repnin , one-time Ambassador to Poland . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deliberately , she ignored the yelp . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only ingenuity will uncover it . (Filtered Words: 0)
We went into Mrs. [FILTERED]'s library , which had low bookshelves all along the walls , and above them a Modigliani portrait , a Jackson Pollock twelve feet long , and a gorgeous Miro with a yellow background , that looked like an inscription from a Martian tomb . (Filtered Words: 1)
This baffling lack of distinct details recalls the secretary whose employer was leaving the office and told her what to answer if anyone called in his absence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The heat intensified on Tuesday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another example is his very infrequent use of the large amount of data from surveys designed to discover what and how people actually do feel and think on a broad range of topics : he cites such survey-type findings just three times . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its drafters discussed this vital point but left it out of their Constitution . (Filtered Words: 0)
When we consider the disorganized state of the world community , and the legacy of predispositions adversely directed against all who are identified as Jews , it is obvious that the struggle for the minds and muscles of men needs to be prosecuted with increasing vigor and skill . (Filtered Words: 0)
One day when he attended a war memorial ceremony in [FILTERED] his view was obstructed by a stout man on his left , his attention turned to the irregular pattern of the rough slab flooring and someone , clasping him by the arm , whispered , `` I want a word with you , please '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Look what those little European jobs are doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
She started to move away , just as a woman came out of the cottage , a big-boned , drab-haired figure with a clean apron tied over her limp print dress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is this for real ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The results were good although they are difficult to compare with hand brushing , particularly when the individual knows how to brush his teeth properly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] will return next week from Bermuda . (Filtered Words: 1)
Still there is a way for those who want to see some of the back country of Europe by car . (Filtered Words: 0)
Military knowledge , love of detail , and a sure feeling for the portrayal of action were the added ingredients . (Filtered Words: 0)
28 . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the growing complexity of markets and intensity of competition , sales management , whether at the district , region or headquarters level , is a tough job today -- and it will be tougher in the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That I can't answer , for I can't imagine something like this happening to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
My love for [FILTERED] was young and clean -- how could I possibly compete with a woman like that , who didn't hesitate to use her sex . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet actually `` the image corresponded in no way to the actualities of the post-war world . (Filtered Words: 0)
He recalled that in Rhode Island a party opposed to the state's condemnation of a man ( [FILTERED] ) proclaimed the state's action as a violation of the law of the land and the principles of human liberty . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ignition sets off blast (Filtered Words: 0)
So with four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No. 1 , four of No. 2 , four of No. 3 and four to six sets of the Incline Bench Press , you can see that [FILTERED] has had a terrific mass-building , muscle-shaping , torso-defining workout that cannot be improved upon . (Filtered Words: 1)
County Supervisor [FILTERED] , who is a candidate for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination , today called for an end to paper ballots in those counties in the state which still use them . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Groth Institute (Filtered Words: 0)
Something so incredible -- (Filtered Words: 0)
But the nickname never stuck and Gehrig was no match for [FILTERED] in `` color '' -- which is sometimes a polite word for delinquent behavior on and off the field . (Filtered Words: 1)
What's going on here ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Ludie could be hateful . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also dishes up 3,000 snacks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where would it all lead ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the witnesses were [FILTERED] , director of [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
We who are living today may learn a valuable lesson from those who celebrated the first Thanksgiving Day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adam recognized this one . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only way out of this state of affairs is agreement to abolish nuclear weapons ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And I sort o' got a corner on the market '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another was to soak raw beef in vinegar for twenty-four hours , tie it on the wart , and wear it for a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
Panting a little , Payne shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
These two walks take you through the heart of Rome . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jist stay where you are '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most Jewish mothers are determined to exercise vigilance over the social and sexual lives of their daughters by keeping them home . (Filtered Words: 0)
While it must be said that these same Protestants have built some new churches during this period , and that religious population shifts have emptied churches , a principal reason for this phenomenon of redundancy is that fewer Protestants are going to church . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is competent in the sense that it makes a coherent statement without violating the rules of the sonnet form , but it is entirely undistinguished and entirely unlike Hardy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even so , [FILTERED]'s ambassadors can scarcely have foreseen that five years of unremitting work lay ahead of them before peace was finally made and that when it did come the countless embassies that left England for Rome during that period had very little to do with it . (Filtered Words: 1)
By such touches the pattern takes shape . (Filtered Words: 0)
It concerned an officer who had been disgraced and drummed out . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , I'll tell you about that '' , Lord told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I realized that Hamlet was faced with an entirely different problem , but his agony could have been no greater . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are private interests sufficiently involved to be consulted ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Hanging over the bar was an oil painting of a nude [FILTERED] had accepted from a student at the Corcoran Gallery who needed to eat and drink and was broke . (Filtered Words: 1)
What evidence is there of an objective kind that in fact your government proposes to do just that , and that it can be done '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
So this proxy situation has set up at least a partial barrier between the medium's ESP and the absent sitter's mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than half the audience departed . (Filtered Words: 0)
his bride opened the store . (Filtered Words: 0)
So something like this matters more than it would at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
You should see to it that the trap , the dirt-catcher in front of the filter , is always clean . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cousin John '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the automobiles that stream out of Hanover each weekend , toward Smith and Wellesley and Mount Holyoke , are no less rakish than those leaving Cambridge or West Philadelphia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dallas (Filtered Words: 0)
A busy president , conversant with a problem and its ramifications and beset by pressures to meet deadlines , tends naturally to assume that others must be as familiar with a problem as he is . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was also sacred , `` and no believer in an inspired church could tolerate having her canons examined as we should examine human laws '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I used to love this country and believe that someday we'd win our battle for equality . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had disappeared . (Filtered Words: 0)
Transitional societies (Filtered Words: 0)
Less dazzling than [FILTERED] , less eloquent than [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] commands an equally high rank among the Founding Fathers . (Filtered Words: 3)
Not discussed here are some military problems of modern times such as undersea warfare , where the surveillance , sending , transmitting , and receiving are all so inadequate that networks and decision making are not the bottlenecks . (Filtered Words: 0)
But can we any longer afford the luxury of such smug indigation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Reaching for an old clay pot , relic of pioneer days , he tore the envelope in pieces , dropping them into it , touching the little pyre to flame , watching it curl , the red sealing wax melting and bubbling in the feathery ash . (Filtered Words: 0)
Resuming atmospheric tests (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody walks anymore but crackpots and [FILTERED] , and he's already got an education . (Filtered Words: 1)
Bursts into flames (Filtered Words: 0)
Possible upshots : The company could be denied a deduction for its pension payments , or those payments for the wife and other employes could be ruled taxable to them in the year made . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first substantially complete stereo [FILTERED] ( and the only one of its scope since Feyer's four-sided LP edition of 1958 for Angel ) , this set is , I'm afraid , likely to provide more horrid fascination than enjoyment . (Filtered Words: 1)
Col. [FILTERED] was one of New Orleans' most important and enlightened slave owners . (Filtered Words: 1)
That sort of braggadocio , for that sort of reason , in the view of [FILTERED] and Capone , was a nonsense . (Filtered Words: 1)
after payment has been made of the principal amounts of all such awards , to make pro rata payments on account of accrued interest on such awards as bear interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
In February 1801 , Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead . (Filtered Words: 0)
once again they clustered like children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us now regard D as a linear operator on the subspace V . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just then a reporter telephoned in from the Bronx to give the rewrite desk an account of a murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
An area may be too small for the needs of the project . (Filtered Words: 0)
Russia has showed its intentions by exploding bombs in peace time to try to frighten the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one extreme case , cited by a Pittsburgh psychologist , an office worker's wife refused to have sexual relations with her husband unless he bought her the luxuries she demanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their jams and jellies had not suffered . (Filtered Words: 0)
I want the room in the attic prepared for him He is a most unusual lad , quite precocious in many ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
The very firmness of her convictions and logical clearness of her arguments captivated and stimulated him to make greater efforts ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And most of all it is not having the only man you could love , whether he drives a bread truck or delivers the mail or checks the berry crates down at the sheds , or owns seventeen oil wells and six diamond mines , for if you are anybody what he is or does makes no difference if he is the one . (Filtered Words: 0)
9 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
As promptly as [FILTERED] , O'Banion jumped into bootlegging . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] made a sign over his heart with his two linked thumbs : I recognized it as an ancient Manu gesture intended to propitiate the Devil . (Filtered Words: 1)
When they were first written , there was evidently no thought of their being published , and those which refer to the writer's love for Mrs. [FILTERED] particularly have the ring of truth . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Ever thought about going on the stage '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , in a competitive market , the customer feels his weight and throws it around . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing like the old days in the army , but I get by . (Filtered Words: 0)
The recent publicity attending the successful federal prosecution of a conspiracy indictment against a number of electrical manufacturers has evoked a new respect for the anti-trust laws that is justified neither by their rationale nor by the results they have obtained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Encouraging a long-term approach (Filtered Words: 0)
She slapped the receiver into its holder and stepped away . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not recognize it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The comments made by some unwed mothers ( quoted in Chapter 2 ) ) reflect this paralysis of workmanship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Come on , now . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked at me provocatively . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been to the farm the previous day and he could have said they needed the ax or hatchet at the farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
But another cause may lie in the experience of so many new postwar faculty members with their own use of education as a means of social advancement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the thing for us to do is to find ourselves a couple of those wonderful flowering currants such as the red [FILTERED] sanguineum of our Pacific Northwest , or otherwise a good sloe tree , or perhaps some nice pussy willow in bloom , preferably one with male or staminate catkins . (Filtered Words: 1)
He always slept close to the wall so you had to lean to reach him . (Filtered Words: 0)
After dialysis the sample was centrifuged and the supernatant placed on a Af cm column of EEAE-cellulose equilibrated with starting buffer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The firm began operations back in 1925 and sells equipment in the central cotton belt , including the Mississippi Delta . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she sighed and her face relaxed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Ever since Bambi , and , more recently , [FILTERED] , there have been a lot of books about animals , but few compare with [FILTERED] wry , understated , charming , and immensely readable My Friend , the Quizzical Salamander . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was built by the [FILTERED] , and stands on the acre of ground that adjoins our property . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then remove it and give the whole bottom a coat of resin . (Filtered Words: 0)
But tonight his drink tasted like branch water and even his favorite meal of steak and tossed salad gave no surcease from the growing weight of the letter in his pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
It took a piece of bad luck to show [FILTERED] that the boy was devoted to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
In addition , his definition of a tragedy invites our attention , because a serious and important action may very well be one that tests the moral fiber of the author or of the characters . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had just suffered a calamity , the final crisis in a long series of calamities . (Filtered Words: 0)
First intercourse for the bride brings with it the various problems connected with virginity and the hymen . (Filtered Words: 0)
The single union which faces the industry does not restrict its membership , and there is an adequate supply of labor available to the firms of the industry at the going wage rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned from [FILTERED] and took [FILTERED] in his arms . (Filtered Words: 3)
Recreation facilities (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe the Indian wasn't too much at fault , Ramey thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charitable deductions come in for closer scrutiny by the I.R.S. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Smaller systems can of course be stated much more succinctly . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was really something , coming from Ching . (Filtered Words: 0)
( D ) honesty in government . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they are still enclosed in their larval cells and remain there throughout the summer , fall , and winter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , we're taking a little vacation , that's all '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the important aspects of this study was to determine the oxygen transfer relationships of the mechanical aerator . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experts in the publishing field consider this astounding . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , a [FILTERED] trap version of the Superposed over/under , the Broadway ( from $350 up , depending on grade ) , differs from standard models in that it is equipped with a full beavertail fore end , a cushion recoil pad and a barrel-wide ventilated rib for fast sighting . (Filtered Words: 1)
This would be in perfect consonance with the underlying concern in the administration -- the shortage of cash . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somebody might mistake you for a woman '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experts point to the thinning of pitching talent in the American League caused by expansion . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]'s muscular teammate , powers four home runs in a double-header , his performance merits awe . (Filtered Words: 2)
) 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adam watched his own hands make the caressing , anxious movement that , when rain falls and nobody comes , and ruin draws close like a cat rubbing against the ankles , has been the ritual of stall vendors , forever . (Filtered Words: 0)
For that matter , the experts themselves are a mixed breed . (Filtered Words: 0)
As used by Industrial Electric Inc. , the film panels are printed one at a time , as are 24-sheet posters . (Filtered Words: 0)
New ideas for improving nutrition came with the study of soil treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Having persisted too long in deliberate ignorance and denial of the forces that threatened her , [FILTERED] was relieved now to admit their potency and to be taking definite steps toward grappling with them . (Filtered Words: 1)
But though Kimpton put Chicago in what he felt was working order , some old grads feel that it still needs the kind of lively teachers who filled it in the heady Hutchins era . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her horse , rather . (Filtered Words: 0)
Christ preaching the Sermon on the Mount , close to his ultimate sacrifice ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The series of ballets is sponsored by the Milenoff Ballet Foundation , Inc. , a non-profit foundation with headquarters in Coral Gables . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are more stems per item in Athabascan , which expresses the fact that the Athabascan languages have undergone somewhat more change in diverging from proto-Athabascan than the Yokuts languages from proto-Yokuts . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked tiredly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hope you don't mind '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Faust rescuing [FILTERED] from Menelaus' vengeance is the genius of renaissance Europe restoring to life the classic tradition . (Filtered Words: 1)
He'd come alone , without his wife and child . (Filtered Words: 0)
Detente urged (Filtered Words: 0)
The radio emission of a planet was first detected in 1955 , when [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] ( 1955 ) identified the origin of interference-like radio noise on their records at about 15 meters wave length as emission from Jupiter . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` To the graveyard . (Filtered Words: 0)
dry studs cost less than $.03 more . (Filtered Words: 0)
We had become good friends during my stay at Cook County Hospital . (Filtered Words: 0)
Salesmanship is still necessary , but it's a different brand of salesmanship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Come on , now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything must wait upon this mission , this sentimental duty of a pilgrim whose nature avoided graveyards . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the scene he has just as clearly shown his military strength in unprovocative but ready position . (Filtered Words: 0)
They not only think and feel cliches but live cliches as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll bust your ass in this canyon . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had caught her coming out of the shack . (Filtered Words: 0)
But now she looked ugly . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's where he was when [FILTERED] found him '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Temperature and time of agitation in the wash wheel are varied to obtain different degrees of severity . (Filtered Words: 0)
A breakdown of the ten-month total showed : (Filtered Words: 0)
Again he groped for the light switch . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is true that most architectural schools have five year courses , some even have six or more . (Filtered Words: 0)
The virus antigen was concentrated in the pseudophloem tissue . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If once they become inattentive to the public affairs '' , [FILTERED] said , `` you and I , and Congress and assemblies , judges and governors , shall all become wolves '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In `` Revulsion '' , on the other hand , the pessimism is a case not proven ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not recognize it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
whom shall I fear ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A suggestion from [FILTERED] , a physicist in France , showed us that these electrons are not point particles but waves . (Filtered Words: 1)
It seemed to me that I was not only unlucky but quite stupid as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
They inhabit a secret world centered on `` go codes '' and `` gold phones '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She sought [FILTERED] out upstairs , her lips trembling . (Filtered Words: 1)
Assassination , even of a tyrant , is repulsive to men of good conscience . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asserted in the Continental Congress' Declaration of Rights that the demands of the colonies were in accordance with their charters , the British Constitution and the common law , and [FILTERED] appealed in the Declaration of Independence `` to the tribunal of the world '' for support of a revolution justified by `` the laws of nature and of nature's God '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
It spread to most of the audience and was often viewed by visiting whites who snickered behind handkerchief and afterward discussed Negro religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
She walked back to the house and entered , feeling herself returning , sensing some kind of opportunity in the empty building . (Filtered Words: 0)
Relativism and equality are its characteristic diseases . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drawers and cabinets in two bedrooms and a sewing room were ransacked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Comfortably fixed . (Filtered Words: 0)
We should not become confused or let our public become confused over irrelevant questions of number or even of geography . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soaring to stardom along with him , Margo Felicity Brighetti , a luscious and curvaceously beguiling Italian starlet , turns in a creditable performance as an airplane mechanic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could he walk out in the midst of his piece ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Holiness without which no man will see God . (Filtered Words: 0)
I drew diagrams and floor plans ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The stink is all the same to me , but I really think they can make one another out blindfolded '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the sides of the tappets are notches with sloping sides , and connection between the tappets and locking bars consist of cams called `` dogs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One need not waver in his belief in virile law enforcement to insist that there are other things in American life which are also of great importance , and to which even law enforcement must accommodate itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Man has the experience of being helpfully allied with what he cannot fully understand ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Future clouded (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of those vaguely-imagined new , different people . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is this curious blend of rugged individualism and public service which accounts for the great appeal of the mythological detective . (Filtered Words: 0)
age may be idealistic , believing and much given to professions of optimism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Am I dreamin ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
organization : (Filtered Words: 0)
Beaming idiotically , he pooched out his lips and attempted to kiss her . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a broader Atlantic community is to be formed -- and my own judgment is that it lies within the realm of both our needs and our capacity -- a ready nucleus of machinery is at hand in the NATO alliance . (Filtered Words: 0)
We're nearly there '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Edison could hardly have guessed , however , that Sophocles would one day appear in stereo . (Filtered Words: 0)
It made no difference that most evidence points to an opposite conclusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too often in the past Russian tactics have been used to justify like tactics on our part . (Filtered Words: 0)
The officers of the new corporation have naturally explored many angles , as well as personalities that might be affected . (Filtered Words: 0)
Promoters always hastened to place their choice tickets in the hands of the wealthy speculators , and only the man who knew the man who knew the fellow who had an in with the guy at the box office ever came up with a good seat for a contest of any importance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or Antares '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It contracts with outside repair garages for much of the latter work . (Filtered Words: 0)
he studied them , compared them with what he had been taught as a nestling , struggling to bridge between languages , the one he thought with and the one he was learning to think in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mailing the questionnaire (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , secretary ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He was reading from the Talmud with a group of men from his congregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was talking about antelope again when they woke up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look Jed , this is an open and shut case and I have to relieve my men at the road block soon . (Filtered Words: 0)
The remaining twenty-three towns have fiscal years which end prior to June 30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
all their men were bearded , and many of their women were beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon return of the file to the local board , petitioner was again ordered to report for induction and this prosecution followed his failure to do so . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this esoteric doctrine was lost in the shuffle to acquire special powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only possible answer to that is , I am a suffering Franco-Irishman . (Filtered Words: 0)
The expedient thing -- yes , very true , one must make do as one could , in some situations . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have the honor to refer to the Agricultural Commodities Agreement signed today between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of India ( hereinafter referred to as the Agreement ) and , with regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article 2 , of the Agreement , to state that the understanding of the Government of the United States of America is as follows : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet paradoxically my liberal friends continue to view [FILTERED] as one of their patron saints . (Filtered Words: 1)
Try to push back to the stand position from the stretched position without any intermediate pushes from the hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boredom is death . (Filtered Words: 0)
He never smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the puppets are of uniform size , you can change them in accord with your child's whims . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they were starting a new life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The colonial period has generally left people believing that government can , if it wishes , provide all manner of services for them -- and that with independence free men do not have to work to realize the benefits of modern life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately , the honor of the denomination can attest that Cyrus Bartol defended Parker's sincerity , as did also [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
You would call these the motives of crime . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am an attorney , not an instrument of vengeance '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He does , and more . (Filtered Words: 0)
a special fund created for that purpose pursuant to subsection ( A ) of this section any amounts hereafter paid , in United States dollars , by a foreign government which has entered into a claims settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection ( A ) of Section 4 of this Title . (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably no location for a pool is perfect on all counts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last two were a red and a black chow . (Filtered Words: 0)
between performances , enthusiastic young men from the audience will take the floor to demonstrate their own amateur graces . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had accomplished a miracle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , before the court ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
From that day on he never spoke to [FILTERED] or to [FILTERED] , or to [FILTERED]'s two boys , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 5)
Why did he want her to go to church ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I bobbed my head each time it appeared . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's a friend . (Filtered Words: 0)
Barton was relieved to see that [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had brought extra mounts . (Filtered Words: 2)
Cows receiving drug may not be officially tested under breed registry testing programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not really , it seems to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The process of flattening seemed inexorable , and it became necessary to emphasize the surface still further in order to prevent it from fusing with the illusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once he went after Hans and dumped his pot over the banister . (Filtered Words: 0)
I once heard a comedian say that if you are killed by a taxicab in New York , it is listed as `` death due to natural causes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was one of the high spots of the play . (Filtered Words: 0)
end of film . (Filtered Words: 0)
The legend as it exists in Fall River today always includes the solemn assurance that Bridget returned to Ireland after the trial with a `` big bundle '' of cash which [FILTERED] gave her for keeping her mouth shut . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the Westminster KC Dog Show in Madison Square Garden , New York on the second day , the Finals of the Junior Class brought out the most competitive competition in the history of this Class . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ida , where is the car license '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm not supposed to yet '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Where flexural strength is an important factor , be sure that your urethane foam processor is aware of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second piece is in turn glued and screwed to the first . (Filtered Words: 0)
She sat down and played two slots at once , looking grim , as if bested by mechanical devices , and [FILTERED] felt sorry for the lay-sisters depending on her support . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was also a dog , a dingo dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now they were empty , except for a cottage across the road . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he thought of [FILTERED] standing in his rich house saying : `` God is tired of taking the blame . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the first time in history the entire world is dominated by two large , powerful nations armed with murderous nuclear weapons that make conventional warfare of the past a nullity . (Filtered Words: 0)
These results appear sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the New York Times : (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , these conditions do not influence all children in the same manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
His face was fuller ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You wouldn't have me throw the poor boy out on the street '' , [FILTERED] said when I needled her about it . (Filtered Words: 1)
He stared at it , amazed , alarmed . (Filtered Words: 0)
he could feel more than hear the staccato beat of hoofs that fanned out across the prairie to the north . (Filtered Words: 0)
I bobbed my head each time it appeared . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked , when she passed him a glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
She scoffed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He may not rise to the heights , but he can get by , and eventually be retired . (Filtered Words: 0)
The creator trusts his intuition to lead him along a path that has internal validity because it mirrors the reality of his experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shortly the group would issue its report to the Secretary General , recommending [FILTERED] dismissal from the United Nations . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Why don't you name him Jesus Christ ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A patient could receive up to 300 days paid-for nursing home care under a `` unit formula '' allowing more of such care for those who use none or only part of the hospital-care credit . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can't you possibly imagine what life is going to be like , here '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was permitted . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the light of those events , there appeared to be a real danger that Premier [FILTERED] might overreach himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
The second name was ( [FILTERED] ) [FILTERED] , matriculated from Queens' College at Easter , 1625 . (Filtered Words: 2)
Snatching the lantern from its peg , he shattered its globe with a blow against a post . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , the network's willingness to experiment in this musical field is to be commended , and future essays happily anticipated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Start of tour (Filtered Words: 0)
There remains , of course , the question of what the West can do beyond diplomatic protest to prevent the illegal efforts from becoming accomplished facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Silence came into the forest -- a solid being that clapped its hand over the murmuring mouths of the birds and the whispered comfort of the trees . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't want to put himself outside the law . (Filtered Words: 0)
We concluded that we may refer workers to the fieldwork ( but not the packing shed work ) provided we give them written notice of the packing shed dispute . (Filtered Words: 0)
The desk before him was in no better repair than the rest of the furniture crowded into the room , including wooden file cabinets with some of their pulls yanked off and a wardrobe stained with the roof seepage of countless seasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Cousin Ada ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The $6,100,000,000 measure , which was passed last Monday by the Senate , provides for forty-year mortgages at low down-payments for moderate-income families . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is an extraordinary sense of presence in all of these recordings , apparently obtained at least in part by emphasizing the middle and high frequencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
reagents . (Filtered Words: 0)
Close behind the plane of the tappets are the locking bars . (Filtered Words: 0)
While he was in custody his wife divorced him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In order to focus clearly upon the operation of this one force , which we may call the effect of `` public-limit pricing '' on `` key '' wage bargains , we deliberately simplify the model by abstracting from other forces , such as union power , which may be relevant in an actual situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
How can they tell whether a child needs orthodontic treatment ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly the optimism of age protests too much . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then suddenly there was a tremendous revulsion of popular feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here , nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You are very tactful , do you know , Stephen '' , she remarked . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was no need for [FILTERED] to go on , since all she wanted in life was to make a home for [FILTERED] and ( blushing ) raise his children . (Filtered Words: 2)
Where to file . (Filtered Words: 0)
These frequencies are amplified and detected by the FM receiver after each burst of transmitted energy and , after the `` pill '' has been calibrated , precise internal pressure indications can be obtained . (Filtered Words: 0)
The grounds for the Church's position are Scriptural ( Old Testament ) , the teachings of the fathers and doctors of the early Church , the unbroken tradition of nineteen centuries , the decisions of the highest ecclesiastical authority and the natural law . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wore no gun -- a strange ommission for a peace officer in this country . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lord slugged him in the stomach , so hard that the organ almost pressed against his spine . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a 34 foot Wheeler with Chief [FILTERED]'s in big gold letters on its stern also tied up at the dock . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We'd give him things to deliver , letters , checks , deeds and things like that '' , remembers his half-brother [FILTERED] , still in the real estate business in Savannah , `` and learn days later that he'd absent-mindedly stuffed them into his pocket . (Filtered Words: 1)
The data given in Table 2 , show the routine operation of the aerator . (Filtered Words: 0)
Invite class members to share in an extra period of Bible study each week . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second half of the film `` Communism on the Map '' and the movie `` Operation Abolition '' also will be shown . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a powerful sense of community , even with little or no machinery , means a great deal . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , not now '' , said the teacher . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is expected to supervise , to encourage , to direct , to assist in any way he can . (Filtered Words: 0)
So was the audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
The countryside looked like a beautiful open park with gentle slopes and soft gray tree-clumps . (Filtered Words: 0)
These men were without capital or experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
She scoffed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It should be enough to say that the practice of the state buying automobiles is at least forty years old . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ceilings '' were judged by comparison with known mountain heights and cloud positions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sweat bubbled out on Jess's swarthy face . (Filtered Words: 0)
The accumulation of such devices , however , soon had the effect of telescoping , even while separating , surface and depth . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the frequent and rancorous verbal bouts , `` uncalled for and unjustifiable , from the retort discourteous to the lie direct '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Fairmount Park Commission will no doubt approve my two proposals , because it is responsible for the change of ideological atmosphere in the Square . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , after all , a non-romantic work ( even with the big , juicy melody of the second movement ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
not like the cracker-box construction of so many of the motel units that have stucco all over the outside but walls that are thin enough so you can hear every movement of the people in the adjoining apartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What pictures '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I might have got hit by that truck if it wasn't for you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also given are several laboratory wash procedures in general use . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any approach toward such a system looks toward saving and security . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bullshit '' , he said softly . (Filtered Words: 0)
right-of-entry plus enforcement authority ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She radiated warmth and good fellowship . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' , and `` Too Marvelous For Words '' ( all with [FILTERED] ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The contribution of this paper is a demonstration of this proposition , and an exploration of some of its implications . (Filtered Words: 0)
today , on the contrary , it seemed utterly reasonable . (Filtered Words: 0)
His visitors had crawled through the south fence and were crossing the meadow , angling toward the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
These could be met only by considering the dynamical elements of several planets at one time . (Filtered Words: 0)
He whistled as he locked the office and grinned as he got on the elevator . (Filtered Words: 0)
They provided a social security system which covered all their African employes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You need more chlorine . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 The Redbirds' disheartening 11-7 collapse against the Phillies Sunday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alfred looked straight ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
The probable answer is that it will do so just as long as Russia can exercise a veto in favor of chaos and until young African nations wake up to the truth that out of false pride they are visiting ruin on Central Africa . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
At a minimum , recording -- usually on tape , which is now in wide professional use -- brings the psychiatric interview alive so that the full range of emotion and meaning can be explored repeatedly by the therapist or by a battery of therapists . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the growing number of Negro-appeal radio stations , plus evidence of strong listener support of their advertisers , give time salesmen an impressive argument as they approach new prospects . (Filtered Words: 0)
The coordination complexes formed by transition metals with primary and secondary phosphines and arsines are being investigated ( [FILTERED] ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Waddell said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Belgians would not fight for the privilege of being the detested pedagogue ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You ain't kidding me -- the kid don't know the name of this town '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It might have been easier for her if [FILTERED] hadn't been everything that Blanche was not . (Filtered Words: 1)
It must , apparently , be motion without termini . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's all I think about , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a series of fairy tales and fantasies , Melies demonstrated that the film is superbly equipped to tell a straightforward story , with beginning , middle and end , complications , resolutions , climaxes , and conclusions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Minneapolis , Aug. 7 (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] investigator last summer and now it's Inspector Jed . (Filtered Words: 1)
A news item described the launching of a ship : `` Completing the ceremony , the beautiful movie star smashed a bottle of champagne over her stern as she slid gracefully down the ways into the sea '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
the room's occupants were still seated or they had been called into the hallway by an alarmed police captain . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That Mrs. [FILTERED] ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Through their professional organization , the Rhode Island Tax Officials Association the question of taxing boats long has been debated and discussed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You've give me the wrong change '' , said the customer sharply . (Filtered Words: 0)
They give strict interpretation to [FILTERED] statement that `` Every idea that enters the mind tends to express itself '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the past few years the men , mostly husbands of members , have taken an interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
We cannot take the space to record all the efforts for the removal or alleviation of collective ills . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , in the old days -- when they had come to see the moon or displays of fireworks -- sat the king and his court while priests , soldiers , and other members of the party lounged in the smaller alcoves between . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they have trouble exporting , international bill for their support will grow larger than it otherwise would . (Filtered Words: 0)
We should spread the view that planning and national development are serious matters which call for effort as well as enthusiasm . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , the exchange would not be expected to be sensitive to trace amounts of impurities because it would not be apt to be a chain reaction since the activation energy for abstraction of chlorine by a chlorine atom would be expected to be too high ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Until the last year or so the profession of friendship with the United States had been an article of faith with Trujillo , and altogether too often this profession was accepted here as evidence of his good character . (Filtered Words: 0)
According to The Chicago Tribune News Service , State Atty. Gen. [FILTERED] of California has devised a series of questions which the joiner might well ask about any organization seeking his money and his name : 1 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The state has recently undertaken liability insurance for drivers of state cars . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is absurd to speak of philosophy as a superior enterprise to sociology , since the former is a logical , rational discipline , where sociology is essentially descriptive and empirical . (Filtered Words: 0)
So what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Here there may be an analogy with cancer : we can detect cancers by their rapidly accelerating growth , determinable only when related to the more normal rate of healthy growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The smaller the particle the further it will travel downwind before settling out . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's the law . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is due this week (Filtered Words: 1)
Life is further characterized , in antithesis to Piepsam , as animal : the image of a dog , which appears at several places , is first given as the criterion of amiable , irrelevant interest aroused by life considered simply as a spectacle : a dog in a wagon is `` admirable '' , `` a pleasure to contemplate '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Factories are located here and in Prattville , Ala. . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] affirmed , feeling ten feet tall . (Filtered Words: 1)
Youth obeyed when commanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
These vehicles , with large sensitive areas , have collected data for long enough times to give reliable impact rates for the periods of exposure . (Filtered Words: 0)
She snapped . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a mistake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Control of the government -- such control as there was and such government as there was -- passed into the hands of [FILTERED] , chief of staff of the Congolese army . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Wait a little while . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fight with [FILTERED] , fight with the whole damned Bureau . (Filtered Words: 1)
I concur that it is necessary for Americans to have a confrontation of the situation existing in foreign lands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor are optimistic and socially-oriented themes at all rare in the distinctive religious history of this country . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the caves , with other supplies , they had kept cases of sake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Top job : research scientist (Filtered Words: 0)
For mosquito bites a paste of half a glass of salt and half a glass of soda was made . (Filtered Words: 0)
the something was the home run . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and materials-handling equipment makers now offer specialized units to meet almost every homebuilding need . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was nothing wrong with her job . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's get inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps it was his misfortune , or good fortune , whichever way one looked at it , to belong to the former group , and he was struggling unconsciously to build up pressure in a world which demanded none , which was positively antagonistic to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tried to ask the Lady Da how long they had had the drug , and how much longer they would have to wait before they had it again . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd had no idea how unhappy his sweet peach had been . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quite frequently class members brought questions from their mates at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
And you know you will always wonder all of your life whether it was because you wanted him so bad that you didn't get him , and you can feel nearly sorry enough to cry when you think of that other guy , the chump who begged you to marry him , the one with the plastered hair and the car he couldn't afford and the too-shiny shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What happens when there's no more water '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Whereas the usual organic surface-active agent is strongly sorbed at oil - water interfaces , the highly charged ions are most strongly sorbed at interfaces between water and insoluble materials exhibiting an ionic structure ( see Table 26-2 on p. 1678 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
He unlaced his high brown shoes and took off the metal brace on his leg . (Filtered Words: 0)
He came out alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outlook for the amateur , for instance , is usually dependent on his fondness for local history or for the picturesque . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s shot had caught him high in the chest ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
I've got something to say to you , and by God you're going to listen . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a fortunate time in which to build , for the seventeenth century was a great period in Persian art . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Building plans are on page 21 . (Filtered Words: 0)
So sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the UN troops are not mercenaries then the Hessians were not mercenaries either . (Filtered Words: 0)
He glanced back . (Filtered Words: 0)
At war's end leadership in Western Europe passed from Britain because the Labour Government devoted its attention to the creation of a welfare state . (Filtered Words: 0)
The police were disqualified along with certain categories of naturalized citizens , criminals and those punished for Protectorate activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
The objectification of the world of spirit in popular superstition had certainly gone far beyond what the experience of spirit could justify or support . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had no way of knowing in advance whether an opportunity for murder existed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was muscular but it wasn't symmetrical . (Filtered Words: 0)
She went on : (Filtered Words: 0)
-- To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 10 to 20 grams per ton . (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic needs (Filtered Words: 0)
Around New England , you'll no doubt want a color shot of one of the picturesque lighthouses . (Filtered Words: 0)
He considered opening a can of beer but vetoed that idea too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maximizing economic and cultural opportunity (Filtered Words: 0)
A religious community with a vital sense of mission achieves a degree of group orientation and group identification seldom found elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since rococo music tends to be pretty and elegant above all , it can seem rather vacuous to twentieth-century ears that have grown accustomed to the stress and dissonances of composers from Beethoven to Boulez . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the second , more shops , laboratories , and staff will be required . (Filtered Words: 0)
His voice had not commanded her to stop . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Have you got enough blankets '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Everybody had heard of [FILTERED] , the French impressionist . (Filtered Words: 1)
Charges in doubt (Filtered Words: 0)
I sat there with the faint odor of charcoal-broiled steaks tantalizing my nostrils and occasionally catching the aroma of coffee . (Filtered Words: 0)
One doctor made a careful survey of his patients and the reasons for their troubles , and he reported that 40% of them worried about things that never happened ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
So if you are made of atoms , you are just a big machine ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Crowds flocked through the waterfront streets chattering loudly in their strange-sounding Bengali tongue . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had been snared here by a vile sensuality that writhed around her throat in ever-tightening circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the height of the first snowstorm we had , it was impossible for me to get medical attention needed during an emergency . (Filtered Words: 0)
I tell you when it's necessary to hurt in order to win -- you won't do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elements used in combination will increase the over-all capability more than the sum of the capabilities of the individual elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
The miracle of democratic America comes home to one most strongly only when one has seen the endless Great Plains of the Midwest ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We speak from varying viewpoints . (Filtered Words: 0)
Help him ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
) left vague , the spirit of vigilantism is spreading . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had purchased the Alliance Furniture Mart seventeen years ago . (Filtered Words: 1)
Originally , the main types used were various compositions of polyesters . (Filtered Words: 0)
They dislike dense vegetation . (Filtered Words: 0)
During World War 2 , about 7.5 million persons were enrolled in courses organized under two special programs administered by state and local school authorities : ( 1 ) Vocational Education for National Defense , and ( 2 ) War Production Training . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had considered throwing erasers or flipping paperwads at someone or pulling the hair of the girl sitting in front of him , but he couldn't take a chance on either of these possibilities : the teacher probably would make him stand face-to-wall in a corner instead of stay in after school . (Filtered Words: 0)
I showed her the shower and tub , and she said , smiling , `` If you really don't mind , I think I'll get clean in the shower , then soak for a few minutes in your tub . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simply because the subverting action of firms that are not members of the Distilled Spirits Institute and of radio and TV stations that are not members of the NAB tends to spread . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- of a rifle and killed ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
However well chosen and cleverly arranged , such memorabilia unfortunately amounted to more of an interruption than an auxiliary to the evening's main business , which ( considering the talent at hand ) should probably have been the gathering of fresh samples of the Chicago style . (Filtered Words: 0)
hence changes in attitudes and values can be analyzed for identical individuals at two points in time . (Filtered Words: 0)
had been seen to leave . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , the time of death . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm always trying to find a breaking table in blackjack . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first two types of change occur within the inward and immanent structure of the society . (Filtered Words: 0)
He crawled into bed and switched off the light . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any little dose of radiation might knock off these critters '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wages of sin is death . (Filtered Words: 0)
Funds contributed by the Government are repaid by a royalty on production from the property . (Filtered Words: 0)
She brought the quirt down , slashing it across his cheek , and he tried to step back . (Filtered Words: 0)
The subsequent two-weeks wait made the crew quarrelsome . (Filtered Words: 0)
The anchorite strove , in fact , to magically influence the world of spirits in the same way that the divine emperor manifested his power . (Filtered Words: 0)
Holmes is a public servant , to be sure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This was war . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was easy to see that they were made for each other , and they knew what they wanted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He wanted Mr. [FILTERED] to pose with one of the guitars he had displayed behind glass in the center of his shop , but the poet eyed this somewhat distastefully . (Filtered Words: 1)
The data are presented in text and tables in bound volumes . (Filtered Words: 0)
From under the shapeless huddle of blanket the feet moved in the mud . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not imagine a flower's being brave enough to grow beside [FILTERED] , Larkspur , and the rest . (Filtered Words: 1)
In any instance , you should determine the exposure according to the type of light which falls on most of the subject area . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
In the morning we leave the room looking as neat as a pin ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Haney didn't want to encourage his company , but felt he ought to buy him a drink anyhow , to prevent possible trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drank a glass of water and gripped the sink with both hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither Mantle nor [FILTERED] , understandably , will predict 60 home runs for himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
Byron inquired . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was recognized years ago that the transition from daytime to nighttime propagation conditions , and vice versa , is not an instantaneous process , but takes place over periods of time from roughly 2 hours before sunset until about 2 hours after sunset , and again from roughly 2 hours before sunrise until some 2 hours after sunrise . (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have better rooms vacant now '' , he babbled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be careful here not to overexpose this subject since they are extremely bright and light-reflecting . (Filtered Words: 0)
they are difficult to counter , cost little to maintain until required , and can be put into place quickly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would you be happier if I made up some stories about my life , told you some lies ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt a queasiness in my own stomach but it wouldn't do to show these girls that we were afraid . (Filtered Words: 0)
This day [FILTERED] had started first . (Filtered Words: 1)
The most obvious of these is the quadratic complex of tangents to Q , each line of which is transformed into the entire pencil of lines tangent to Q at the image of the point of tangency of the given line . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first instance , adequate appropriate reading materials and library accommodations must be planned . (Filtered Words: 0)
But don't tell that to a veteran of the Fighting Seventh , especially in a saloon on Saturday night . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was staring at the blue china lamp left on beside him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some memorable plays have been drawn from books , notably Life With Father and Diary Of Anne Frank . (Filtered Words: 0)
By early summer , he wrote from [FILTERED] that he was suffering from the wound inflicted in the ambush and was in a bad way financially , so Pels sent him a draft for $100 , warning that it was still not wise for him to return . (Filtered Words: 1)
But that did not prevent him from writing more long letters , or from coming to spend his Christmas vacations with the hospitable , lively Szolds in their pleasant house on Lombard Street . (Filtered Words: 0)
Various of the apartments are of the terrace type , being on the ground floor so that entrance is direct . (Filtered Words: 0)
Faith Constable had accomplished much in a quarter of a century . (Filtered Words: 0)
These objectives are stated here because of their importance in understanding the current activities of the Planning Division . (Filtered Words: 0)
final conclusions will have to await the measurements of broods from definite localities . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is very uncommon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
California has accepted the provisions of that [FILTERED] ( as have all other States ) by enacting into our Code ( Section 2051 ) a provision that (Filtered Words: 1)
at last , alarm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Minnesota , fabled land of waters , is in itself , ideal vacationland , having within its borders 10,000 lakes ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The pale blob of the woman disappeared . (Filtered Words: 0)
Data in the present edition are presented in tables and lists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once more , [FILTERED] reared , and whinnied in fear . (Filtered Words: 1)
Buckets were filled , the herd fed and watered . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was , it seems to me , enough in the openly declared principles and intentions of Russian leaders to alienate honorable men without their having to wait to see how it would turn out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Coach played 3 years (Filtered Words: 0)
On the wall of this square there are delightful bas-reliefs of musical instruments . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gives Af , which is the pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
An important operation in soliciting industrial locations involves what we term `` Missionary calls '' by one of this Division's industrial promotion specialists . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` To absent loved ones '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's really asking for it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
along the [FILTERED] and among the Carpathians , in alliance with the Emperor Joseph's armies ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
It's a streamlined rifle , fast and well-made . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its abstract decor is by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] bought some cotton aprons , and [FILTERED] bought shoestrings . (Filtered Words: 2)
A family of five plans to go together either to the beach or to the mountains , and a coin is tossed to decide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Diametric opposition must persist as to the future course of prices , if there is to persist a market at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
It expanded from hand screw machines to automatic screw machines , from simple formed-tooth gear cutting machines to gear hobbing machines and a large contract gear manufacturing business , from rudimentary belt-driven universal milling machines to a broad line of elaborately controlled knee-type and manufacturing type milling machines . (Filtered Words: 0)
To determine car speed for a given combination of engine speed , gear ratio , and tire size , the formula is : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is an assumption with which few would be disposed to quarrel . (Filtered Words: 0)
The editorial `` Confrontation '' was certainly direct in its appeal to those of us living here in America . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sixteen panels , each slightly more than 1-1/2 ft. wide , make up the 25-ft. length of the sign . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I try to treat Daniel as if he were normal , though of course I realize he is far from that at present . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jokes and arguments grow louder until the police return ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The soldier's voice was muffled again , stricken with chagrin . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If I could only think of something at the studio , near me , to absorb his boundless energy '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was rollickingly happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
P denotes the state at any point T and Q the vector of operating variables there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several sections of a loaf of dark bread ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Such manipulations are frequently encountered in his essay on the suppression of the monasteries during the English reformation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Le rouge et le noir . (Filtered Words: 0)
foster and participate in regional , national , and international conferences relating to saline water conversion ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
With the spring rains the flow rose rapidly due to infiltration in open sewers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I promised him I wouldn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The assumptions upon which the example shown in Figure 3 is based are : ( A ) One man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinates are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal coaching , indoctrinating , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You will stay here thirty minutes after the others go home this afternoon and work your problems '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upper teeth completely covering the lowers when the back teeth close . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nor Methodists , neither '' , she replied . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both the conditions and the complicity are documented in considerable detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
He nodded at the door in front of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] bites were eased by applying liquid bluing . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was also a dog , a dingo dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
Answer (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes those who know about them are too far down the line to be able to do anything about them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] had been scheduled for the treatment too , but apparently it was to take place at the time of the full moon when the Athenians themselves , out of respect for the natural beauty of the occasion , were wont to forgo their own usual nocturnal illumination . (Filtered Words: 1)
But it may be , also , that he is merely more mindful of athletics than of esthetics at the present time . (Filtered Words: 0)
There must first be a deeper sense that the church belongs not to us but to Christ , and that it is His purpose , not our own interests and preferences , that determines what it is to be and do . (Filtered Words: 0)
The field , then , is ripe for new Southerners to step to the fore and write of this twentieth-century phenomenon , the Southern Yankeefication : the new urban economy , the city-dweller , the pains of transition , the labor problems ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His statements about sports and exercises of a physical nature are suggestive , but inconclusive . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this decision a man must take personal responsibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not even Varnessa ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One might argue that the ultimate purpose of literary scholarship is to correct this spontaneous provincialism that is likely to obscure the horizons of the general public , of the newspaper critic , and of the creative artist himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] gave the slow movement some of the quality of a [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
We're ruined and he's going to get out if I have to throw him down the stairs '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
In that event , we can correctly say that we have received an authoritative interpretation of the matter , and one which we can follow statewide with confidence that the policy will not be overthrown in other Superior Courts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] said yesterday he would be willing to go before the city council `` or anyone else locally '' to outline his proposal at the earliest possible time . (Filtered Words: 1)
He lifted the skirt of Macklin's coat , took his gun from its holster , tossed it onto the desk . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had been kind to us and we were indebted to them for one or two pleasant dinners , and for information as to where to shop , which dentist , doctor , plumber , and sitter to call ( not that there was much of a choice , since Catatonia was just a village ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider using vending machines rather than subsidized cafeterias . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the best results , feed this level to cattle 3 to 5 days preceding shipment and/or 3 to 5 days following their arrival in your feed lot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two more shots followed in quick succession , dropping him limp and huddled on the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , age 14 , from Baltimore , Md. , showing a [FILTERED] , was 3rd . (Filtered Words: 2)
We've all been rich and spoiled long enough to hate the machine age . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel wore a smart hat and , because she had been warned recently about smoking , puffed at her cigarettes through a long ivory holder stained with lipstick . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were running from something . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] shrugged . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] of Hillsboro , [FILTERED] of North Plains and Lorlyn and [FILTERED] of Hillsboro . (Filtered Words: 3)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
And this was Gladdy's mother ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It was here that the terror-stricken Dennis Moon played an unrehearsed role during the children's party . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How you going to work with a child hanging on you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The host of novel applications of electronics to medical problems is far more thrilling because of their implication in matters concerning our health and vitality . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and his family moved to Plymouth . (Filtered Words: 1)
( The last doorman that saw me do that should calm himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
It exists alongside the acceptance of traditional forms of organized religion ( church , ordained personnel , ritual , dogma ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody came until Chief Moore '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the civic temper rises , the more naive citizens begin to play soldier -- but the guns are real . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now you go outside and beckon me when it's safe '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prokofieff was able to adjust his creative personality to a swiftly changing world without losing his particular force and direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this reason , the more uncertain skywave service was denominated `` secondary '' in our rules , as compared to the steadier , more reliable groundwave `` primary service '' , and , for both skywave service and skywave interference , signal strength is expressed in terms of percentage of time a particular signal-intensity level is exceeded -- 50 percent of the time for skywave service , 10 percent of the time for skywave interference . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My doctors assure me that this increased percentage of risk is not great '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bartender brought Rourke's drink and [FILTERED] laid a twenty-dollar bill on the bar . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] is very important . (Filtered Words: 1)
The title refers to the nickname given his wife by the composer , who is also a member of the National Film Board of Canada . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , her divorced husband , lived there . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Tomorrow will be a new experience -- I have never before made love to a nightingale . (Filtered Words: 0)
The grand jury commented on a number of other topics , among them the Atlanta and Fulton County purchasing departments which it said `` are well operated and follow generally accepted practices which inure to the best interest of both governments '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyhow , I wasn't surprised , early that morning , to see [FILTERED] himself crossing from [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The result will be the same regardless of the order used . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's mad at the world '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
During fiscal year 1959 , six courses were conducted : Forensic Pathology , Application of Histochemistry to Pathology , Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals , Ophthalmic Pathology , Pathology of the Oral Regions , and a Cardiovasculatory Pathology Seminar . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fought to the end to preserve it as a `` government of the people , by the people , for the people '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ran into the rapture of the depths . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1899 , Parliament erected a statue to Cromwell in Westminster , facing Whitehall and there , presumably , he still stands . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is not allowed . (Filtered Words: 1)
It took a tragedy to bring things to a head . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , at last '' , she said , because [FILTERED] was clattering down the stairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was waiting . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she did not know which way to go . (Filtered Words: 0)
own pride and humility . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man wheezed weakly , his fetid breath beating softly against [FILTERED]'s neck . (Filtered Words: 1)
These letters became the center of my existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heat and serve hot on toast . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can't blame a man for leavin' his wife '' , he said quite cheerfully . (Filtered Words: 0)
and there persists the dual problem of maintaining operational unity around a national program of modernization while simultaneously decentralizing participation in the program to wider and wider groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
Af is the shear force along the shear plane ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was curious how the different visitors took this . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only in one instance have we moved purposively and effectively to dislodge existing Communist power : in Guatemala . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They don't like it if I do anything away from home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Repeat these drill and tap operations for each of the tappet bars . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is how the Jews prepare a body for burial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , that particular message does no more than weakly echo the roar in all fresh blood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Issue no. 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
His tone is the weakest part of his equipment ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For this reason , too , their language is more forthright and earthy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the end of the afternoon when he took the huge key out of his pocket and inserted it into the keyhole . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
When Continental Airlines night-coach Flight 54 took off at 11:30 one night last week , there was no reason to think it would take any longer . (Filtered Words: 0)
television ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and I was six days going thither and coming homewards ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This conflict may be resolved in a way which will suit white middle-class people better than it suits white lower-class people . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was watching for numbers . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
and Dr. [FILTERED] , reader in applied mathematics at the Imperial College of Science and Technology , London . (Filtered Words: 1)
She ascribed her delight with both experiences to the effect they seemed to have of temporarily removing from her the controls which she felt so compulsively necessary to maintain even when it might seem appropriate to relax these controls . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suffer from mixed feelings . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was going to do one or two more films for cash and then chuck it all , leave Rome and its intellectual cliques and money-fed life , go back to Calabria . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negroes represent nothing to him personally , except , perhaps , the dangers of carnality . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be profitable , I believe , to read these realistic humorists alongside [FILTERED]'s works , the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly , but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time , to [FILTERED]'s time . (Filtered Words: 2)
For an instant the old aunt felt something indefinable flash through her smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Styka blew his nose again . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had bought their house in Catatonia after investigating all the regions of suburbia surrounding New York ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Experts say the partners in marriages like these can almost be typed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Planning of vocational education programs and courses is oriented to local employer needs for trained workers . (Filtered Words: 0)
if it smells of cork , one has grounds for suspicion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The farm value of seeds produced in this country for all purposes , including the cereals , is nearly 10 billion dollars a year . (Filtered Words: 0)
So the verdict was `` death at the hands of a person or persons unknown '' , and the elite of the city , accepting [FILTERED]'s testimony , welcomed her and the doctor back into the fold . (Filtered Words: 1)
Systems which detect submarines over wide areas are attractive , although they can be only `` burglar alarms '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you're goin' to kill 'em -- ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
We finished the bottle -- I hadn't had a lot out of it earlier -- not speaking much to each other , and we stayed sober . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think that my grandmother was not an impassioned gardener : she was too indulgent a lover of dogs and grandchildren . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , the [FILTERED] assented . (Filtered Words: 1)
Most orthodontists require an initial payment to cover the cost of diagnostic materials and construction of the appliances , but usually the remainder of the cost may be spread over a period of months or years . (Filtered Words: 0)
the ceramic material of the age is more abundant , more diversified , and more indicative of the hopes and fears of its makers , who begin to show scenes of human life and death . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually this is a thin band of wire attached to the molars and stretching across the teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
In February 1801 , Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead . (Filtered Words: 0)
His mother was nudging him , but he was still falling . (Filtered Words: 0)
The eyes of the figure of the Nile are covered , perhaps either to symbolize the mystery of her source or to obscure from her sight the baroque facade of the Church of Sant' Agnese in Agone , the work of Bernini's rival , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nightclubs (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't look like what I thought of as an old man , and his lively and erudite speech made him seem even younger . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Mexican justice of the peace had issue a writ against [FILTERED] for taking part in the `` murder '' of [FILTERED] so he and his father were anxious to be taken out of danger . (Filtered Words: 2)
Using a Batista man to screen refugees represented a total misunderstanding of the democratic forces which alone can effectively oppose [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A large number of these Juniors have 7 and 8 wins to their credit and are seasoned campaigners . (Filtered Words: 0)
She has to have at least one car herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've given willful hurt to no man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Above him slid the evasive shadow of a storm cloud . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mainly of what Conrad had tried to make him believe . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jotted Lyon : This mad world dept. : [FILTERED] and the Kremlin crowd are confident all right . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gavin slipped his arms around his chest and hugged him fiercely . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the dynamics of airflow , from morphologic considerations alone , may conceivably be different in the monkey than in the horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the same means he perceives this fact as having communicated itself to the audience ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If I catch you one more time down here without stockings '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Particularly was this true when the norms previously applied were no longer satisfactory to many , when customs were rapidly changing as the forces of the new productivity were harnessed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] earlier selections were Mendelssohn's Variations Serieuses , in which each variation was nicely set off from the others ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The fashion show , by [FILTERED] will have Mrs. [FILTERED] as commentator . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Beneath any feeling he has of the good or the evil of the world lies a deeper one of wonder at it all . (Filtered Words: 0)
These officers found no incriminating information . (Filtered Words: 0)
The retention period in the aerated lagoon ranged from 9.8 to 2.6 days , averaging 6.4 days . (Filtered Words: 0)
He prefers to designate such schools as `` general '' high schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drive the demons out of her and teach her to stay away from my husband '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Some historians have found his point of view not to their taste , others have complained that he makes the Tory tradition appear `` contemptible rather than intelligible '' , while a sympathetic critic has remarked that the `` intricate interplay of social dynamics and political activity of which , at times , politicians are the ignorant marionettes is not a field for the exercise of his talents '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After correspondence with Miss Packard and to the joy of Miss Packard and [FILTERED] , she came to Atlanta , in the fall of 1888 , to help wherever needed , although there was then no money available to pay her a salary . (Filtered Words: 1)
The dormitories , including the beloved Dartmouth Hall , could barely house two hundred students in Spartan fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moving past the presidential viewing stand and Lafayette Square will be at least 40 marching units . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their collaboration in the Beethoven Second Symphony was lucid , intelligent and natural sounding . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since little is known about autism , and almost nothing has been written for the layman , we'd like to share one experienced mother's comments . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] never forgot [FILTERED] , his home community , and he never forgot Texas . (Filtered Words: 2)
So widen it as to minimize the present curves and eliminate drainage problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
Preparation began slightly more than a year after independence with the first steps to organize rural communes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He handed the bayonet to [FILTERED] and kept the pistol . (Filtered Words: 1)
Without a tremor , `` God forbid '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Better make up your mind , son '' , Sabella said . (Filtered Words: 0)
After drastically overhauling NATO , Western leadership should turn to reducing the suspicions that tear apart the East and West . (Filtered Words: 0)
Musmanno was on deck . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somebody with no vices . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. John 10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just what '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Legislature should be granted the opportunity to complete its work before choosing up sides for the race . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
use slip to join overlapped ends together . (Filtered Words: 0)
therefore , the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than proclamation -- like elements will have to be assimilated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Olivetti took over Underwood , the U.S. typewriter maker , in late 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was an excellent concert . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ceased weeping . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's all right to smoke , but make sure your cigarettes are out before you leave . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now a distinguished old man called on nine divinities to come and join us . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miami , Fla. , March 17 (Filtered Words: 0)
As [FILTERED]'s antisocial conduct increased , our invitations decreased and my heart was in my mouth whenever I played hostess at a fashionable `` screenland '' gathering . (Filtered Words: 1)
The bride , daughter of Rhodes [FILTERED] of Houston and the late Mrs. [FILTERED] , was president of [FILTERED] and a member of Mortar Board at Aj . (Filtered Words: 3)
His Ethics defines `` possessions as the property of the community , of which the individual is sovereign steward . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I like to follow the holidays when they come along . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the kind of frame that is only put around the photograph of a dead person . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do employees contribute their share of money to recreational facilities ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She jerked the coat back on and squeezed it around her again , but not soon enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll go up to the Edgewater Beach Hotel for dinner '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The closest scrutiny is owed to the Anglo-Saxon kennings and the Homeric epithets ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , by starting the Peace Corps now we will be able to begin training young men and women for overseas duty this summer with the objective of placing them in overseas positions by late fall . (Filtered Words: 0)
A painful stab hit him in the abdomen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hegel's profound admiration for the insights of the Greek tragedians indicates a broad channel of classical influence upon nineteenth-century philosophy . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] snatched a deep breath . (Filtered Words: 1)
Expected of a commander (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] put down a dish of lukewarm rice . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You can't stay here with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stains , which include the wide variety of nonparticulate materials which give color even when present in very low concentration on the soiled object . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You and I have fallen out of literature into politics '' , [FILTERED] observed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pels complained : `` Litigants and witnesses were put to the expense and inconvenience of going long distances to transact business ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Easy '' , Nogol confirmed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Belgian government decided to act , and on July 10 dispatched paratroops to the Congo . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was fascinated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although a similar situs for tangible property is mentioned in the statute , this is cancelled out by the provision that definite kinds of property `` and all other tangible property '' situated or being in any town is taxable where the property is situated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only a dozen or so schools send as many as six students , and there are seldom more than fifteen men in any single delegation . (Filtered Words: 0)
These twin tendencies seem to have reached their height in the Han dynasty . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was interested in psychiatry , because there was much an understanding nurse could do to help the patients . (Filtered Words: 1)
When the first sprinkling of green appears I remove the board . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew it would be implied that it was done in this way at his insistence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boonton (Filtered Words: 0)
Product research and development (Filtered Words: 0)
Both [FILTERED]'s and [FILTERED]'s lives were threatened by the Mexicans following the killing , but the company officers felt that in the end , it would serve to quiet them despite their immediate emotion . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` None for you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Standing then with the others , peering into the sun , he saw the bright , multicolored legion , their hair flying like dark banners , only the thunder , the roll of drums , the mad cacophony of the hoofs accompanying them . (Filtered Words: 0)
These little songs , however , were sweet nothings from the heart , tender memories of his childhood , little melodies that anyone could hum and that would make one want to weep . (Filtered Words: 0)
According to Whipple ( 1955 ) , cometary debris is sufficient to replenish the material spiraling into the sun , maintaining a fairly steady state . (Filtered Words: 0)
Table 7-1 illustrates the point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tooth fit explained (Filtered Words: 0)
He rode in at the head of sixty trigger-happy and liquor-crazed desperadoes and took over a livery barn at the entrance to Main Street . (Filtered Words: 0)
He moved forward to within thirty-five feet of her , being careful , because he knew the female is less predictable than the male . (Filtered Words: 0)
the room's occupants were still seated or they had been called into the hallway by an alarmed police captain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where the hell did he get off threatening to report any laxness on their part to the captain ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You wouldn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men fortified a blockhouse and got ready to fight , but meanwhile appealed to the King and again tried to arbitrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's have a drink and discuss a merger '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] thought he saw a way out . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Thirty-eighth Regiment of Ohio Volunteers , one of the regiments in [FILTERED]' First Division during Buell's command , suffered its greatest loss of the war in this action . (Filtered Words: 1)
At no time were algae found in the mixed liquor . (Filtered Words: 0)
It served also as a literary form exactly appropriate to the fragmented audience of modern urban culture . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a thrill he felt no part in . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the midst of this crowded region was the Allen African Methodist [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I do not know that this is true ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Each could be the real thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't think you'll find many active Christian salesmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American Bishops assembled at the Third Plenary Council of Baltimore urged the Catholic people to read the Holy Bible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus technical efficiency is achieved at the expense of actual experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
The House was his habitat and there he flourished , first as a young representative , then as a forceful committee chairman , and finally in the post for which he seemed intended from birth , Speaker of the House , and second most powerful man in Washington . (Filtered Words: 0)
Participation for the educator in this case , however , would have to be raised to full and complete membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thornburg arrived with the writers . (Filtered Words: 0)
if such person is deceased or is under a legal disability , payment shall be made to his legal representative : Provided , That if the total award is not over $500 and there is no qualified executor or administrator , payment may be made to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto , without the necessity of compliance with the requirements of law with respect to the administration of estates ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His mind closed on that prospect , as though fog had descended to blot out a valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
coordinate , correlate , and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Upper teeth completely covering the lowers when the back teeth close . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another result is that buyers are tending to bid up the prices of these tax-exempt bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
he often uses very odd rhythms , which makes it difficult , and challenging , for the lyric writer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What disaster struck the Discovery during those seventeen months ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We've only been married four years , January '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Khrushchev threatens us with a 100-megaton bomb ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The rangy , Albany ( Cal. ) native , a surprise slugging sensation for the Flock last year as well as a defensive whiz , set `` improved fielding '' as his 1961 goal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Little war , big test (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably no one needs to tell you that the way to stop all bloom is to let the blossoms go to seed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The years 1812 and 1813 saw him in Germany and France again , but on this visit to Berlin he did not seek out the philosophers as he had on his first journey . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of it might have been heroic , but they had done it in the wrong place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Madden regretted not being able to find fault with so true a statement . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Named after the ballet . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is still , however , the junior member of the League , if not in years at least in the catching up it has had to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I suppose you all were playing and forgot '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She lay under the covers making jabbing motions with her forefinger telling me where to look for the coffeepot . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll work hard Tuesday , Wednesday and Thursday '' , [FILTERED] said , `` and probably will have a good scrimmage Friday . (Filtered Words: 1)
He says he don't want no trouble '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the unavoidable low-duty cycle restricts the effective gain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Master [FILTERED] , having foully abused high and low at Aquidneck is now bewitching and bemaddening poor Providence , both with his unclean and foul censures of all the ministers of this country ( for which myself have in Christ's name withstood him ) , and also denying all visible and external ordinances in depth of Familism : almost all suck in his poison , as at first they did at Aquidneck . (Filtered Words: 1)
His [FILTERED] observes the golden mean . (Filtered Words: 1)
He inserted the car key in the lock . (Filtered Words: 0)
His earphones were constantly full of the sounds of enemy contacts made by other flights . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gives a clue to the cosmical order of elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her mouth , soft and full , was something for any man to dream about . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a native of New Orleans and attended Allen Elementary school , Fortier High school and Soule business college . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first of two possible variations on this theme is symbolized by [FILTERED] [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED]'s son later maintained that Costaggini had compressed and mutilated his father's designs , ambitiously coveting a bit he could claim for his very own . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dr. [FILTERED] supports the idea that the universe both expands and contracts , that in several billion years the expansion will slow up and reverse itself and that the contraction will set in . (Filtered Words: 1)
The last-named is a fine-looking , large colt , who has been unfortunate to be laid off for some time due to injuries . (Filtered Words: 0)
God was everywhere , in the belfry , in the steeple , in the clouds , in the trees , and in the mountains hulking on the horizon . (Filtered Words: 0)
They might kill him in his sleep , thinking there was money in the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although this was the first time that [FILTERED] had seen unshelled people , she took this experience calmly . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s visit to the livery stable had been merely a precaution in case anyone should be watching . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Warm enough to swim -- real Indian summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the remainder of the clear channels , the dominant ( class 1 ) -- B stations are protected as described above , and the relatively small number of secondary ( class 2 ) ) stations permitted to operate on these channels at night are required to operate directionally and/or with reduced power so as to protect the class 1 , stations . (Filtered Words: 0)
For loan to the Government of India under subsection ( G ) of Section 104 of the Act , the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may be mutually agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thing about [FILTERED] is that he's very proud '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
To a [FILTERED] , there was only one church . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was very funny about the whole thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he gets the answers to his questions he will be discouraged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We ran into a guy at the Pagan Room who guarantees we can beat the wheel . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was anxious to hear about those dazzling days on the Great White Way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Concluding remarks (Filtered Words: 0)
To provide an independent judgment for the president , the academic dean also investigates candidates thoroughly . (Filtered Words: 0)
From this and the force of deformation it should be possible to calculate the elastic energy of deformation which should be equal to the Af calculated from the pressure normal to the shearing face . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man could make a mark there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl murmured harshly . (Filtered Words: 0)
With leather cups fitted in his handlebars , he steered his bicycle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Up to date , however , his garden was still more or less of a mess , he hadn't even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he hadn't found it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , he was now forty-three years old . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could you possibly have lunch with him today ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I mustn't tell , I mustn't tell '' , she repeated to herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
A 1-hp conditioner , for example , may vary in effectiveness from under 8,000 BTU to well over 10,000 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
The severe yet harmonious vases of the previous fifty years , the Strong Geometric style of the late ninth century , display as firm a mastery of the principles underlying Geometric pottery ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They neither liked nor disliked the Old Man . (Filtered Words: 0)
It reached the mines at North San Juan and Bloomfield . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of them are obvious , such as the fact that we associate recorded and live music with our responses and behavior in different types of environments and social settings . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems time to consider a revision of operational procedures for lexicostatistic studies on a more humble , solid , and limited basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone had hauled him over the side , and he had remained silent while they crossed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Section 2 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Po' Chavis '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Although [FILTERED] was the heir in his own family to this tradition , he did not have [FILTERED] inclination to romanticize and sentimentalize the planter society . (Filtered Words: 2)
The screen door was unlocked for some ten or fifteen minutes while [FILTERED] was sick in the back . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] nodded . (Filtered Words: 1)
He got up slowly , and she was already on her feet , and he stood facing her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Peters insisted that this impression was a great misunderstanding , and evidently , from the quarrel , obtained an unfavorable impression of Morgan's judgment . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no doubt in my mind that if I crossed him , mobs would appear outside our windows shouting `` Paredon ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I guess '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They serve to contradict a popular notion that the [FILTERED] merely repeats , as accurately as possible , the techniques of acting the classics that prevailed in the 17th century . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cover ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus made three things clear about forgiveness . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll get the guys that done it . (Filtered Words: 0)
By this method it was determined that the normal pressure exerted by a sample of polybutene ( molecular weight reported to be 770 ) was over half an atmosphere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , he became one of the central spirits of the Army Language Program and the language school of Washington's Foreign Service Institute . (Filtered Words: 0)
This probably would require some support for subsistence as well as for tuition , but the total would be no greater than for the proposals of unemployment compensation or a Youth Conservation Corps . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the marine : head lifted , he strained and called . (Filtered Words: 0)
If one follows the reports of the Congress , one finds that there still seems considerable uncertainty in the minds of the leaders themselves about what exactly to do in this matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let the media clean house , too (Filtered Words: 0)
But dear me , no ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The radial velocity varies inversely as the particle size -- a 1000-m-diameter particle near the orbit of Mars would reach the sun in about 60 million years . (Filtered Words: 0)
To this we of course agree '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am pleased to note that Mr. [FILTERED] will continue to serve as chairman of the board of the New York Times . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the past an orthodontist might have tried , over four or five years , to straighten and fit the boy's large teeth into a jaw that , despite some growth , would never accommodate them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] never got around to joining the thousand or so people who paid [FILTERED] some $30,000 for his ozone machines . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` We are Americans '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Ambassador [FILTERED] took it over in 1957 from [FILTERED] , he made a determined effort to change this idea . (Filtered Words: 2)
Only Miss Gee asked for bail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Skorich , however , is a strong advocate of a balanced attack -- split between running and passing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Additionally , since you're going to be hors de combat pretty soon with sprue , yaws , Delhi boil , the [FILTERED] wilt , liver fluke , bilharziasis , and a host of other complications of the hex you've aroused , you mustn't expect to be lionized socially . (Filtered Words: 1)
New ideas were dangerous and must be repressed , no matter how . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was proposed that aerated lagoons be used to eliminate the problem at the existing oxidation ponds and to provide the necessary treatment for the additional development . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mando , pleading her cause , must have said that Dr. [FILTERED] was the most distinguished physician in the United States of America , for our man poured out his symptoms and drew a madly waving line indicating the irregularity of his pulse . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fran flaunted her independence by rebelling against the Catatonia uniform of [FILTERED] shorts and knee-length socks by wearing [FILTERED] shorts and knee-length socks in colors ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The windshield glass is shatterproof and Plexiglas is used in the cabin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon most of these Christianity had left an impress and through them had had a share in making the individual what he was . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. John 18 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The main bunch is outside , but there are some over there inside the wall '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the officer in charge , be it a captain ( for small display ) or a general , is restrained by monitoring . (Filtered Words: 0)
In [FILTERED] portrayal of the underprivileged and undereducated youth of London , a salient finding was the inability to postpone gratification , a need to satisfy impulses immediately without the pleasure of anticipation or of savoring the experience . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Russians are all trained as dancers before they start to study gymnastics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , on July 2 , there occurred another incident which set tongues to wagging at a furious clip . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their props were two stepladders , a chair and a palm fan . (Filtered Words: 0)
In some instances a seventh question can be added : 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
People appreciate experiences that demand something of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even now I will not intrude upon her except to state a few bare facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Few artists have left a life work so eloquent of the period in which they lived . (Filtered Words: 0)
Melies , however , out of his professional instincts as a magician , discovered and made use of a number of illusionary techniques that remain part of the vocabulary of film . (Filtered Words: 0)
If it comes down too hard on the potential dangers of fallout , it will box the President on resuming atmospheric tests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once we send out the whole pie , they can put their pieces into it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The short answer to those questions is `` yes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The motifs of impersonal interdependence and insulation of residential communities have polarized ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Olivetti had a special interest for Hodges . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said the work President [FILTERED] , advisers , and members of his staff were doing on the address involved composition and wording , rather than last minute decisions on administration plans to meet the latest Berlin crisis precipitated by Russia's demands and proposals for the city . (Filtered Words: 2)
This prospect did not please Mrs. [FILTERED] any more than did the possibility that her daughter might marry a Bohemian , but she used it to suggest to Thompson that , `` It is not in her nature to love you '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
First , the upper portion requires series of films for every child , consisting of those from Hand , Elbow , Shoulder , [FILTERED] , and Foot . (Filtered Words: 1)
Four (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the sovereign was not [FILTERED]' absolute monarch but rather the parliamentary sovereign of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Bandaging And Splinting ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
An important recent trend is the development of area vocational schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing in all the preceding years had had the power to bring me closer to a knowledge of profound sorrow than the breakup of camp , the packing away of my camp uniforms , the severing of ties with the six or ten people I had grown most to love in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was trying to smile at her . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Jake Carwood . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
The areas to be examined in these inquiries were selected by local officials , supposedly as representative of a larger population . (Filtered Words: 0)
on Jan. 21 , , 2:36 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are millions who accept this doctrine , but few indeed are those who accept it so truly that the fate of humanity lies as a weight on their souls night and day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without preliminaries , [FILTERED] asked him , `` If you are a world citizen , will you take [FILTERED] place in his tent while he goes to the hospital '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
In contrast , the East is ably led by such stalwart heroes as Khrushchev , Tito , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was . (Filtered Words: 0)
What had caught his attention was obscured by the car itself , so that neither the girl nor the truck drivers could see , but [FILTERED] knew what it was . (Filtered Words: 1)
The thunderclaps over the sacred wood at Colonus and the storms in King Lear are caused by more than weather . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'd come , separately , to Gloucester some twenty years ago -- there's always been an artists' colony somewhere on Cape Ann -- and each married here . (Filtered Words: 0)
I gaped at her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] now live on [FILTERED] and the Franklin Moultons on [FILTERED]. . (Filtered Words: 3)
There was a long silence . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was disturbed by what had happened on the dive and by what he remembered of a conversation he had had the night before with the German , who had come out of the head while he was fixing himself a drink in the galley . (Filtered Words: 0)
San Francisco , Calif. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And trailers for boats are not what they started out to be ten years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` dot '' on one end of each arrow indicates extent of difference in months between the child's onset age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only way to find things is to relax '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
While the interpretations that have been given are inferences only , they gain support from such comments as the following , which was made by one of the Kohnstamm-negative subjects who did not , on the first trial , perceive the tilt illusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance , college-educated people consistently show up in study after study as more often than others supporters of the Bill of Rights and other democratic rights and liberties . (Filtered Words: 0)
But although the idea of communism is very old even in More's day and did not spring full-clad from his imagination in 1515 , it is not communism as such that we are concerned with . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another factor that may hold hope is for parallel recognition is , as one man says it : `` that the fad for educating top people along managerial lines is yielding to the technically trained approach '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I worked for my [FILTERED] ( an [FILTERED] by marriage so you will not think this has a mild undercurrent of incest ) who ran one of those antique shops in New Orleans' Vieux Carre , the old French Quarter . (Filtered Words: 2)
Almost the whole experience of mankind pointed toward suspicion , not trust , as the safest and sanest attitude toward all outsiders . (Filtered Words: 0)
His grandfather is a Buddhist priest ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On April 30 , ceremonies commemorating the departure of these volunteers will take place at 1:00 P.M. at the Dexter Training Grounds in Providence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an instrument is expected to be especially useful if it could be used to measure the elasticity of heavy pastes such as printing inks , paints , adhesives , molten plastics , and bread dough , for the elasticity is related to those various properties termed `` length '' , `` shortness '' , `` spinnability '' , etc. , which are usually judged by subjective methods at present . (Filtered Words: 0)
Goodis voiced his objection before City Council's Finance Committee . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Robinson slammed a long double to left center to score both runners . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Junior who won two or more wins in the Open Class was eligible . (Filtered Words: 0)
If `` [FILTERED] the Courtier '' is really to be taken as Swift , the following remark is obviously Steele's comment on Swift's change of parties and its effect on their friendship : `` I assure you , dear [FILTERED] , when I first found out such an Allay in you , as makes you of so malleable a Constitution , that you may be worked into any Form an Artificer pleases , I foresaw I should not enjoy your Favour much longer '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Written evidence that the claimant and any such attorney have agreed to the amount of the attorney's fees shall be conclusive upon the Commission : Provided , however , That the total amount of the fees so agreed upon does not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award . (Filtered Words: 0)
These estimates indicated that the quantum yield for the exchange of chlorine with liquid carbon tetrachloride at 65-degrees is of the order of magnitude of unity . (Filtered Words: 0)
When we come upon the rabbit and make our remark about its suffering being a bad thing , we presumably make it with some feeling ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The influence of Mass was less pervasive than that of the congested , slum tenements among the bawdy houses , honkytonks , and sawdust saloons of his birthplace ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But the disposition to rebel is most definitely there . (Filtered Words: 0)
In real life . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stopped stone-still . (Filtered Words: 0)
The moment the alarm goes off , information is immediately forwarded to Honolulu , which is the center of the warning system . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thinking like that can get you into a padded pad . (Filtered Words: 0)
The difference came down to this : The Southern States insisted that the United States was , in last analysis , what its name implied -- a Union of States . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the citizen narrows his political participation to the mere act of voting -- if he votes at all '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
so also did [FILTERED] , having a man betrothed ( to her ) , and being nevertheless a virgin , by yielding obedience , become the cause of salvation , both to herself and the whole human race '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
the information cell Af is saved to represent the text occurrence . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] nodded grimly . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had two interests in life : the pleasures of the table and driving . (Filtered Words: 0)
the genial smile seemed painted on his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , here it is . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is sufficiently small compared with the surface temperature of the anode holder , to make the energy flux radiated from the environment toward the anode holder negligible within the accuracy of the present measurements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of them sincerely believe that the Anglo-Saxon is the best race in the world and that it should remain pure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The president or dean reads some of his publications to form the truest possible evaluation of the quality of his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever the [FILTERED]'s ambitions , his colleagues were kept ill at ease . (Filtered Words: 1)
What is the trick '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The major effect of these advances appears to lie in the part they have played in the industrial revolution and in the tools which scientific understanding has given us to build and manipulate a more protective environment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Smithfield tax assessor , in turn , claims the tax under the provision of law `` and all other tangible personal property situated or being in any town , in or upon any place of storage shall be taxed to such person in the town where said property is situated '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or it could have chosen to find -- by negotiation -- some way of stopping the tests without loss to national security . (Filtered Words: 0)
The time is now ripe , indeed overdue , for the vigorous development of its non-military potentialities , for its development as an instrument of Atlantic community . (Filtered Words: 0)
But certainly the New Frontier has brought to Washington a group more varied in background and interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce is also active in the field of international trade , assisting Rhode Island firms in developing and enlarging markets abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fifty a throw , that the deal ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A bridged-T type of bridge was used in the 10 - 16 Mc/sec range . (Filtered Words: 0)
The past usefulness of the anti-trust laws to management was explained by [FILTERED] , in The Folklore of Capitalism , back in 1937 . (Filtered Words: 1)
This will have a beneficial effect by expediting public business ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The voice sank back into the general tangle of sound , but the question stayed in Mr. [FILTERED]'s mind . (Filtered Words: 1)
If this aspect of death as punishment is not distinguished from the idea of death as natural termination , the conclusion seems inevitable that temporal existence itself is a form of punishment rather than the state into which man is put by the will of the Creator . (Filtered Words: 0)
that on the immediate horizon , if further large-scale ( relatively speaking ) desegregation comes , it will result from court orders on suits filed in several Middle-South states . (Filtered Words: 0)
The firms to receive the questionnaires were selected with this objective in mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , for excellent psychological reasons , never fully reveals [FILTERED]'s felonious past , but [FILTERED] , at the convict's climactic reappearance in London , shrinks from clasping a hand which he fears `` might be stained with blood '' . (Filtered Words: 3)
Somersaults (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You might set up a dress shop in the living room '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Better to have your equipment slightly undersized than too big . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outcome of the experiment is X successes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the sinusoids contained large numbers of nucleated red cells , and cells of the granulocytic series were found in small numbers . (Filtered Words: 0)
their mutual torture would be over . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] was killed on Aug. 31 , 1958 . (Filtered Words: 1)
it made her blister . (Filtered Words: 0)
Forget motive ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll bust your ass in this canyon . (Filtered Words: 0)
The results were good although they are difficult to compare with hand brushing , particularly when the individual knows how to brush his teeth properly . (Filtered Words: 0)
but when the sounds of the two speakers are allowed to mix , there is excellent depth and dimension to the music . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually an underground cistern , its roof supported by rows and rows of pillars , it was built by Justinian in the Sixth Century to supply the palace with water . (Filtered Words: 0)
It especially bothered the older hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somewhere in the few scant yards of head start was the determining point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Round plaque (Filtered Words: 0)
With these completed and ice gone from the St. Peter's River ( present-day Minnesota river ) their 250 bushels of wheat , 100 bushels of oats and barley and 30 bushels of peas and some chickens were loaded onto the flat-bottomed boats and rowed up the river to Big Stone Lake , across into Lake Traverse , and down the Red . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since I have already discussed his moral position , that discussion is incorporated by reference into the following pages , which will focus on the empirical and analytic side of Fromm's treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through all these years , Mrs. [FILTERED] has pointedly avoided the limelight . (Filtered Words: 1)
New England . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cleaning or detergent action is entirely a matter of surfaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most mail these days consists of nothing that could truly be called a letter . (Filtered Words: 0)
They attributed everything that went wrong in Russia to German influence and intrigue . (Filtered Words: 0)
and there were his shoes , thank God , but his shirt was one terrible mess . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a way , we may be witnessing the same thing in the sales of automobiles today as the public no longer is willing to purchase any car coming on the market but is more insistent on compact cars free of the frills which were accepted in the Fifties . (Filtered Words: 0)
On their frequent hikes into the nearby mountains , the children carry whole grains to munch along the trail . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have supported the Democratic party in the last five campaigns . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in a concluding chapter about America's stance in the contemporary world , one senses certain misplacements of emphasis and a failure to come to grips with the baffling riddle of our time : How to deal with a wily and aggressive enemy without appeasement and without war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ann thrilled to the sight of a delicate butterfly and two strange tropical birds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever they are talking about ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the barkeep . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , retirement seems to creep upon you suddenly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am very pleased to have the doubt of suspicion removed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Come along with me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other reports in identical form , but with somewhat varying content , have been issued . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a possibility that battery-powered radios with built-in radiation meters may become available . (Filtered Words: 0)
We found that three men -- two carpenters and a helper -- can put up wall panels or trusses more economically than four men -- because four men don't make two teams ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
At fifteen he didn't care that he had no mother , that he couldn't remember her face or her touch ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His hair was black , already greying at the temples in the classic beauty-idiom , the only one permitted to a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood up , cocked his head and eyed Gun coldly . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Giffen decided to charge him interest on the loan from [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] readily assented , vowing that in a matter of dollars and cents , his brothers would never have any cause to complain of him . (Filtered Words: 2)
Thus his persistence values for some stem frequencies per meaning are : stem identical in 8 languages , 100% ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was responsible and sometimes dangerous work because the thieving is awful in the port of New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
The phrasing is irregular , and the abrupt key changes have a primitive forcefulness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the major expansions in 1960 , three were financed under the R. I. Industrial Building Authority's 100% guaranteed mortgage plan : [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and American Tube & Controls . (Filtered Words: 2)
He always looked impertinent and he could look dangerous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Berto knew all about Fascism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leading firms that arranged their own financing included Speidel Corporation , Cornell-Dubilier , Photek , Inc. Division of Textron , [FILTERED] [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Mays Manufacturing Company . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` I'll have one of the boys get it '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
the colors of its back were dull and gray-looking , torn and smashed in , and dirty from the boy's shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then I'd better wait until five '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here artistic realism involves the audience in an impassioned participation in events whose overtones and implications are transcendent . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is this modulation which reveals to Jacoby his own frightful abjection and , simultaneously , his wife's infidelity . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood up . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when there is not freedom and opportunity to choose , men -- individual men -- must remain in status and society does not , cannot , progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , who kept reiterating her request that they `` please take a stand '' , said , `` We must have faith in somebody -- on the local level , and it wouldn't be possible for everyone to rush to a school to get their children '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It seems to me now , in a long backward glance , that many of the [FILTERED]'s conceits and odd actions -- together with his grim posture when brandishing the hatchet in the name of Mr. [FILTERED] -- were keyed with the tragedy which was to close over him one day . (Filtered Words: 2)
Do you take in all the strays who come by '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The cake was received in a stunned silence that was evidence in itself of the dearth of taste thrills Mama had been providing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rev's face was suddenly a little fixed and questioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably around midnight , give or take an hour either way '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
It made no sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What else could I do ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Chief [FILTERED] looked his same hick-self ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
And my point in this sad story is the spirit of the matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` ( dear Wife ) if I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married . (Filtered Words: 0)
note pitch 3 ( pretty high ) on emeralds but with a slight degree of drawl , one degree of oversoftness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her mother and father , for instance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chief Moore said , `` If I don't see you when I return , see you for certain at my road block , Inspector '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The African rock python , a close second , is followed in turn by the reticulate python . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why trust [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` For what '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If we are born of God we love God . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the first of 2,800,000 called to the Army through the selective service system . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , as much time as possible should be spent within the shelter to hold radiation exposure to a minimum . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of them were then covered with a drop of Af in a moist chamber at 24-degrees for 30 - 40 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
On review the Supreme Court , via Mr. [FILTERED] , found southern racial problems `` a sensitive area of social policy on which the federal courts ought not to enter unless no alternative to adjudication is open '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was chairman , the only not youthful participant . (Filtered Words: 0)
He began to uncap the bottle , the rusty cap squealing on its threads . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , one of the men from Lincoln , had taken a musket ball in his belly ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Roles of various types , within the larger system and within the subgroups 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] were only a dozen yards away , charging the house . (Filtered Words: 1)
and that action always caused her to lift her lip from the sting of the thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the whole bottom has hardened , use a disk sander to feather the edges of the cloth at the keel line and near the spray rail . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , he is plainly sympathetic , clearly friendly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Church considers this to be the method provided by nature and its divine Author : It involves no frustration of nature's laws , but simply an intelligent and disciplined use of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
And that's how Papa's estate was divided . (Filtered Words: 0)
there were two or three colored maids employed there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again there was something familiar about her , something -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Except that Kitti wasn't there . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the monetary authorities will continue to be required to pay attention to the consequences of their actions with respect to our international balance of payments position and the outflow of gold , as well as with regard to avoiding the creation of excessive liquidity in the economy , which would delay the effectiveness of monetary policy measures in the next expansion phase of the business cycle . (Filtered Words: 0)
McBride staggered into the street , flopped sprawling in the stinging dust . (Filtered Words: 0)
A `` chaw '' of tobacco put on an open wound was both antiseptic and healing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire , and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
She held out her hand to show that she had money . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was responsible and sometimes dangerous work because the thieving is awful in the port of New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
The defeat and death of Adolf of Nassau at the hands of [FILTERED] of Habsburg also worked to the disadvantage of the English , for all the efforts to revive the anti-French coalition came to nothing when [FILTERED] made an alliance with the new king of the Romans . (Filtered Words: 2)
He turned his head to the source of the disturbance and instantly back to the window and his rifle sight , dismissing [FILTERED] for the moment with the same contempt he had shown in their encounter at [FILTERED]'s apartment . (Filtered Words: 1)
Let's forget the rules '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was in his early forties , rather short and very compactly built , and with a manner that was reserved and stiff despite his efforts to adapt himself to American ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the brief moment I had to talk to them before I took my post on the ring of defenses , I indicated I was sickened by the methods men employed to live and trade on the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
First it was the Nations against themselves , then it was them against the whites . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are thousands of square miles of salt pan which are hideous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Peacocks strutted across their path , preening . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , there's time , in any case . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will the view be something you can live with ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They initiate campaigns , so to speak , even if this initiation is diffused among them , and their concerted action only psychologically organized . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently you were the light of their lives '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For A good many seasons I've been looking at the naughty stuff on television , so the other night I thought I ought to see how immorality is doing on the other side of the fence in movies . (Filtered Words: 0)
A proton magnetic resonance study of polycrystalline Af as a function of magnetic field and temperature is presented . (Filtered Words: 0)
She charged off to the bedrooms . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the boy will need his mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
They poured through the opening in the valley , then spread out in a long line to come at us , brandishing their lances and filling the morning with their spine-chilling scalp cry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Separate systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
One person recommended to me washing the wart with sulphur water ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Frankly , I don't care '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stiff figure in the corner no longer blocked his thoughts . (Filtered Words: 0)
If any among the hardy hundreds who sat in the downpour are in doubt about how it comes out , let them take comfort . (Filtered Words: 0)
He believed that brave boys didn't cry . (Filtered Words: 0)
I rapped my knuckles on the counter . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were the last words he ever uttered . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gas flow through a plasma generator will modify these conditions ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion thus becomes integrated with life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the most productive areas are not necessarily the most stressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had a way with words . (Filtered Words: 1)
We are acutely aware that yours is a society which , in spite of several wars and many privations , has developed itself into one of the foremost nations of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Corollary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Speaking with `` great earnestness '' , he said : `` For the Russian people , the question of Poland is not only a question of honor but also a question of security . (Filtered Words: 0)
We therefore leave the writer to the enjoyment of the unenvied reputation which the personal abuse he has heaped on us will entitle him to from the low and vulgar herd to which he belongs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were sitting on their heels , rider-fashion , over by the still empty calf wagon . (Filtered Words: 0)
The advantages of dilatation by the physician are both physical and psychological . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had sat beside [FILTERED] at the rostrum of a congress of Zionists . (Filtered Words: 1)
This organization will differ from existing assistance programs in that its members will supplement technical advisers by offering the specific skills needed by developing nations if they are to put technical advice to work . (Filtered Words: 0)
In recent years [FILTERED] has played with the New York Philharmonic and at Lewisohn Stadium , but her program last night at Town Hall was the Greek-born pianist's first New York recital since 1948 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gen. [FILTERED] , the President's special military adviser , is a level-headed officer who is not likely to succumb to propaganda or pressure . (Filtered Words: 1)
His own fate he accepted . (Filtered Words: 0)
He left us . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was silent again , possibly listening to the sounds in the squadroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
The NLRB said that of 11 potentially eligible voters eight voted against the union , two voted for it , and one vote was challenged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her effort to put the home of living Presidents on the same basis as Mount Vernon and Monticello recognizes no party lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whosever fault , it is evident that Brumidi intended to fill out the whole frieze with his `` histories '' and come full circle with the scene of the discovery of California gold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even as he became widely known as a professional killer , nearly every cowboy and rancher in Wyoming seemed proud to call him a friend . (Filtered Words: 0)
For you don't share him , not even with God . (Filtered Words: 0)
This life has its own currents and rhythms , its own multiple cycles and adaptations . (Filtered Words: 0)
After experimentation , [FILTERED] discovered that she could manipulate her diaphragmic unit to sustain tone . (Filtered Words: 1)
A big car was approaching , its chrome teeth grinning . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not this old fox '' , chuckled [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He demonstrated by playing an imaginary piano , doing a staccato passage with a broadly exaggerated attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the nutritive value of irradiated foods apparently undergoes little , if any , change , although some of the fat-soluble vitamins are affected by sterilization doses . (Filtered Words: 0)
That the perfect continuity was composed from the joblot of memory impressions in the professor's brain , or 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Best from abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is characterized by the presence of incompletely developed secondary lobules ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Let this generation have theirs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The amazing thing is that this too is caused by the dearth of teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
the Aegean world which had existed before 1000 differed from that which rises more clearly in our vision after 800 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He pulled out one of them and cocked it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sat down next to a heavily-upholstered blonde , but she was cleaned out in twenty minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Symphony Of The Air , greatly assisted by [FILTERED] , last night got its seven-concert Beethoven cycle at Carnegie Hall off to a good start . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is there and it must be allowed in '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He always did when people asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their great error is to mingle the responses typical of each of the three types of change . (Filtered Words: 0)
Give each new member a certificate of membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , having been sent halfway around the world on a job she had not asked for , [FILTERED] was being humiliated at every turn . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` And smokes too much '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The monitor of this discourse grinned with pride and amusement as Helva's tone indicated pity for the unfortunate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Poynting-Robertson effect ( Robertson , 1937 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I do so believe in death '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` When you pile your `` guy '' on the bonfire tomorrow night , I wonder how much of the true story of [FILTERED] you will remember ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
I calculated first that there are about an octillion atoms in the average human body ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He is uncompromising in assigning guilt to the man who finds it necessary to inflict or permit injury to one individual or group for the sake of a larger good . (Filtered Words: 0)
The funeral for my husband was just what I wanted and I paid a fair price , far less than I had expected to pay . (Filtered Words: 0)
One can see it as humiliating that an extra hormone casually fed into our chemistry may induce us to lay down our lives for a lover or a friend ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who's in there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For vector spaces over non-algebraically closed fields , we still need to find some substitute for characteristic values and vectors . (Filtered Words: 0)
They need mulch . (Filtered Words: 0)
No wonder [FILTERED] responded so completely to its beckoning . (Filtered Words: 1)
Response to the program has been so encouraging , [FILTERED] said , that a city-wide youth school at Dade County Auditorium may be set up soon . (Filtered Words: 1)
It moved in a silver arc toward his throat , then veered downward . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dairy (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone opened the corridor door from the inside , and called for a doctor . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What a beautiful room . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The attempt to save the Square's historic value '' , he declares , `` came half a century too late '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
though contemptuous , they were still polite . (Filtered Words: 0)
She put a strong hand under the old man's arm and lifted him up , patiently , with the gentle cruelty and necessary tyranny that the young show toward the very old . (Filtered Words: 0)
Production assistance often takes the form of locating tools or materials which are urgently needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Julia , seeing the bandage , rushed to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conchita wondered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Respondents' preferences regarding the methods of awarding defense contracts ( Part G of the questionnaire ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The more meaningful policies have been left to the judgment of the chief administrative officer of the state -- the Director of Administration . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You and I have fallen out of literature into politics '' , [FILTERED] observed . (Filtered Words: 1)
He made good , plain American common sense and the House usually recognized it and acted upon it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of the United States , [FILTERED] of Britain , [FILTERED] , France's Foreign Minister , and [FILTERED] , Canada's Minister of External Affairs , concluded , meanwhile , a round of consultations here on future tactics in the conference . (Filtered Words: 4)
He is utterly disappointed in himself and in the desultory life he has been leading . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] also presents a simple equation for deriving an index of persistence , which weights not only the number of stems ( ' roots ' ) per meaning , but their relative frequency . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Sir , [FILTERED] knows better than to leave the station without a relief . (Filtered Words: 1)
She looked around . (Filtered Words: 0)
I grew uneasy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked intimate questions and got frank answers from the members of what he calls the candidates' `` in-groups '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As was only natural he confided his searchings to Ann , conceding ruefully that it certainly looked as if their own Congregationalists were wrong and the Baptists right . (Filtered Words: 0)
But at the coroner's inquest [FILTERED] told a forthright story . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We are directed to develop a sense of proportion , sir , which contributes the same effect '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
we can return the following morning (Filtered Words: 0)
There are , of course , many weaknesses in any case against Emma . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Government of India agrees to furnish , upon request of the United States of America , information on the progress of the program , particularly with respect to the arrival and condition of commodities and the provisions for the maintenance of usual marketings , and information relating to exports of the same or like commodities . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` To be creative is to have the ability to cause to exist -- to produce where nothing was before -- to bring forth an original production of human intelligence or power '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And even more right . (Filtered Words: 0)
If I let her go , she'd disappear once more . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] flapped away . (Filtered Words: 1)
In a far distant part of the United States , I was talking to an instructor about a boy who in the twelfth grade was doing special work . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've adjusted the gauge so that the pump cuts out before the water gets too low . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was all true . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something was happening all right , slowly it is true , but you could feel it . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Japan has had 15 destructive ones ( eight of them disastrous ) since 1596 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nonspecific staining could be satisfactorily eliminated by passing these conjugates through a DEAE-cellulose column as described for Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The board's action shows what free enterprise is up against in our complex maze of regulatory laws . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this manner , he seeks to expunge from his own soul the guilt pangs caused by his personal assaults against the English at Dunkirk . (Filtered Words: 0)
he was given the difference between that amount and $5000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was how [FILTERED] expressed pure Zionism . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Let me stay and take the pictures you wanted , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But the guilt is shared by the United States , Britain and France , the other members of the atomic club . (Filtered Words: 0)
You think : `` Did he feel that way about me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And he certainly couldn't have guessed that she would resist his demand for the gold or that she was not the yielding -- yes , and credible fool he had every right to expect . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
A tune began to whirl inside his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps the public's present attitude toward business stems from the fact that the `` rugged capitalist entrepreneur '' no more exists in America . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She didn't mention bringing Myra '' , [FILTERED] said , maneuvering the car into the next lane . (Filtered Words: 1)
Light reading : (Filtered Words: 0)
Byron inquired . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not break in on an armed man . (Filtered Words: 0)
When we repeat the remark that such suffering was a bad thing , the feeling with which we made it last week may be at or near the vanishing point , but if we were asked whether we meant to say what we did before , we should certainly answer Yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
A well-publicized entrant which has achieved success only recently is the built liquid detergent , with which the major problem today is incorporation of builder and active into a small volume using a sufficiently high builder/active ratio . (Filtered Words: 0)
Skipping was the alternative . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll see you Wednesday . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was aware of her as a frightfully good-looking American WAC , a second lieutenant assigned to do the paper work , ( regardless of how important she might have thought she was ) in the Command offices , but that was all . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have consoled ourselves with the thought that this is a normal human reaction and is one of the consequences of any decision in an adversary proceeding . (Filtered Words: 0)
The episode tended to confirm the U. S. belief that propaganda , the hope of one-sided concessions , and the chance to split the Allies , rather than genuine negotiation , were the Soviet leader's real aims in summitry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , we can't have everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the inning was over he cursed the Anniston catcher all the way into the dugout . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it was all arranged to fit , and not to interrupt the lengthwise flow of movement in the frieze , the cartoons were tried in place . (Filtered Words: 0)
With [FILTERED] enacting the central role with husky-voiced sincerity , the longsuffering heroine is at least attractive . (Filtered Words: 1)
there'll be no more worry '' , matching the spiritual feeling of the jot . (Filtered Words: 0)
You just haven't got the heart for pro-ball , and that's it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of Detroit , a former president of the Professional Golfers Association , will receive the Ben Hogan Trophy for his comeback following a recent illness . (Filtered Words: 1)
This kind of place (Filtered Words: 0)
With the exception of the Roman Catholic and the Orthodox Catholic Churches , most churches make no moral distinction between rhythm and mechanical or chemical contraceptives , allowing the couple free choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the right is the Brumidi Liberty group , as it looked after cleaning operations , which had not yet come around to the other end ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A sleepy voice answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turning to the reporters , she asked , `` Did you hear her ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Conrad hung up and sat on the small telephone-booth bench , massaging his right leg . (Filtered Words: 0)
the relatively wild conditions still found in tropical South America might be responsible . (Filtered Words: 0)
a wallet with $450 in it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This passion brings on a fit which proves fatal . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Aug. 8 (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] said his father was sleeping , and then went through a pantomime at his father's door , to prove the statement . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus Trevelyan repeats the story which pictured [FILTERED] as refusing to abandon the famous Statuto at the insistence of General Radetzky . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cutting mechanism of cohesive failure (Filtered Words: 0)
and it must be enforced without discrimination . (Filtered Words: 0)
2-4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He heard their chattering , and then the sounds of hacking as they dismembered the snake right on the porch with wood axes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Didi and [FILTERED] hover on the edge of suicide ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The bartender winked back at him and palmed the bill . (Filtered Words: 0)
He blew his nose expertly between his fingers . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. John 29 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Honolulu will be Mrs. [FILTERED]'s first stop . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not all St. Louis industries , of course , have a market area confined to the immediate neighborhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Across the table , Hamrick saluted him jubilantly with an encircled thumb and forefinger . (Filtered Words: 0)
In no way , either verbally or behaviorally , did the experimenter indicate to the subjects any preferred mode of responding to the voluntary contraction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before the Draft Act was passed [FILTERED] had confidentially briefed governors , sheriffs , and prospective draft board members on the administration of the measure -- and the confidence was kept so well that only one newspaper learned what was going on . (Filtered Words: 1)
And for the hundredth time that week , he was startled at her beauty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take Vivian . (Filtered Words: 0)
But granted all this , one still would have liked to have heard a little more tonal nuance than Mr. [FILTERED] supplied . (Filtered Words: 1)
The patrolman said to no one in particular as he pushed between the fat man in the baseball cap and a young boy in levis . (Filtered Words: 0)
That such a tradition lies behind The Iliad and The Odyssey , at least , is hard to deny . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is currently a major controversy of public education in which group interests and values are heavily engaged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Professional responsibility is seen to consist largely in serving the wishes of the client fairly and in an efficient manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
dashed hope (Filtered Words: 0)
But because teeth sometimes may drift back to their original position , a retaining appliance is used to lock them in place . (Filtered Words: 0)
O'Banion's reaction was : `` Three hundred dollars ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But there are also the commercial propagandists and the analysts -- one dominated by money , the other by nineteenth-century German scholarship . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were two rubbing sticks for making fire , two stones shaped roughly like knives , a woven-root container which held a few pounds of dried worms and the dead body of some rodent . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] thanked her , and hoped he might meet her nephew back home , and asked her if she had any further news of the Pope . (Filtered Words: 1)
She looked at him impudently over the corner of the paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , also fifteen , was tall and skinny , scraggly , with straight black hair like an Indian's and sharp brown eyes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Somebody was riding the tree . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's past helping . (Filtered Words: 0)
The film they did after his return was an inconsequential bit of nothing titled Out Of This World , a satire on the Sinatra bobby-soxer craze . (Filtered Words: 0)
Done at Washington in duplicate this fourth day of May 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
We can expect more of the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
The relatively few communities that have educational stations have found them of considerable value . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
The local and the ecumenical are one . (Filtered Words: 0)
These officers found no incriminating information . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thin man moved swiftly to the phone and dialed a number . (Filtered Words: 0)
Results (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But you want to ask me when [FILTERED] is going to come back with the needle '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
His tone is the weakest part of his equipment ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Because the food is selected with thought for its nutritional value , care for its origin , and prepared in a manner that retains the most nutrients , the food does taste good . (Filtered Words: 0)
they did not fall into pseudo-glamorous jobs on pseudo-glamorous magazines , but they did whatever nasty thing they could get in order to eat ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He stared at the dipper , turning it over and over in his wide , calloused hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Waited for more ships , more lobster-backed infantry , and asked what was to be done with a war of rebellion ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
By his own confession , [FILTERED] is an angry young man . (Filtered Words: 1)
3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
For the most part , however , the new version is contemporary and , as such , should be the means for many to attain a clearer comprehension of the meaning of those words recorded so many hundreds of years ago by the first followers of Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
When she agrees , you can rest assured her position will remain unchanged . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would add about $500 to the total cost of the home . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the eyes of those who still cared for such things , it was a reflection on his honor , and it gave further grounds for complaint to his overtaxed subjects , who were already grumbling -- although probably not in Latin -- `` Non est lex sana [FILTERED] regi sit mea lana '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Is he swept away by sentiment and nostalgia for an America that was ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I visited the bank in March and wrote a story about the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our difficulty arises when either viewpoint shuts out the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was a bitterly fought game , carrying almost as much grudge as a fist fight , with no friendliness exhibited between the teams except the formal politeness that accompanied the setting forth of ground rules and agreements on balls that went into the crowd . (Filtered Words: 0)
It declares that Sunday sales licenses provide `` great revenue '' to the local government . (Filtered Words: 0)
He held his elbows away from his body , and the little sweet potato trilled neatly and sweetly as he tickled its tune-belly . (Filtered Words: 0)
you are cutting . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Asteroidal collisions are also thought to contribute material . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alex asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] Olympian , optimistic and resolute sayings when Britain stood alone against the armed forces of tyranny less than twenty years ago ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He could not make out , but he knew that again she was scratching her nose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attorney [FILTERED] , in behalf of defendant [FILTERED] , argued there is no evidence linking [FILTERED] to the conspiracy , but Judge [FILTERED] declared this is a matter for the jury to decide . (Filtered Words: 4)
In this model , we abstract from all non-wage sources of cost changes , so that the `` public-limit price '' only rises as the wage rate rises . (Filtered Words: 0)
At Geneva in 1954 , to get the war in Indo-China settled , the British and French gave in to Russian and Communist Chinese demands and agreed to the setting up of a Communist state , North Viet Nam -- which then , predictably , became a base for Communist operations against neighboring South Viet Nam and Laos . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the rebellion of these third generation Jews is not the traditional conflict of culture but , rather , a protest against a culture that they view as softly and insidiously enveloping . (Filtered Words: 0)
I cannot imagine a single scene that isn't done in a far naughtier manner on TV every week . (Filtered Words: 0)
But actually these accounts reveal the supernatural powers that the masters were in fact supposed to possess , as well as the extreme degree of popular credulity : `` Hwang Pah ( O Baku ) , one day going up Mount Tien Tai which was believed to have been inhabited by Arhats with supernatural powers , met with a monk whose eyes emitted strange light . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh yes , he'd talked about doing so . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thyroid-stimulating hormone (Filtered Words: 0)
Foreign competition has become so severe in certain textiles that Washington is exploring new ways of handling competitive imports . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This rather detached attitude toward life's encumbrances has seemed to be the dominant trait in [FILTERED]'s personality ever since . (Filtered Words: 1)
He , [FILTERED] , had been scared for a while , but that had come mostly from the fact that he felt responsible . (Filtered Words: 1)
I cannot make sense out of the figures for post maturity growth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] hardly looked at him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The world's best golfer , shooting below par , came to the last hole of the opening round of the Los Angeles open with every intention of delivering a final crusher . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second bottle passed a few times . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bursting from the lips of a charging cavalry trooper was the last sound heard on this earth by untold numbers of Cheyennes , Sioux and Apaches , Mexican banditos under Pancho Villa , Japanese in the South Pacific , and Chinese and North Korean Communists in Korea . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That limit has now been reached '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Wishing to show that aviation was dependable and here to stay , [FILTERED] always made a point of taking off each morning on the dot of seven , disregarding rain , snow and sleet in true postal tradition . (Filtered Words: 1)
Records (Filtered Words: 0)
He would remain in the tent , waiting impatiently , occupied by some trivial task . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has made it his , and his it remains , irrevocably . (Filtered Words: 0)
In turn , higher fertility rates for this population provide a means of increasing the numerical quantity of the population , allowing for the possibility of greater stability and unity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe it would be better to humor the guy and then make an exit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Goulding leaped to his feet and started forward , `` Garryowen '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Turn off at any one of the marked picnic areas ( gasoline companies have touring service bureaus that issue booklets on national parks to tell you where you have barbecue facilities ) and -- with soft drinks cooled from morning loading up , hamburger , buns , an array of relishes , and fresh fruit -- your lunch is 75% cheaper than at a restaurant , and 100% more fun . (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Never forget that a chain is only as strong as its weakest link . (Filtered Words: 0)
The move for establishment of a national seashore park on 30,000 acres of [FILTERED] , from Provincetown to [FILTERED] , is strengthened by President [FILTERED]'s interest in that area . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` Yes , Gavin , you did '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Filigreed perfume boxes exuded the aromas of Araby . (Filtered Words: 0)
The long delay in opening the Second Front was now working to Russia's advantage . (Filtered Words: 0)
You just -- `` Hello ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One must include the preparation of soft drinks and the processing of milk and milk products . (Filtered Words: 0)
Springing like a cat , he leaped back , swooped up the spring gun and , whirling , pointed it toward the cabin . (Filtered Words: 0)
There have always been tales of disillusionment -- the competent technician who became an administrator , willingly or not , and found he didn't like it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The one- or two-digit number of the index word or electronic switch was used in the operand of a symbolic machine instruction to specify indexing or as a parameter which is always an index word or electronic switch , e.g. , 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of them could be eliminated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Wagner Sign Service Inc. , Chicago , for example , supplies them in several colors , in heights of 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , and 17 inches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stretch yarn machines (Filtered Words: 0)
Other examples follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pursuing his idea , he saw that it would be impossible to leave her now . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I didn't think [FILTERED] knew so many big words , Lieutenant '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Derails -- mechanical track devices that actually guide the wheels off the rails if a train passes a `` stop '' signal -- are used in many instances . (Filtered Words: 0)
The service is over , and a number of people come from the church with their spokesman Mityukh in the lead . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not really listen to others , had little interest in their ideas , and wanted to have his own way -- which was the only right way . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nude was small and black-haired and elfin , and was called `` Eloise '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not contended that section 381 should prescribe the survival of all of the transferor's tax attributes . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first place there is the obvious problem of recruiting high caliber personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
There certainly was not any more energy displayed after it was clear the United States would not back the pro-Western government to the hilt . (Filtered Words: 0)
He may have been eccentric in his behavior , but his paintings are as impassive as Persian tiles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ruffians must have robbed and beaten him before bringing him back to our house to die . (Filtered Words: 0)
They buy some supplies from our colored grocers and they are patronized by some of the best white gentlemen in town '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
C . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has recently become practical to use the radio emission of the moon and planets as a new source of information about these bodies and their atmospheres . (Filtered Words: 0)
Issuing bonds for plant construction has brought new industries to certain regions . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no evidence of fibrosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reverend [FILTERED] was understandably bitter . (Filtered Words: 1)
Friend is off to a great start with a 4-0 record but isn't likely to see action here this week . (Filtered Words: 0)
The music of [FILTERED] , capital LP Ab63711-r , one of the rare recordings of this titanic , yet unsung , composer . (Filtered Words: 1)
You don't know me but I know you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The recent publicity attending the successful federal prosecution of a conspiracy indictment against a number of electrical manufacturers has evoked a new respect for the anti-trust laws that is justified neither by their rationale nor by the results they have obtained . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was no trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
shortage of skilled salesmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hiroshima is a better city than it was before -- in the minds of the people I met was a strong determination for peace and understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Scots had found a new leader in [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED]'s yearly expeditions across the Border called for evermounting taxes , which only increased his difficulties with the barons and the clergy . (Filtered Words: 2)
Fiscal years in other states (Filtered Words: 0)
I had a pocketful of money , which was unusual when I was in the army , and the plane would be grounded all night . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one point late in the day , when [FILTERED] was lining up a 25-foot putt on the 16th , a thunderous cheer from the direction of the 18th green unmistakably announced that Player had birdied the final hole . (Filtered Words: 1)
Present estimates are that production topped the 100-million-lb. mark in 1960 ( 85 to 90 million lb. for flexible , 10 or 11 million lb. for rigid ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Augustin Cardinal Bea , the director of the Secretariate for Christian Unity , has expressed as directly as anyone the new spirit that pervades the Church's stance toward the Protestant and Orthodox Churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few weeks later the maps were being divided into squares and a position was described as being `` about lots 239 , 247 and 272 with pickets forward as far as 196 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then I cover the sowing with a board . (Filtered Words: 0)
probably it is correct to think of it as a matter of a well-grooved , stereotyped mode of expression -- and no , or but a few , other communicational grooves , as yet -- being there , available for the patient's use , as newly-emerging emotions and ideas well up in him over the course of months . (Filtered Words: 0)
To James this vision never quite came , despite his appreciation of it in others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing would change , nothing would ever change . (Filtered Words: 0)
The relationship between particle size and infectious dose is illustrated in Table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most unusual feature of Boris , however , is the use of the greatest character of all , the chorus . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We're going to Philadelphia '' , Kitty said , pulling her skirt down around her legs all the more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] has less reason for missing . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] said , `` Please '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'd like the room I had the last time '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
$15,000 to pay six policemen assigned as dog catchers and $15,000 to investigate dog bites . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , Africa is swerving violently away from the West and plunging , it would seem , into the Soviet orbit . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dance is but a disguised ritual for the expression of ungratified sexual desire . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is essential pleasantness in reading the writing of men who are not angry , who can contend without quarreling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even if he is gifted with the merest mustard grain of imagination , something must seep in . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I will give Mr. [FILTERED] his due for this dive . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` My boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , you could wish for some passion , now and then , but when you look around the world and see the little volcanos of current history which partisan social passions have wrought , you are glad that in these pamphlets there is at least some civilized calm . (Filtered Words: 0)
One was demonstrably false ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She was a top horsewoman and one of the city's most gracious hostesses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It appears to be one of intense dislike , which he makes little effort to conceal even in the presence of Southern friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
the rewards prompt and juicy in modern big-business America . (Filtered Words: 0)
Years of war , strain , and hatred ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Even musicians themselves have taken to writing poetry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Managing Director [FILTERED] has agreed to cooperate fully with [FILTERED] after a period of sharp disagreement on the matter . (Filtered Words: 2)
The action was a result of a court order , the citation for which ( and for other court action mentioned in this paper ) is taken from the Summary Report for this Conference . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked curiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tanner wisecracked . (Filtered Words: 0)
And a minister of all men is most conscious that he is mere man -- prone to the stresses that earthly humanity is heir to . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can't wander along in the dark , can you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He smiled also at a British bloke seated next to me , who asked the most asinine questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ensign Vesole decided that he would not tarry until he heard the whispering of the bombs , and when night began to fall , he put Seaman 2/c [FILTERED] and Seaman 1/c [FILTERED] on the guns and told them to start shooting the moment they saw an enemy silhouette . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` A lousy job '' (Filtered Words: 0)
One white hand poised a stick above his desk . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were running from something . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the extent that he was ostracized or even reviled , we solace ourselves by saying he asked for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
She studied him hopefully , yearningly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the conditions of comparison , it will be noted that : ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Undertaken by 32 American scholars , under the chairmanship of Rev. Dr. [FILTERED] , former dean of Yale University Divinity School , their studies resulted in the publishing of the Revised Standard Version , 1946-52 . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] took the plan to Wilson who said : `` [FILTERED] , this is plainly right on any ground . (Filtered Words: 2)
For a time , urging [FILTERED] to give up his public relations work and take up writing instead , he hoped to persuade him to become his assistant in research for the labor novel ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Ramey looked down and saw the white sneaker at the bottom of the man's tanned leg cautiously nudge a bit of folded , blood-flecked substance lying by itself on the pavement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inference is overwhelming that Du Pont's commanding position was promoted by its stock interest and was not gained solely on competitive merit '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
How is the beat poet to achieve unity of form when he is at the same time engaged in a systematic derangement of senses . (Filtered Words: 0)
The temporary Peace Corps will be a source of information and experience to aid us in formulating more effective plans for a permanent organization . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least he could climb up on the fence when his tormenters roared by again . (Filtered Words: 0)
They wouldn't go hungry , not yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Downtown Los Angeles is already two-thirds freeway , interchange , street , parking lot and garage -- one of those preposterous `` if '' statistics has already come to pass . (Filtered Words: 0)
a little of the `` secco '' came off . (Filtered Words: 0)
he is a public servant but not a cop . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's plenty of risk money '' , [FILTERED] added , `` but not for anything this risky '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Vocational education (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Shucks , [FILTERED] '' , they said almost in unison . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even mobile forces must be found and destroyed . (Filtered Words: 0)
With difficulty , [FILTERED] persuaded him to rejoin the ship , and they sailed from Iceland . (Filtered Words: 1)
The northern cowboy called all the red Mexican cattle which went up the trail `` [FILTERED] reds '' , while they called all cattle drove up from Mexico `` yaks '' , because they came from the Yaqui Injun country , or gave 'em the name of `` Mexican buckskins '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The growth center depicted here , in the distal phalanx of the second finger , is listed as the fifth of those in the seven short bones . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jaggers' iron control over her ( `` she would remove her hands from any dish she put before him , hesitatingly , as if she dreaded his calling her back ) '' ) rests on his having once got her acquitted of a murder charge by cleverly contriving her sleeves at the trial to conceal her strength and by passing off the lacerations on the backs of her hands as the scratches of brambles rather than of human fingernails . (Filtered Words: 0)
The patrol was stopping . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What shall we do with this one ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I went . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over 1,000 returns were received within two weeks after the final mailing was made . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] walked off alone out the road in the searing midday sun , past [FILTERED] three-room , tarpapered house , toward the field where the other boys were playing ball , thinking of what he would do in order to make Miss [FILTERED] have him stay in after school -- because this was the day he had decided when he thought he saw the look in her eyes . (Filtered Words: 3)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
This way of escape is theoretically possible , but since it has grave difficulties of its own and has not , so far as I know , been urged by positivists , it is perhaps best not to spend time over it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Schwarzkopf is , of course , Schwarzkopf . (Filtered Words: 0)
348 U.S. , at 412 . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , some formulas are used more than others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two or more dogs are mounted on each locking bar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bunks , or materials to build them , may have to be put inside the enclosure before the shelter walls are completed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Temperature of the wash and rinse waters is maintained at 85 - 90-degrees-F ( 29 - 32-degrees-C ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negro parents have filed application for admission of additional children to schools in Alexandria , Arlington , Fairfax , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] has also written both music and lyrics for several songs . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We made it , Cappy '' , the chick said . (Filtered Words: 0)
G . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has the power to do so but for the most part has left the matter for solution by judges on a case-by-case basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
But his prime interest , apart from music , he insisted seriously , was his family -- his wife , daughter and son . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here an important caveat is in order . (Filtered Words: 0)
We find it in Plato's Republic , and in Utopia More acknowledges his debt to that book . (Filtered Words: 0)
New plant facilities (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You wouldn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soup is often the important dish at supper . (Filtered Words: 0)
There had been some coconut in it , for I remember my mother's taking a quick glance at a stringy bit of this nut on the cheek of one of them and then putting down her radish with a shiver . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
He's as good as gone '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever the reasons , Willis and [FILTERED] started expanding Zenith . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some of this trend toward area vocational schools has been related to the problems of persistent labor surplus areas and their desire to attract new industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s appearance is rough-hewn Irish . (Filtered Words: 1)
All things are possible to God , but He chooses -- usually -- to work through people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would Papa really die ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One beatnik got the woman he was living with so involved in drugs and self-analysis and all-night sessions of sex that she was beginning to crack up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , with staring eyes and lips drawn thin , [FILTERED] said to the young woman , `` You are ugly -- uglier than you used to be , and you were always very ugly . (Filtered Words: 1)
How was she to behave , [FILTERED] wondered . (Filtered Words: 1)
I wished to prepare myself but did not even know what sort of clothes I ought to be wearing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly , one of the best ways of warning the world against anti-Semitism is to demonstrate its workings as a dangerous weapon . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And apparently impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Put aircraft in `` bomb-proof '' hangars when they are on the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic design of a fiber-coupled , double-stage image intensifier (Filtered Words: 0)
I think , too '' , he said , his dark eyes mischievous , `` that you will find there some clue to the secret of the cathedrals about which you have spoken '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he opened the door , there stood [FILTERED] , on his way out of the apartment . (Filtered Words: 1)
We actually have two issues in this question -- goal and method . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who but [FILTERED] himself ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , otherwise Hawk . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] had nodded absently and muttered that he would check the lists himself later . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now did [FILTERED] truly become the man of the hour , and everything that followed in the procedure of Justice was a new triumph for him . (Filtered Words: 1)
He forced himself to stay frozen there . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may refuse Him , spit on Him , call Him a devil , curse Him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I couldn't be sure he was still asleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
Good-bye . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
At Shawomet , women and children fled in terror across the Bay . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had been shut again , but the lock was broken ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He even calls upon the poets to defend the Muse and to show that poetry may contribute to virtue . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the one side we have the university professors and their students , trained in Teutonic methods of research , who have sought out , collected and studied the true products of the oral traditions of the ethnic , regional and occupational groups that make up this nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , they said , he did sleep , but so shortly and fitfully that he forgot . (Filtered Words: 0)
When this situation exists , the address Af will equal Af which was produced from Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I was to go to work on that odd matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The system passes on these savings to its members . (Filtered Words: 0)
The results were good , but which treatment helped is still not known . (Filtered Words: 0)
a perfect symbol . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Would you advise us to act the same way ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Although we are still far from a complete understanding of these problems , as a first approximation , it is suggested that alterations in the hypothalamic balance with consequent changes in the hypothalamic-cortical discharges account for major changes in behavior seen in various moods and states of emotions in man and beast under physiological circumstances , in experimental and clinical neurosis , and as the result of psychopharmacological agents . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the average situation about one-third of those visited make commitments to Christ and the Church . (Filtered Words: 0)
But her father was not enthusiastic about sending young [FILTERED] to high school . (Filtered Words: 1)
No margin for error (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet for better or for worse , the truth of the matter is that most American Catholic colleges do not owe their existence to general Catholic support but rather to the initiative , resourcefulness and sacrifices of individual religious communities . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was too old -- when he passed up and through the corridor of pines that lined the trail he could see ahead , he was passing from life . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is little evidence that existing public or private training programs have any great difficulty getting students to enroll in their programs , even though they must pay tuition , receive no subsistence payments , and are not guaranteed a job . (Filtered Words: 0)
The maintenance of Midwest Conference eligibility standards (Filtered Words: 0)
Detente urged (Filtered Words: 0)
and the composer himself was called the `` age of steel pianist '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beginning in 1960 , the matching requirements for the base allotment are being adjusted ( upward or downward , as required ) 25% a year , so that by 1963 the entire support allotment will be matched on the basis of a 40% pivot State share , with maximum and minimum State shares of 50% and 30% , respectively . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll collar [FILTERED] before night '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
No more startling contrast to a system of sullen satellites could be imagined . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked [FILTERED] , who had limped back from his team to hold the notched-stick chair braces in place while his boys swung up the tailgate and tied it tight at the ends . (Filtered Words: 2)
In the other : a wristwatch with broken crystal wrapped in a dirty handkerchief . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tight wagon meant so much . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems quite obvious that all the really difficult tasks of human beings arise from the fact that man is not one , but many . (Filtered Words: 0)
The source is known so there is no necessity to remove insecticide residues . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same conclusions can be drawn from the other physical evidence of the Dark ages , from linguistic distribution , and from the survivals of early social , political , and religious patterns into later ages . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All my life '' , he said , `` I tried . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pair of white cotton shorts ruled his life . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a flavor that might take a little getting used to -- not because it is unpleasant , but because the flavor is hard to define in the light of our experience with other fruits . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was jailed and banished . (Filtered Words: 0)
This opinion is supported by one of the nation's leading psychiatrists , Dr. [FILTERED] , director of the Mental Health Division of the Philadelphia Department of Public Health . (Filtered Words: 1)
7-5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Comfortably fixed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dance , dancers and dance enthusiasts ( 8,500 of them ) had a much better time of it at Lewisohn Stadium on Saturday night than all had had two nights earlier , when [FILTERED] presented the first of two dance programs . (Filtered Words: 1)
His chief motivation for enrolling at Hanford is the desire to '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Create a free market here , give us a sound , debt-free money system , and we'll compete with anyone , Europe and Asia combined . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked a young mustached Frenchman . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great state of Texas offers metropolitan attractions such as the Dallas Fair Park with its art and natural history museums . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet the most difficult problem in the Church's program of evangelism is right at this point -- helping new members to become participating , growing parts of the fellowship . (Filtered Words: 0)
All his emotions had been inward , self-conscious . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Both of you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Ifni crisis in the fall of 1957 postponed further consideration of elections , but French consultants were called in and notices of further investigation appeared from time to time . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can't expect it , though . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feathertop inquired , lounging against the freight's vibrating wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it comes to this , I shall prefer emigrating to some country where they make no pretence of loving liberty -- to Russia , for instance , where despotism can be taken pure , without the base alloy of hypocrisy '' ( His emphasis ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Her horse , rather . (Filtered Words: 0)
His first conclusion , on behavior of individual items , is negative , whereas mine ( on Ath. and Yok. ) was partially positive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Returning to the school crossing , the officer was informed by the Sisk boy that he recognized the driver , a neighbor , and had obtained the license number . (Filtered Words: 0)
A lot of people will roam the streets in costumes and masks , and having a ball . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are more substantial criticisms to be made of Fromm's account of capitalist civilization . (Filtered Words: 0)
There have been a number of sound plans proposed . (Filtered Words: 0)
After every money argument , she rebuffed her husband's overtures until the matter was settled in her favor . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no valley like this on your map . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , 13 , of [FILTERED] cooked the championship junior dollar dinner . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` In August our dealers sold 13% more farm machinery than a year earlier and in September retail sales were 14% higher than last year '' , says [FILTERED] , farm equipment vice president of International Harvester Co. . (Filtered Words: 1)
Increased efficiency (Filtered Words: 0)
butter ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
own pride and humility . (Filtered Words: 0)
A shine in her eyes suddenly became tears and she turned back to her husband again . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example : a sales presentation can be analyzed and evaluated through roleplaying . (Filtered Words: 0)
For indeed it seemed incredible that anyone could go on committing murder for ten years and not get caught at it , even in Hollywood . (Filtered Words: 0)
but if providing higher standards of living gets in the way of producing sufficient guns to resist Communist aggression , then material sacrifices and denials will have to be made . (Filtered Words: 0)
another reports that a cellular polypropylene , primarily for use in wire coating applications , is being investigated . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , the State Department is unique among government agencies for its lack of public supporters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The worst part had been the waiting ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's she doing in this bunch '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe you are not that gifted either , but how about puttering around with the old paints ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He opened the door and followed Rourke out . (Filtered Words: 0)
by means of an actual label or (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You gonna give me a drink , fella '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Representing the Emperor were the Prince De Ligne , still as impetuous as a youth of twenty ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Even when public bodies arrived at a consensus , at least one dissenting vote has been usual . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Have you spoken to a doctor about it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Church Unity Octave , January 18-25 , was enthusiastically devoted to prayer and discussion by the various churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah . (Filtered Words: 0)
The courtyard is magnificently decorated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thin man said , `` That-a-way '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stumbled over the root of a tree that protruded maliciously above the earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Preferably '' , said [FILTERED] , `` one battered and worn , such as might be found in a pawnshop '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , they do demonstrate the presence of large normal pressures in the presence of flat shear fields which were forecast by the theory in the first part of the paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said Britain also proposed that the international truce commission should be reconvened , sent to New Delhi and from there to Laos to verify the cease-fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Often the displeased parties interpreted our decision as implying favoritism toward the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What kind of models would you prefer '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And we'll be poor and have to live in a grubby little house like yours -- and all because of that '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
There was an artificial lake just out of sight in the first stand of trees , fed by a half dozen springs that popped out of the ground above the hillside orchard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED]'s taken to her bed , with the door locked . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What do you feel '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As long as the unscrupulous Myra chose ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The problem must be faced squarely . (Filtered Words: 0)
After that , violence was exultantly easy . (Filtered Words: 0)
That experience holds a lesson for us all in regard to birth control today . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only should this provision be enforced but other economic and political actions might be taken which , this author believes , `` must surely be supported by every American who values the freedom that has been won for him and whose conscience is not so dominated by the lines in his account books that he can willingly and knowingly contribute to the enslavement of another nation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first pretrial conference -- held to appoint amici curiae to represent the interest of the stockholders of Du Pont and General Motors and to consider the procedure to be followed in the subsequent hearings -- took place on September 25 , 1957 . (Filtered Words: 0)
After dialysis the sample was centrifuged and the supernatant placed on a Af cm column of EEAE-cellulose equilibrated with starting buffer . (Filtered Words: 0)
And how right she was . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've got this cold '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even Mr. [FILTERED] himself seems uncertain on this score . (Filtered Words: 1)
Frequently he must work long hours in the hot sun or cold rain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nature of the new birth (Filtered Words: 0)
I come early in the morning '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Road gang , [FILTERED] thought . (Filtered Words: 1)
Boating (Filtered Words: 0)
I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf Dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing sun of a bich com to sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead , he whirled and ran to his house for a gun , forcing them to kill him , [FILTERED] reported . (Filtered Words: 1)
The filler panels for the gable ends are cut from full Af sheets as shown , leaving no wastage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jess wasted a few seconds trying to yank them loose . (Filtered Words: 0)
but communication , no . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were in the center of the lobby now . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the Confucian , `` virtue '' simply meant mastery and correct observance of three hundred major rules of ritual and three thousand minor ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
A parallel function for philosophy is the study of the relation between perceptions experientially received and conceptions logically formed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same is true of every foundation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many factors contributed to the growth of the European movement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The elements of elegance and color in [FILTERED] are strong French characteristics . (Filtered Words: 1)
A unified set of regulations , applicable to all areas , was issued in 1929 , and a complementary series of demographic inquiries in selected areas was instituted at the same time . (Filtered Words: 0)
His candidacy affected his journalism somewhat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most orthodontists require an initial payment to cover the cost of diagnostic materials and construction of the appliances , but usually the remainder of the cost may be spread over a period of months or years . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it was his main present ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
For better subway services (Filtered Words: 0)
Definition . (Filtered Words: 0)
A complete plan (Filtered Words: 0)
On review the Supreme Court , via Mr. [FILTERED] , found southern racial problems `` a sensitive area of social policy on which the federal courts ought not to enter unless no alternative to adjudication is open '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was heralded as `` Sportsman of the Year '' by Sports Illustrated , and last night was acclaimed in Rochester as the `` Professional Athlete of the Year '' , a distinction that earned for him the $10,000 diamond-studded [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In New York City , WLIB boasts `` more community service programs than any other Negro station '' and `` one of the largest Negro news staffs in America '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They don't , Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He made the most of the long Brahmsian phrases , and by the directness and drive of his playing gave the work a handsome performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
For four of the six ( the anaconda and the amethystine python cannot be included for lack of data ) there is also a correlation between size at maturity and maximum length , the boa constrictor being the smallest and the Indian python the next in size at the former stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
No . (Filtered Words: 0)
Isn't it a bit odd that the three states of Southern New England ( Massachusetts , Connecticut , and Rhode Island ) have had state institutions of university status only in the very recent past , these institutions having previously been A & M colleges ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the glisten of the Truckee River made a wide spangle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Holidays (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , seated next to Deegan , got up and moved to the other end of the bench . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps he had known then where that hundred dollar bill had come from and where it was taking his wife . (Filtered Words: 0)
Channel-type image intensifiers are capable of achieving high-gain values ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You know what she likes , [FILTERED] , he had said wearily , one evening in November when [FILTERED] was pulling off his overshoes . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` How about your press conference three days later -- what was the reason for that ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There was only one possible answer , but [FILTERED]'s horrified mind refused to believe it until he had fed the radar plots of the skiff's course into the computer . (Filtered Words: 1)
My people await you on the shore . (Filtered Words: 0)
Books (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
For this change is not a change from one positive position to another , but a change from order and truth to disorder and negation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything , thereafter , is permitted him except the love he remembers and has never ceased to need . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pulsing glow of a cigarette . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though an host should encamp against me , my heart shall not fear : though war should rise against me , in this will I be confident '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the following pages , each of the major commercial foamed plastics is described in detail , as to properties , applications , and methods of processing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether historically a fact or not , the legend has a certain symbolic value . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man , [FILTERED] said , explained that it was not only too long and detailed but that as it stood it wasn't the sort of thing the public wanted . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet he knew the others were sleeping more soundly , now that they had renewed their contact with the matter that had birthed them to send them riding high vacuum . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's in Boston . (Filtered Words: 0)
Copernicus' achievement was to have invented systematic astronomy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's ten years younger than Ernest . (Filtered Words: 0)
The plaintiff in school desegregation cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
Half crazed by the weight dragging , the dust , and the heat , the horse leaped our wall , dashing out the rider's brains against it , and leaving him lying there among us -- while the horse crashed away through the brush . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
You had to be stupid or crazy or immortal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The flyer had his share of near-misses . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fight over the Warwick School Committee's appointment of a coordinator of audio-visual education may go to the state Supreme Court , it appeared last night . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found the pan where he had dropped it and carried it back down to the stream . (Filtered Words: 0)
The road maps of the region have changed since 1905 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The victims were [FILTERED] , 47 , and his wife , [FILTERED] , 46 . (Filtered Words: 2)
introduction of the `` dialogue '' principle proved strikingly effective at the thirty-fourth annual meeting of the Catholic Association for International Peace in Washington the last weekend in October . (Filtered Words: 0)
If nothing else , at least two good songs came out of the project , `` Out Of This World '' and `` June Comes Around Every Year '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To determine car speed for a given combination of engine speed , gear ratio , and tire size , the formula is : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radio broadcasts , however -- now that even plain people could afford `` loud speakers '' on their sets -- held old fans to the major-league races and attracted new ones , chiefly women , who through what the philosopher called the ineluctable modality of audition , became first inured , then attracted , then addicted to the long afternoon recitals of the doings in some distant baseball park . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mason had to earn the privilege of devoting himself exclusively to painting . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wanted him to get into trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
a 3-by-6-ft. plastic sign weighs about 120 lb. , compared to 275-300 lb. for neon . (Filtered Words: 0)
A quibusdam , , audivi nuper [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even as she was telling me about it I became aware of a give-away flush that suffused her neck and moved upwards to her cheeks , and subconsciously I realized that when she entered the store she did not switch on the lights . (Filtered Words: 0)
Francesca and [FILTERED] were habitual committee chairmen and they usually managed to be elected co-chairmen , equal bosses , of whatever PTA or civic project was being launched . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pa was sure to find out . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alfred began to put his affairs in order , and he went about it like a man putting his things into storage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another public interest group is the commission of laymen or educators which is appointed to study an educational problem and to make recommendations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , when Dartmouth's Winter Carnival -- widely recognized as the greatest , wildest , roaringest college weekend anywhere , any time -- was broadcast over a national television hookup , Prexy [FILTERED] appeared on the screen in rugged winter garb , topped off by a tam-o'-shanter which he confessed had been acquired from a Smith girl . (Filtered Words: 1)
We began by declaring that all men are created equal . (Filtered Words: 0)
She opened it an inch and poked out the keys for me to give you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now let's make sure they're Japs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another common method was to cut an onion in two and place each half on the wart for a moment ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The failure at that time of the Puerto Rican bishops to control the votes of their people added a ring of good sense to Father [FILTERED]'s theological argument . (Filtered Words: 1)
Something was needed to revive interest ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The American newspaperman worried about getting to the cable office . (Filtered Words: 0)
The coachman said softly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pozzatti and I endeavored earnestly to record our impressions without the prejudice that the anxiety of our time so easily provokes . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the manner of his passing moves the nations to act in the spirit of his dedication the sore issues that plague the world can yet be resolved with reason and justice . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all cases studied tissues of the stem on which the tumor had developed did not contain detectable amounts of WTV antigen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , the slowing for her may have occurred at any point between Onset and Completion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lewis himself furthered these tales . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
the aromatic sassafras nut of South America ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But it would greatly strengthen any Mayor's executive powers , remove the excuse in large degree that he is a captive of inaction in the Board of Estimate , increase his budget-making authority both as to expense and capital budgets , and vest in him the right to reorganize city departments in the interest of efficiency and economy . (Filtered Words: 0)
This intervention could only be controlled by priests , and thus the invasions caused a rapid rise in the influence of the sacred class . (Filtered Words: 0)
but after war came to Europe , he decided to return to France , arriving there in January , 1940 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Myra appreciated nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sensation he so overwhelmingly realized was one which told him he had been there before but he knew he had not , and could not recall any place he had visited to be likened to the limpid green water or the little fountain-falls or the green demon imprisoned beyond his reach . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now they were riding to kill him . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the third occasion -- another Big Four summit session at Paris a year ago -- there was no problem of an illusory `` spirit '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since 1927 , fewer than a dozen men have made serious runs at [FILTERED] record and each , in turn , has been thwarted . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the Steiners have busy lives without visiting relatives only context can indicate whether visiting relatives is equivalent in meaning to paying visits to relatives or to relatives who are visiting them , and in I looked up the number and I looked up the chimney only the meanings of number and chimney make it clear that up is syntactically a second complement in the first sentence and a preposition followed by its object in the second . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you measure its relation to reduced absenteeism , turnover , accidents , and grievances , and to improved quality and output ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Life is further characterized , in antithesis to Piepsam , as animal : the image of a dog , which appears at several places , is first given as the criterion of amiable , irrelevant interest aroused by life considered simply as a spectacle : a dog in a wagon is `` admirable '' , `` a pleasure to contemplate '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED] has indicated his dissatisfaction with its performance . (Filtered Words: 1)
he's a real hunter and shooter , eager to improve his sport . (Filtered Words: 0)
This knowledge both modifies and dictates diagnosis and treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then an ambulance comes along , and they drive Praisegod Piepsam away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing looks less like their work than the happenings of random occasion . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is every reason to regard deal as a monosyllable , and because of the fact that /l/ commonly has the quality of AAb/ when it follows vowel sounds , deal seems to be a perfectly satisfactory rhyme with deal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The demand for food is so great in the world that little arable land can be given over to growing the nonfood crops . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first Atlas ICBM's are now operational , the first two Polaris submarines are expected to be operational this calendar year , and the first Titan ICBM's next year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ogden , Utah , May 1 -- ( AP ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the longer pieces of the volume none is so memorable as `` Nameless And Immortal '' , which at once took rank among the finest poems ever written in the Swedish language . (Filtered Words: 0)
His earlier reports considered the American public schools basically sound and not in need of drastic change . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dallas may get to hear a debate on horse race parimutuels soon between Reps. [FILTERED] ) Berry and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
I have an appointment '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another hoodlum , [FILTERED] , drew $39,000 from [FILTERED]'s janitor firm , the National Maintenance company , in three years ending in 1959 , [FILTERED] disclosed in an interview . (Filtered Words: 2)
Then came the scientific revolution in the late 1920's . (Filtered Words: 0)
This illusion was described in a far-sighted editorial in The New York Herald Tribune , on March 5 , 1947 , in connection with the submission of the satellite peace treaties to the Senate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything being the sweater , a lipstick case , and a squirt bottle of Kissin' Kare pink hand lotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here he would have free expression because the material could be moved to distort forms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the religious impulse , whether theistic or humanistic , men have joy in living ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Figs. 7 and 8 give all pertinent dimensions . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I had developed the machines and therefore knew them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Use one coat of Firzite and one coat of marine paint . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bern demands that the Lord's Supper be administered here as it used to be , with unleavened bread . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Stalag , Helion came to know and love his comrades , most of them plain folk , who , in their extremity , showed true courage and ran great risks to help each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he was on his way at a gallop . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` [FILTERED] square as an expression of centrality (Filtered Words: 1)
His first glimpse of the ranch house across the brushy swells told him nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many changes involved minor editing and clarification ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Indirectly he can best help them by insuring that rigorous criteria for appointment and promotion are clearly set forth and adhered to . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A lot of people are so peculiar that they don't like cats , it's not the easiest thing in the world to find good homes for kittens -- and , damn it , you know very well if I have them around long , impossible to give them away ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It does cost a lot of money for most hobbies but there are hobbies that are for free . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , the marked susceptibility of the monkey to respiratory infection might be related to its delicate , long alveolar ducts and short , large bronchioles situated within a parenchyma entirely lacking in protective supportive tissue barriers such as those found in types 1 , and 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several years ago headlines were made by a small radio transmitter capsule which could be swallowed by the patient and which would then radio internal pressure data to external receivers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He told me that he had a big newt and a little newt and that he was transplanting a big eye of the big newt onto the little newt and a little eye of the little newt onto the big newt . (Filtered Words: 0)
state and county committeemen , CDC directors and representatives , members of 16 area clubs , and `` all residents '' have been invited . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took his mask from his forehead and threw it , unexpectedly , across the deck . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could see them in my sights . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part-time farmers generally must pay higher prices for supplies than full-time farmers because they buy in smaller quantities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where does one find such conditions ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The sensing of this rotation by the X gyro can be utilized to direct the platform into proper heading . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] was negotiating the Middle East peace after Israel's 1956 invasion of Egypt , he soon found himself speaking the mysterious phrases of Cairo , a language as anarchic as [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Suppose you tell me the real reason '' , he drawled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place work on a flat surface and smooth out . (Filtered Words: 0)
With Red Hogan , he rode to the Welcome Cafe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her teeth chattered so that she made three attempts at speech before she became intelligible . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is often stated that Copernican astronomy is ' simpler ' than Ptolemaic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early equipment was very flimsy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She urged the importance of more thorough preparation for admission . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` When I was in college '' , I grinned , `` I remember a poem I had to read in my lit class . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the back nine he began to acquire the tidal wave of a gallery that stayed with him the rest of the tournament . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Mr. [FILTERED] and the driver of the sports car waved at each other . (Filtered Words: 1)
We entered one where the front door stood ajar and climbed a flight of steep steps to the main floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are also struck by the fact that this story of a boy's love for his mother does not offend , while the incestuous love of the man , [FILTERED] , sometimes repels . (Filtered Words: 1)
it is an absurdity . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've been bursting my lungs for you '' , Mr. [FILTERED] complained . (Filtered Words: 1)
On her first visit the orthodontist will take x-rays , photographs , tooth measurements , and `` tooth prints '' -- an impression of the mouth that permits him to study her teeth and jaws . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll see you later '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cascading of single stages , enclosed in one common envelope . (Filtered Words: 0)
On this basis , our already substantial budget for research and development has been further increased in recent years in order to finance the continuing engineering and design work essential to [FILTERED]'s future growth in sales and earnings . (Filtered Words: 1)
He asks . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there were great satisfactions , even for a small man . (Filtered Words: 0)
investigation of respiratory diseases of laboratory animals ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Such was the impromptu that Voltaire gave to howls of laughter at Sans Souci and that was soon circulated in manuscript throughout the literary circles of Europe , to be printed sometime later , but with the name of Timon of Athens , the famous misanthrope , substituted for that of Rousseau . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is an irritable rule that does baseball more harm than good , especially at the minor league level . (Filtered Words: 0)
With enormous interest , Adam watched his hands as they touched and shifted the objects on the board directly before him . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was pious , too , once kneeling through the night from Holy Thursday to Good Friday , despite the protest of the nuns that this was too much for a young girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
The terms are fairly safe to use on this side of the ocean , but before you start spouting them to your date , it might be best to find out if he was a member of Major Pockmanster's [FILTERED] , since resentment toward the natives was reportedly very high in that outfit . (Filtered Words: 1)
You wouldn't have me throw the poor boy out on the street '' , [FILTERED] said when I needled her about it . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Don't you dare ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
For any pencil in a plane containing a Af-fold secant of **zg has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in Af lines , namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of **zg and the multiple secant , plus an additional component to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Their sentry followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- American Stock Exchange prices enjoyed a fairly solid rise but here also trading dwindled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lester heard their muttering , saw their eyes reveal their desire . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nobody gave me flowers before . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wonder grows . (Filtered Words: 0)
didn't answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' Despite Company threats , duly carried through , to cut off supplies of powder , ball , and thread for fishing nets , about 350 persons stayed in the village . (Filtered Words: 0)
At a recent meeting of the Women's Association of the Trumbull Ave. United Presbyterian Church , considerable use was made of material from The Detroit News on the King James version of the New Testament versus the New English Bible . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his Message of December 2 , 1862 , he put his purpose and his policy in these words -- which I would call the Lincoln Law of Liberty-and-Union : `` In giving freedom to the slave , we assure freedom to the free '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recently many doctors have installed ultrasonic vibration machines for deep massage of bruises , contusions , and simple bursitis . (Filtered Words: 0)
It comes to you that probably he did feel that way to let you use him like you did when you couldn't have [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Except that Kitti wasn't there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cried [FILTERED] , showing that automobiles were considered to be a danger as early as the 1920's . (Filtered Words: 1)
Later , chlorothiazide and salt restriction became necessary to control the edema of chronic congestive failure . (Filtered Words: 0)
He slammed the door and listened as his servants ran up , alarmed at the sound of the shots . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] not only reveals character through gesture , he makes hands a crucial element of the plot , a means of clarifying the structure of the novel by helping to define the hero's relations with all the major characters , and a device for ordering such diverse themes as guilt , pursuit , crime , greed , education , materialism , enslavement ( by both people and institutions ) , friendship , romantic love , forgiveness , and redemption . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then the Bonaventure seemed to disintegrate with a roar of live steam , geysers of sparks and flames , and a dense cloud of black-and-orange smoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such `` depletion allowances '' , in the form of percentages of sales are authorized by tax law for specified raw materials producers using up their assets . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Miranda twined themselves around me , murmuring endearments . (Filtered Words: 1)
The capacity for making the distinctions of which diplomacy is compact , and the facility with language which can render them into validity in the eyes of other men are the leader's means for transforming the moral intuition into moral leadership . (Filtered Words: 0)
If death receives more than its share of attention from the theologian and if sin receives less than its share , the gift of the life eternal through Christ begins to look like the divinely appointed means of rescue from temporal , i.e. , created , existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he began to crawl again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thoroughly modern in treatment , they are at the same time , full of simple sincerity which invariably characterizes genuine Negro folk-music and are by no means to be confused with the average ' Broadway Spirituals ' which depend for their racial flavor upon sundry allusions to the ' Amen Corner ' , ' judgement Day , ' Gabriel's Horn , and a frustrated devil -- with a few random hallelujahs thrown in for good measure . (Filtered Words: 0)
General directions : (Filtered Words: 0)
I grinned , but ignored the question . (Filtered Words: 0)
They could come on him now without difficulty . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when she returned from taking her guests back to New York she had said , `` All they talked about was [FILTERED] this , [FILTERED] that When they know the truth will they drop away from me , will I become a nothing '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
He studied the night clerk as a man measures an adversary . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had to clear his throat . (Filtered Words: 1)
( [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ) Carefully executed melting studies on this system ( [FILTERED] ) permit quantitative estimation of the instability engendered by reduced crystallite length . (Filtered Words: 4)
He boomed a 280-yard drive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps there is more truth than we are wont to admit in the conviction of that ornament of Tarheelia , [FILTERED] grandfather , who was persuaded that the great curse of the modern world is `` all this gallivantin' '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A cinder or other small object could be removed from the eye by placing a flaxseed in the eye . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am certainly not adequately trained to describe or enlarge on human fears , but there are certain features of the fears dispelled by scientific explanations that stand out quite clearly . (Filtered Words: 0)
At Yokosuka he was restricted to the confines of the Base because [FILTERED] , being thoughtful , knew that Doc might have to draw some medical supplies from the hospital or the Supply Base . (Filtered Words: 1)
With distaste I saw him assume a pompous air . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fencing by the roadside ended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today's trend toward furniture designs from America's past is teaching home-owners and decorators a renewed respect for the shrewd cabinetmakers of our Colonial era . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And I am not sure that I have any cash -- any money , that is -- but if you will wait just a minute I will write you out a check if I can find my checkbook . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then [FILTERED] said : `` What are you gonna do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Union policies and collective bargaining issues (Filtered Words: 0)
Khrushchev , for all his bombastic prophecies about the inevitable decay of capitalism , is genuinely favorable to `` peaceful coexistence '' and would like , above all , the Berlin and German problems to be settled peacefully ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When air travel was in its infancy , the sky was considered big enough and high enough for all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Up to date , however , his garden was still more or less of a mess , he hadn't even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he hadn't found it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sighting a line from the bridge to a small field directly to the side , I pitched the tent that evening on the stateless `` line '' , digging a small trench around it as best I could with a toy spade donated by a neighborhood child . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Governor Tawes today appointed [FILTERED] , his administrative assistant , as Maryland's Secretary of State . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the Stalag , Helion came to know and love his comrades , most of them plain folk , who , in their extremity , showed true courage and ran great risks to help each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
He evolved programs that plumbed new depths of bathos and besmirched whole networks , and quickly superseded his boss . (Filtered Words: 0)
I do not know if such a way of life can come to be a self-conscious challenge , but I suspect that it can . (Filtered Words: 0)
A crucial question , therefore , is what evangelism and mission actually mean in metropolitan Protestantism . (Filtered Words: 0)
The English lady said she had to go to Vienna for a while . (Filtered Words: 0)
It didn't have to be perfect . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not see Sparling , or DeGroot , or [FILTERED] , or any of the feverish crew that had so harassed him twelve hours ago . (Filtered Words: 1)
also he is a drunk , and has lost his job on that account . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be sure all members are parallel , vertical and level as required . (Filtered Words: 0)
But do not dream . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found that he no longer hated Dolores ( he knew how much he had hated her ) , and he was surprised at a resurgence of an affectionate feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nate ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She snapped at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her veil was caught to a crown , and she carried gardenias and stephanotis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The way his red rubber lips were stretched across his pearly little teeth I thought he was only having a little joke , but , no , he wanted me to bend down from the roar of wind so he could roar something into my ear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Globocnik built the Death's-Head Corps . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You owe it to [FILTERED] to give her a chance to explain that she was defending you , really '' , he observed mildly . (Filtered Words: 1)
You'll get your pay in the morning '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On a team a man feels he is a part of it and akin to the men next to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of them are very delicious indeed , and there are many good ones exported -- unfortunately , along with others not so good , and worse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Below decks , Seaman 1/c [FILTERED] had begun to write a letter home . (Filtered Words: 1)
He could feel a pulse pounding against the bandages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tibet is too vast , the terrain is too difficult . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is expected to supervise , to encourage , to direct , to assist in any way he can . (Filtered Words: 0)
Workers usually think more of a plan they contribute to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Foliage pilgrimages , either organized or individual , are becoming an autumn item for more and more Americans each year . (Filtered Words: 0)
For what we propose , however , a psychoanalyst is not necessary , even though one aim is to enable the reader to get beneath his own defenses -- his defenses of himself to himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why didn't you go there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In most of the less developed countries , however , such programing is at best inadequate and at worst nonexistent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The resignation of the Rev. [FILTERED] , headmaster of St. Stephen's Episcopal Day School in Coconut Grove , becomes effective July 15 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The bridge has survived the natural hazards of the elements , war , fire , and floods , as well as injuries incident to heavy traffic , for more than a hundred years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps her eyes were larger and more of a summer blue for all they had seen and wept that day . (Filtered Words: 0)
How did one join them ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The AID has found a mantlepiece attributed to [FILTERED] of Salem , Mass. , an architect and woodcarver who competed for the designing of the Capitol here in 1792 . (Filtered Words: 1)
and the poppies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The shelves looked emptier than when Miss [FILTERED] had shown her the storeroom , and since the men from the Commissary had called ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
gauche rainbow shapes replaced the poignant ovals of gold . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lazy sing-song was spaced in time like the drone of a bumble-bee . (Filtered Words: 0)
If your house is to have a forced warm air system , cooling can be a part of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wailed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their President , [FILTERED] , interpreted their Constitution to mean that it `` admits of no coerced association '' , but this remained so doubtful that `` there were frequent demands that the right to secede be put into the Constitution '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
and the doctrine of original sin is compounded of injustice . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am tired of sultans and scimitars '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Rawson , using a stepwise elution scheme , fractionated whole sera containing ABO and [FILTERED] antibodies on diethylaminoethyl DEAE cellulose and carboxymethyl cellulose . (Filtered Words: 2)
Miss Upton spoke gratefully of the response of [FILTERED] graduates and Negro friends in helping to raise the Fund , and their continuing efforts to raise money for greatly needed current expenses . (Filtered Words: 1)
He burst from the hot confinement of the room into the cold night air . (Filtered Words: 0)
Offenses multiply (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
An action once universally condemned by all Christian churches and forbidden by the civil law is now not only approved by the overwhelming majority of Protestant denominations , but also deemed , at certain times , to be a positive religious duty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gavin sank down again into his chair and began to rock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their policy ran counter to the traditional idea that a good fighter was usually a libertine , and that in sex affairs `` God-given passion '' was a proof of manliness . (Filtered Words: 0)
New car sales in Dallas County during March showed slight signs of recovering from the doldrums which have characterized sales this year . (Filtered Words: 0)
the range of our voice ignores distance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Amy walked -- making it halfway across the cottage floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside it was already hot at 7:30 A.M. , and it was getting hot in the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drew her close and , hand on cheek , turned her face to his . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't like to bother no one unless we have to , which I figger we do , in your case . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last Tuesday he went on a ham jag '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are as decisively present in the Oresteia and Oedipus as in [FILTERED] , King Lear , and Phedre . (Filtered Words: 1)
All of it might have been heroic , but they had done it in the wrong place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Desegregation in Pulaski County is pending because of court order , although date of admission is not yet determined . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the funniest man . (Filtered Words: 0)
His bust shows an intense , mustached , fine-featured face . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm still a soldier in a very small way , Styka '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mouth was thin-lipped and wide , the long cleft in the upper lip like a slide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pre-inaugural position (Filtered Words: 0)
There's someone there I have to see . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is what we mean when we say this demand must be accepted without condition . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and his dance company appeared at the Henry Street Playhouse on Friday and Saturday evenings and Sunday afternoons in the premiere of his latest work , `` Signal '' , and the repetition of an earlier one , `` Journal '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
At first each child should do a kick-up by himself so that the teacher can determine those ready to work alone , and those who need help . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Gator trailer , Model 565 , is used to transport the boat to the waterways . (Filtered Words: 0)
She puffed on the cigarette slowly , sitting slumped against the back seat ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally it will be dictated to a large extent by the shape and size of your land . (Filtered Words: 0)
You've thought about it before in a hazy sort of way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] of [FILTERED] was her sister's maid of honor , and [FILTERED] of San Angelo was best man . (Filtered Words: 3)
The quest offers careers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fabrics have Scotchgard finish to resist soil and wrinkles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Emotionally , they penetrated him not at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , the chromatic aberrations depend on the chosen high voltage . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Governor [FILTERED] offered New York National Guard planes to fly the mail in and out of the state , it seemed a likely temporary solution , easing Burlington's bottleneck and that at Montpelier too . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I think we'd better let it lay until we get a clearer picture of the ecological setup around here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Discreet Italian police described it in a manner typically continental . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unanimity on Interama is not surprising . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each is a complete ballplayer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Everybody knows I'm just a harmless , deaf old man who takes to drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clock you heard strike -- it's really the town clock -- was installed last April by Mrs. [FILTERED] , on her birthday '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A baby was burned to death and two other children were seriously injured last night in a fire which damaged their one-room Anne Arundel county home . (Filtered Words: 0)
I calculated first that there are about an octillion atoms in the average human body ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
From there he chipped back and sank his putt for a par 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her hesitation was only momentary and she hoped he didn't notice it , as she settled herself , asked quickly how [FILTERED] and the babies were getting on . (Filtered Words: 1)
After a roundup the pushin' of stray cattle of outside brands toward their home range was called `` throwin' over '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wholesome activities were to be provided by many organizations including the YMCA , the Knights of Columbus , the Jewish Welfare Board , the American Library Association , and the Playground and Recreation Association -- private societies which voluntarily performed the job that was taken over almost entirely by the Special Services Division of the Army itself in World War 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he is the child of nothingness , if he is the predestined victim of an age of atomic wars , then he will consult only his own organic needs and go beyond good and evil . (Filtered Words: 0)
How a child feels about himself , about other people , and about the tasks confronting him in school may have as much influence on his success in school as his physical and intellectual characteristics . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other municipalities the difficulties in overcoming the financial burden have been sufficiently great to dishearten proponents of fiscal year changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a question contains two verbs , the response does not make clear which of them is being answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sharp wind slapped at him and his feet felt like ice as the snow penetrated the holes of his shoes , his only ones , now patched with folded parchment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look in the wastebasket . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Seems to me I don't remember altering any law about that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yehhh '' , said Coughlin , testily , eyeing him up and down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eugene offered [FILTERED] his car , to use at any time he cared to , and when this offer was not accepted , the armchair creaked . (Filtered Words: 1)
And this is true in the case of some turnpikes on which revenues have risen close to , or beyond , the point at which the roads start to pay all operating costs plus annual interest on the bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does it employ crude pressure tactics with such means as anonymous telephone calls and letter writing campaigns ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine the particular State's `` allotment percentage '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I hope so '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He questioned God's taking time to telegraph the message , but he felt better about Kizzie , and he took the sealed envelope from its pigeonhole , wondering why he had preserved it . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , [FILTERED] , president of Bell & Howell , warned 800 U.S. marketing leaders attending a national conference at the Ambassador , that the future will belong to the industrialist of creative and `` unconventional wisdom '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Payment by check or money order . (Filtered Words: 0)
A dozen cows mooed sadly and regarded us as if we were insane , as perhaps we were at that moment , with the crazy excitement of our first encounter , the yelling and shooting still continuing up at the road , and the thirst of some of the men , which was so great that they waded into the muddy water and scooped up handfuls of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
This means an added burden to innumerable postmen , who already are complaining of heavy loads and low pay , and it presumably means an increased postal deficit , but , our correspondent writes , think of the additional junk mail each citizen will now be privileged to receive on a regular basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
National leaders will have to display the highest skills of statesmanship to guide their people through times of uncertainty and confusion which destroy men's sense of identity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her husband , who was sentenced to 15 years in the federal prison at McNeil Island last April for robbery of the Hillsdale branch of Multnomah Bank , also was charged with the store holdup . (Filtered Words: 0)
Freedom depends upon them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hadn't [FILTERED] been a perfect wife to Bobbie , who was the least bit of a disappointment all these years ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
But not in front of Trig . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll have one of the boys get it '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was sharpening his razor . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Whom God hath joined '' etcetera . (Filtered Words: 0)
Long-range state planning (Filtered Words: 0)
The TEA estimated there would be 182 scholastics to attend the day school in Dallas County , saving them from coming to [FILTERED] to live in the state deaf school . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now [FILTERED] really would have to settle down to love honor and obey , and she'd have to quit drinking . (Filtered Words: 1)
It furnishes a means of destroying insects in stored grain products as well as certain parasitic organisms present in meats . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was one more reason she didn't look forward to [FILTERED]'s visit , short or long ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , who played drums , hasn't seen his chum since . (Filtered Words: 1)
Committee members aiding them in planning the entertainment are Messrs and [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 5)
We often say of a person that he `` looks young for his age '' or `` old for his age '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
His black hat with its wide brim , high crown , and fur trim rode high . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the thirties we would not face our enemy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The atmosphere was one of optimism , of confidence in human progress , and of a determination to rid the world of its ills . (Filtered Words: 0)
He leafed through the light reading provided by Mrs. [FILTERED] for her guests : four separate adventures of the Bobbsey Twins ( At the Seashore , At the Mountains , On the Farm , and In [FILTERED] ) and several agricultural bulletins on the treatment of hoof-and-mouth disease in cattle , hideously illustrated . (Filtered Words: 2)
Show this gentleman to 1105 '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She did not pause to consider what she would do if her plan should fail ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Musical activities (Filtered Words: 0)
Detroit , Mich. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A lousy job '' (Filtered Words: 0)
That is his privilege . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] had given Ma something of his -- we both had when we thought she was going straight to Pa -- something valuable ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Student leaders began sporadic efforts to negotiate theater integration several months ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
You must also wear a car coat . (Filtered Words: 0)
To him , law is the command of the sovereign ( the English monarch ) who personifies the power of the nation , while sovereignty is the power to make law -- i.e. , to prevail over internal groups and to be free from the commands of other sovereigns in other nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are longing to see you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Representing the Emperor were the Prince De Ligne , still as impetuous as a youth of twenty ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His eyes burned feverishly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Examples of such situations are ( aerial ) night reconnaissance , the recording of radioactive tracers in live body tissues , special radiography in medical or industrial applications , track recording of high energy particles , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Nov. 11 , 12 , racers will drive their flying shingles in 5-mile laps over its 500-mile speedboat course . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the street , walking as quickly as he could , [FILTERED] was a lone figure . (Filtered Words: 1)
Once out of the gate they had charged straight up the narrow lane . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It is a British [FILTERED] , the smallest they make '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What's the matter , honey '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The figure halted , and [FILTERED] gasped . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You people don't have adjustable vision '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
This resulted in a great number of errors . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said that proved she wasn't to be trusted with a fire in her room , and she could be burned to a crisp without anybody knowing it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A serious problem accompanying the technical-ladder approach is the difficulty of clearly defining responsibilities and standards of performance for each level . (Filtered Words: 0)
While high anxiety children achieve significantly less well ( Af ) in the unstructured school than do low anxiety children , they appear to do at least as well as the average in the structured classroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Pilgrims gathered to thank the Lord for His benevolence during their first year in the new land . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was glad [FILTERED] was nowhere near . (Filtered Words: 2)
Chicago , Aug. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes , though , they did not seem quite human . (Filtered Words: 0)
When dealing with the actual relation of philosophy to the sociology of knowledge , or better the role of philosophy in assisting research on the social sources of ideas , one has to become necessarily selective . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are ghostly scenes in which the little boy on his rocking horse rocks madly toward the climax that will magically give him the name of the winning horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasionally they heard gun-shot signals and a number of horsemen were sighted on the hills , disappearing at the posse's approach . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was a very absurd and annoying situation in which I was placed by [FILTERED] curious methods of handling me . (Filtered Words: 1)
It overlooks the other fact that it is described as `` Nec minus salutaris quam festivus '' , `` no less salutary than gay '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He reported , too , that among the habitants there were none of probity and ability sufficient to justify entrusting them with the King's goods . (Filtered Words: 0)
to measure armhole : (Filtered Words: 0)
In the observations at 4.3 mm ( Coates , 1959 ) , the diameter of the antenna beam , 6'.7 , was small enough to allow resolution of some of the larger features of the lunar surface , and contour diagrams have been made of the lunar brightness distribution at three lunar phases . (Filtered Words: 0)
The alternative to this is that if a conservative candidate is nominated the national committee will have to appeal to the trusts for their campaign funds , and in doing this will incur obligations which would make a Democratic victory absolutely fruitless . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stockade was brilliantly lighted and the guerrillas sighted him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic design of a fiber-coupled , double-stage image intensifier (Filtered Words: 0)
The building will contain 430,000 square feet , approximately the same as our present plant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Microscopically , there was hyperemia of the central veins , and there was some atrophy of adjacent parenchyma . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
**yt is the friction angle ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Anthropologists , housewives , historians and such by profession , they approach their discipline as amateurs , collectors , commercial propagandists , analysts or some combination of the four . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eight hundred and sixty-five Rebels surrendered within their works and a thousand more were captured or surrendered themselves that night and the next day . (Filtered Words: 0)
The already faded pastel charms of the naive music itself vanish entirely in [FILTERED]'s melodramatic contrasts between ultravehement brute power and chilly , if suave , sentimentality . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am confident that it will , but consumer spending in the Sixties will not be fortified by the great backlog of wants and desires which characterized most of the Fifties . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here would be a powerful force for raising business activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the hearing officer's report is but intradepartmental , is directed to the Attorney General and , of course , is not the recommendation of the Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
He might have been anywhere or nowhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Byrnes says that invariably thereafter the Soviets used the same security argument to justify their course in Poland . (Filtered Words: 0)
In contrast , the dynamic program produces this policy and a whole family of policies for any smaller number of stages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Family planning is encouraged , so that parents will be able to provide properly for their offspring . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hirey treats himself a lot better than we do prisoners . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indirect indications of micrometeorite flux (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're staying right here for a while . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1959-60 , vehicles averaged an operating cost of $.027 per mile . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fireplace had tiles made for Mrs. [FILTERED] by [FILTERED] himself . (Filtered Words: 2)
2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Outside '' faculty members want to be considered partners in the academic enterprise and not merely paid employees of a family business . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Few crank calls '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nine of the league's teams play in baseball parks and therefore face an early-season conflict in dates . (Filtered Words: 0)
About halfway through the second bottle , [FILTERED] looked at me across Pops , who was sitting between us and asked `` Now '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] grunted . (Filtered Words: 1)
young chief stared at the wall of his lodge , , listening . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leningrad's Kirov Ballet , famous for classic purity of technique , begins its first U.S. tour in New York ( through Sept. 30 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , seven years after the date of my initial induction as a draftee , I am Assistant Professor of Philosophy and Science at St. Michael's College . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was appalled by such spurious history as that which attributed the fall of the Carolingian empire to the woolen trade , and he urged Adams to `` transform his essay into a real history , embodying not merely those facts which fit into his theory , but also the modifications and exceptions '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then will you give me a visa to re-enter France '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Such optimism was completely unjustified . (Filtered Words: 0)
'fess up -- don't you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was not reduced to poverty , but his job at the steel company had become a real job and not a method of passing the day . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is having his troubles with Layton Hanover ( Dean Hanover-Lucy Hanover ) , but hopes to have him straightened out and going before long . (Filtered Words: 1)
Linguistic charting of the transcribed interview flags points where the patient's voice departs from expected norms . (Filtered Words: 0)
General [FILTERED] was fresh from a long series of bridge burnings , including the long bridge at Fairmont , and , after seeing a great drove of horses and cattle he had collected safely across the bridge , he sent his men to work piling combustibles in and around it . (Filtered Words: 1)
And yet the elements which capture his liberal and humanistic imagination are those which make the English story worth telling and worth remembering . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was still a very big world , despite all the modern cant to the contrary . (Filtered Words: 0)
In general , it appears that educational decisions and educational policies are made by people who intend to act in the interests of the society as a whole . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , Africa is swerving violently away from the West and plunging , it would seem , into the Soviet orbit . (Filtered Words: 0)
And as for his pipe , if he wanted to smoke one , nobody would stop him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The simplest grill ( pan type ) or inexpensive hibachi can make you a chef . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did you find him '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He said more loudly , `` I'm full , old Pop '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't a new boat , about five years old , but fitted with fishing outriggers and chairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
This year [FILTERED] , outstanding Handler , judged the Class . (Filtered Words: 1)
From Candlelight Club (Filtered Words: 0)
Inflammatory cells were strikingly absent . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it will include 200-odd officeholders , organization leaders and `` interested party people '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his concluding paragraph he writes : `` The devoted writer of humor will continue to try to come as close to truth as he can '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the conclusion of the washing , 8 liters of water at 90-degrees-F ( 32*0C. ) are automatically metered from the rinse reservoir to the washing tubs , 4 liters to each tub . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] , neither crime nor virtue pays ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But I meant what I said , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The division between the island and this shore , consists principally of an arch ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gentle Channing , revered by all Bostonians , orthodox or [FILTERED] , wrote to a friend in Louisville that among its many virtues Boston did not abound in a tolerant spirit , that the yoke of opinion crushed individuality of judgment and action : `` No city in the world is governed so little by a police , and so much by mutual inspections and what is called public sentiment . (Filtered Words: 1)
You're not in the big leagues , but if you can't give and take down here what the hell do you think it'll be like up there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Emergency Medical Treatment Unit , Phase 1 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She's not chubby . (Filtered Words: 0)
He released her and joined [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 , Corinthians 4 : 3 , 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feathertop interrupted , standing up , brushing the pig offal from his dirty pants . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had some reasons , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
The platform is initially off level by the angle Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] had given Ma something of his -- we both had when we thought she was going straight to Pa -- something valuable ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Here was [FILTERED]'s chance to indulge in something at which he was supreme . (Filtered Words: 1)
Lipowa 7 , Sobibor , Chelmno , Poltawa , Belzec , [FILTERED] , Budzyn , Krasnik . (Filtered Words: 1)
Or was it another revolt inside [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
For padding the seats and bunks , I used Ensolite , Type Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consequently no one had remembered to introduce [FILTERED] to the prospective partners . (Filtered Words: 1)
She thought again of her children , those two who had died young , before the later science which might have saved them could attach even a label to their separate malignancies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over in [FILTERED] the streets had been deep in swirling water , and bridges were crumpled and gone . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , if corporations are not to run away with us , they must become quasi-governmental institutions , subject to public control and needs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He may even alter the pattern by applying a scheme of random numbers . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm angry '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
thus early forecasting of the pubescent stage would appear possible for only seven boys . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've been fixing up the guest room for [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
This prime element of the truth may be stated as follows : Under prevailing policy , the U.S. can take the initiative against the Right , but cannot take the initiative against the Left . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would he take pains to avoid it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These are arranged according to crystal system . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , the list is interesting for its omissions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some special health requirements might have to be met . (Filtered Words: 0)
During a 1933 tsunami in Japan the sea glowed brilliantly at night . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is quite probable , however , that stupidity , inexperience and childish adherence to slogans like `` unconditional surrender '' had more to do with the unsatisfactory settlements at the end of the war than treason or sympathy with Communism . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other side of the ledger is the fact that he did see his niece and the woman with whom she was staying . (Filtered Words: 0)
8 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Repeated polls have disclosed that most married couples are now using contraceptives in the practice of birth control . (Filtered Words: 0)
And now , of course , the hue and cry for counter-escalation is being raised on our side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cobb got it . (Filtered Words: 0)
She meant him well , but was in no condition for articulate speech . (Filtered Words: 0)
The road past the butcher shop took us along the side of a stream . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was having lunch not long ago ( apologies to [FILTERED] ) with three distinguished historians ( one specializing in the European Middle Ages , one in American history , and one in the Far East ) , and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with `` deliberate speed , majestic instancy '' ( [FILTERED] words for the Hound Of Heaven's Pursuit ) by judicial fiat . (Filtered Words: 2)
For the dignity , the influence , and the power of the legislative branch of our Government -- it is a privilege for us to do honor to this great man who represents not alone his own district but all the people of our country . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The root question in American politics is always : Who's the Man to See ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , whereas in Interstate Commerce Commission parlance `` variable cost '' means a cost deemed to vary in direct proportion to changes in rate of output , in the type of analysis now under review `` variable cost '' has been used more broadly , so as to cover costs which , while a function of some one variable ( such as output of energy , or number of customers ) , are not necessarily a linear function . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said swiftly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Says [FILTERED] : `` Maybe if the idea got around again that obesity is immoral , the fat man would start to think '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
All checks and money orders should be made payable to Internal Revenue Service . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let me outta here ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The people , in delegating authority , do not give their public servants the right to decide what is good for the people to know and what is not good for them to know . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cold , mysterious presence of God was all around him . (Filtered Words: 0)
What factors condition the degree of realization at various times and places ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was no vacation , just me getting out after a bellyfull . (Filtered Words: 0)
The club runs regular trips to the cabins , but many of the students prefer to take off in small unofficial groups for a weekend of hunting , fishing , climbing , or skiing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So there it is '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Mayor declined in two interviews with reporters yesterday to confirm or deny the reports that he had decided to run and wanted Mr. [FILTERED] , who lives in Queens , to replace [FILTERED] , the incumbent , as the candidate for President of the City Council and Mr. [FILTERED] , who lives in Brooklyn , to replace Mr. [FILTERED] as the candidate for Controller . (Filtered Words: 4)
`` Drink , you son of a bitch '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The DA statement is used to name and define the positions and length of fields within an area . (Filtered Words: 0)
We need many more studies of this sort if the design of written languages is to be put on a sound basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why trust [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
For cooling , chilled water is circulated instead of hot water . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the index of refraction of photosensitive surfaces of the SbCs-type lies around 2 , the Fresnel losses at the fiber-photocathode interface are about 0.5 percent and the Af factor for the interstage coupler is 0.95 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A naval blockade would be thoroughly in line with the Monroe Doctrine , would be a relatively simple operation to carry out , and would bring an abrupt end to Soviet penetration of our hemisphere '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shall I go on '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He grabbed her by the shoulders and went down on one knee , taking her weight so that some of the wind was driven out of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mmm '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile I myself was not yet saved . (Filtered Words: 0)
neither has the establishment of the State of Israel fostered harmony between Muslims and Jews . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] needed a job , having been detached from a rather dangerous career in real estate and skyscraper financing by [FILTERED] , and it was up to [FILTERED] to provide him with one . (Filtered Words: 3)
It has happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
rhythm-and-blues mood music ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mixed herd '' meant a herd of mixed sexes , while a `` straight steer herd '' was one composed entirely of steers , and when the cowman spoke of `` mixed cattle '' , he meant cattle of various grades , ages , and sexes . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the next day -- Sunday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who walk on it may encounter at any turn ministers of grace or damnation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything in the final analysis reduced itself to sexual symbolism . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hey '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Transition probabilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] squirmed a little on the divan . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
She was not a girl , he could see . (Filtered Words: 0)
But even while sparring furiously with Republican politicians , he displays a deep and awesome veneration for anyone with cultural attainments . (Filtered Words: 0)
This machine , like its milling counterpart , was the antecedent of a machine-family used to this very day in precision metalworking shops throughout the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or at least appear to reject it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She began to doubt whether there had been in fact a lethal dose of opium in the cup . (Filtered Words: 0)
He unhitched his horse , walked it away , mounted , and spurred it on . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a lot of shooting . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the coffee shop on Drexel Street , where the men spent their evenings and Sundays playing cards , had a rose hedge beneath its window . (Filtered Words: 0)
It also includes providing for the training of nationals to operate projects after they are completed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It includes a raise in the county minimum wage , creation of several new jobs at the executive level , financing of beefed-up industrial development efforts , and increased expenditures for essential services such as health and welfare , fire protection , sanitation and road maintenance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Haney peered doubtfully at his drinking companion through bleary , tear-filled eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
If not , how long to order and what is the price '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
ground together they made a strong adhesive , which became waterproof in drying . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wanted to know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , he was being queer and careful , pawing about in the drawer and holding the bottle like a snake at the length of his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
under me the ground quivered slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter two are half-brothers . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was reading from the Talmud with a group of men from his congregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , after many more billions of years , when all the galaxies are whistling toward a common center , this movement will slow down and reverse itself again . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are leaving so fast that the president of the West German Employers' Federation issued an appeal this week to factory workers in the West to volunteer for six months' front-line work in factories in West Berlin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cabot turned back to the men and he was drunk with the thing they would do , wild to break from the cloying warmth of the saloon into the cold of the ebbing night . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead , they went on down the hall to their room . (Filtered Words: 0)
It even affects the faculty . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Tough '' , [FILTERED] said , `` Listen , we're having a stag dinner over at the Pagan Room on Friday . (Filtered Words: 1)
The children looked at each other and sagged their bottoms down even more comfortably than ever . (Filtered Words: 0)
He never in his life took a hand to a woman or '' (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll switch on the underwater lights . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such additional daytime class 2 , assignments are appropriate if optimum use is to be made of these frequencies , and the Commission has over the years made a large number of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The type of presentation of results used in the deterministic process may be used here , except that now the fourth column is redundant . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Have you spoken to a doctor about it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The man shrank before the hot fury , searching frantically for the answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
There had been signs and portents like the regular toppling over and defacing of the bust of Lauro Di Bosis near the Villa Lante and in the Gianicolo . (Filtered Words: 0)
He lived in an apartment house not over three or four years old , a reclaimed island of landscaped brick and glass on the fringe of the business district . (Filtered Words: 0)
And don't tell me you didn't at church Sunday . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Good luck '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cattle were said to be `` potted '' when `` blizzard choked '' , that is , caught in a corner or a draw , or against a `` drift fence '' durin' a storm . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the present time , the counter-attack takes the line that there's no more of the true spirit of `` integration '' in the North than in the South . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this , I think , holds for values as well as life styles . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had caught him off guard , no preparation , nothing certain but that ahead lay some kind of disaster . (Filtered Words: 0)
Topography and soil (Filtered Words: 0)
They simply turned to God filled with gratitude and faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of the releases , however , are recorded at a gratifyingly high level , with resultant masking of any surface noise . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , of course , you couldn't see too well through the veil '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
My heart was not in it , but , oddly enough , it remains the most financially successful picture of my career . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am not prepared to grant bail to any of them '' , said the magistrate , K.J.P. Baraclough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Observers can see a person engaged in spontaneous behavior , and watch him operating in a totalistic fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
They will have a greater appreciation for the Church and a deeper devotion to it if membership requires something of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is one of the most entertaining and irresponsible novels of the season . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Quite so , my dear . (Filtered Words: 0)
she also went to Washington and appealed to Senator [FILTERED] of Nebraska , the Fighting Liberal , from whose office a sympathetic but cautious harrumphing was heard . (Filtered Words: 1)
When he had given the call a few moments thought , he went into the kitchen to ask Mrs. [FILTERED] to prepare tea and sushi for the visitors , using the formal English china and the silver tea service which had been donated to the mission , then he went outside to inspect the grounds . (Filtered Words: 1)
He claimed to be visiting the waterfront saloon at the crossroads to play cards and drink with his cronies , but [FILTERED] had not smelled brandy on him since Mrs. [FILTERED]'s funeral . (Filtered Words: 2)
This cooling does not change the avocado in any way , it just delays the natural softening of the fruit until a grovelike temperature ( room temperature ) is restored . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Secretary of the Board of War , thought [FILTERED] was so extreme on the subject that he accused him of trying to pick a quarrel . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` No , it isn't '' , Ekstrohm said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The separate vocational or technical high schools in the large cities must be reckoned as permanent institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is also possible to utilize a pressure transducer , mounted at the end of a catheter which is inserted into the heart's left ventricle , to indicate the blood pressure in the heart itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
His face was stiff with anger when they let go of his arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Canada . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he suffered him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or she might place cornstarch in the oven for a short time and then apply this under her breasts . (Filtered Words: 0)
This `` holds '' the local until the express passengers change trains . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 7 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know , Stephen '' , she smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was also , if [FILTERED] was right , a closer acquaintance of Lauren Payne's than she , now , was inclined to admit . (Filtered Words: 1)
The odds thus appear favorable that the secretary's neck may be spared . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tavern , filling station , junk yard , rendering plant , or some other business may go up near enough to hurt your home or to hurt its value . (Filtered Words: 0)
How much and how many profits could a majority take out of the losses of a few ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
bright flowers from the trumpet vine that made `` gloves '' on the ends of ten waggling fingers . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] closed his eyes and saw once again the little niche in his mother's bedroom , where she had knelt to tell the good Virgin of her needs . (Filtered Words: 1)
But why need one reply to everything and everybody ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It cannot become the source of a real Atlantic community if it remains organized to deal only with the military threat which first brought it into being '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Time had no meaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Give each new member a certificate of membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the way out Mr. [FILTERED] detoured up a special hill from which one may obtain a matchless view of the Acropolis lighted by night . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I must then be standing on the line between France and Germany '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] found him froze . (Filtered Words: 1)
All we wanted to do was to stand very quietly and look and look and look . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once he had abandoned himself to the very worst , once he had quieted all the dragons of worry and suspense , there wouldn't be very much for [FILTERED] to do . (Filtered Words: 1)
Two uniformed officers , a couple of plain-clothesmen I knew , and two other men stood on a gray cement area next to the pool on my left . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purchase was effected and they made their way towards the hotel again , the hen , with whom some sort of communication had been set up , nestling in the doctor's arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sparrow-size [FILTERED] , with sparkling blue eyes and a cheerful smile , made a suitably perky Amy , while [FILTERED] , as the real aunt , was positively monumental in the very best [FILTERED] manner . (Filtered Words: 3)
[FILTERED] , Pittsburgh . (Filtered Words: 1)
On December 2 , 1859 , [FILTERED] was hanged at Charles Town , Virginia . (Filtered Words: 1)
She always could sense the shag end of a woolly day . (Filtered Words: 0)
The site (Filtered Words: 0)
It is hard to blame them for this . (Filtered Words: 0)
The present edition of crystal data was written by [FILTERED] , the Johns Hopkins University , Baltimore , Md. ( Part 2 ) ) and [FILTERED] , University of Berne , Switzerland ( Part 1 ) ) with the collaboration of [FILTERED] , U. S. Geological Survey , Washington , D. C. . (Filtered Words: 3)
The altercation in the coffee house had done little to dampen his spirits , but he was still a little wary around Rector for they had not yet discussed the incident . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , for the present , great caution should be exercised in the choice of an experimental animal for pulmonary studies if they are to be applied to man . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Pack your clothes '' , she hissed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dogs were tired . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a whirling jump , it could get into gear . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the half darkness the banisters gleamed , and the hall seemed enormous . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was absurd and dramatic . (Filtered Words: 0)
More generally , suppose that an experiment consists of a number of independent trials , that each trial results in either a `` success '' or a `` non-success '' ( `` failure '' ) , and that the probability of success remains constant from trial to trial . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] hesitated a moment . (Filtered Words: 1)
McNamara is the scholar-businessman . (Filtered Words: 0)
From fourteen states and three foreign countries they come to spend the months from mid-September to June . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because your soul was made to be filled with [FILTERED] , not religious functions `` about '' Him . (Filtered Words: 1)
And then again perhaps the reason why he couldn't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he didn't want to do them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sore muscles were relieved by an arnica rub ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A Dr. [FILTERED] clambered up on the stage and got the actors to hoist him up to the box . (Filtered Words: 1)
A volume market (Filtered Words: 0)
The College also publishes each year The Report Of The Treasurer and a monthly newsletter entitled Carleton College Comments . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , Kayabashi was bringing his associates here for a specific purpose and Rector would not be able to fathom it until they arrived . (Filtered Words: 0)
His desires are so strong that he needs constant reassurance of his mother's love for him and what she expects of him , in order to overcome them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pueri aquam de silvas ad agricolas portant , a delightful vignette set in the unforgettable epoch of pre-Punic War Rome . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , when the film is only four minutes old , Neitzbohr refers to a small , Victorian piano stool as `` Wilhelmina '' , and we are thereupon subjected to a flashback that informs us that this very piano stool was once used by an epileptic governess whose name , of course , was [FILTERED] ( the English equivalent , when passed through middle-Gaelic derivations , of Wilhelmina ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am told that a mortar longer slaked might have remained longer in condition for painting . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they fall by the wayside and fail to achieve Christian stature , it is an indictment of the Church . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of course , there was nothing you could do , but you still ought to be ashamed of yourself for letting it happen '' , [FILTERED] said to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Why , that's what gave me the feeling , gave me as-it-were the spirit , the demoniac , evil spirit of this whole affair . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was an alien land , and she hated it intensely ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Alec glanced into the bathroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' Finally , after almost being beaten to death by a madman -- he could not fight back because madmen are sacred to Islam -- he throws up his mission and returns to Europe . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's a fine granite quarry there , and granite's coming back for public buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
I would like to add one more practical reform to those mentioned by [FILTERED] ( Dec. 16 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Such an understanding , although it must seek to be sympathetic , is not a matter of intuition . (Filtered Words: 0)
From Candlelight Club (Filtered Words: 0)
He has a glorious wife and many children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two other cases also were under advisement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Increasing threats on his life finally convinced [FILTERED] that he should leave New Mexico . (Filtered Words: 1)
For a few innings the Anniston team couldn't figure him out . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was again tingling with pleasure , seeing himself clearly in [FILTERED]'s shoes . (Filtered Words: 1)
The staminate willow catkins , then , provide their visitors with both nectar and pollen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The door swung open , and Jess said sourly , `` What the hell's the matter with you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] asked sadly , when he came in . (Filtered Words: 1)
They charged into the enemy like wild men . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strings keep souls in place (Filtered Words: 0)
It turned out to be a life of [FILTERED] , of all things ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
The `` tip '' of the arrow represents extent of difference between the child's completion age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Emory University's charter and by-laws have never required admission or rejection of students on the basis of race '' , board chairman [FILTERED] stated . (Filtered Words: 1)
After Cuba and Laos , it was argued , Mr. [FILTERED] will interpret the President's consent to the meeting as further evidence of Western weakness -- perhaps even panic -- and is certain to try to exploit the advantage he now believes he holds . (Filtered Words: 1)
Jury , judge and executioner were riding the range in the form of a single unknown figure that could materialize anywhere , at any time , to dispense an ancient brand of justice the men of the new West had believed long outdated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Cunard line has under consideration replacing the Queen Mary with a ship smaller than 75,000 tons . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It does cost a lot of money for most hobbies but there are hobbies that are for free . (Filtered Words: 0)
The distracted [FILTERED] would agree to a settlement through her legal representative , then change her mind and make another attack on [FILTERED] as a person . (Filtered Words: 2)
But it wasn't a violent discussion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The commercial propagandist , who can't afford to be critical , gets along well with the amateur , from whom he feeds , but he frequently steps on the analyst's toes by refusing to keep his material genuine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You thought I was a Mexican , didn't you , buddy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Sodium propionate . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a bold arm , he dared once more to obstruct them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Skorich , who is 39 years old , played football at Cincinnati University and then had a three-year professional career as a lineman under [FILTERED] with the Pittsburgh Steelers . (Filtered Words: 1)
She would not accept the death of such a little child . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh God ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
These lectures formed the nucleus of a general survey of English development which took form afterward as A History Of England . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Grant ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He ran on his plump sticks of legs , freezing now and again into the sudden startled attitudes which the camera had caught and held on the paling photographs , all carefully placed and glued and labeled , resting in the fat plush album in the bottom drawer of the escritoire . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] worries that the Metrecal drinker will never make either the psychological or physiological adjustment to the idea of eating smaller portions of food . (Filtered Words: 1)
A man named [FILTERED] , playwright-director , had expressed a wish that [FILTERED] drop dead . (Filtered Words: 2)
Each plane carried two five-hundred pound bombs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another hoodlum , [FILTERED] , drew $39,000 from [FILTERED]'s janitor firm , the National Maintenance company , in three years ending in 1959 , [FILTERED] disclosed in an interview . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Well , that's the only way to be '' , Mrs. [FILTERED] said , and gave her brassy laugh . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , getting no sympathy for her misfortune , soon rallies and finds that although she has lost a lover she has gained her freedom . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the 12 months ended in February , 1960 , the highway earned enough to cover 64 per cent of its interest load -- with the remainder paid out of initial reserves . (Filtered Words: 0)
the relative effectiveness of voluntary versus mandatory reporting of accident statistics ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the trees , there was a dead redcoat , a young boy with a pasty white skin and a face full of pimples , who had taken a rifle ball directly between the eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , I once used this machine to cure a woman with 97 pounds of cancer in her body '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like this murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
The need for and the way to achieve a Christian home will be stressed in special services marking National Christian Family Week in Miami area churches next week . (Filtered Words: 0)
If it comes down too hard on the potential dangers of fallout , it will box the President on resuming atmospheric tests . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I never felt better in my life '' , [FILTERED] blustered . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] has provided them with extremely effective orchestral accompaniment (Filtered Words: 1)
Linguists have not always been more enlightened than `` practical people '' and sometimes have insisted on incredibly trivial points while neglecting things of much greater significance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The noise stunned her . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a small well in the top in which the fluid or paste to be tested is placed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Flies swarmed around the bowl of lentils in which he mopped thick black bread . (Filtered Words: 0)
Participation loans are those made jointly by the SBA and banks or other private lending institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] spent a long week end closeted with Hamrick . (Filtered Words: 1)
There such soggy acquiesence would be looked upon as a sure sign of deteriorating manhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the official procurer for King Farouk , now in exile . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Would you advise us to act the same way ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And there is no section of the nation more ardent than the South in the cold war against Communism . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fabrics have Scotchgard finish to resist soil and wrinkles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sandman , state campaign chairman for [FILTERED] , was addressing a meeting in the Military Park Hotel , Newark , of Essex County leaders and campaign managers for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was a picked assault company . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yet [FILTERED] has strong , deep roots , and will live for the blessing of generations to come '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
At a third stage in the modernization process are such countries as India , Brazil , the Philippines , and Taiwan , which are ready and committed to move into the stage of self-sustaining growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later on , the children told her further about somersaulting . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the solitude of Camusfearna there had been no loneliness . (Filtered Words: 0)
One said , `` When I get a cold I buy a bottle of whiskey for it , and within a few hours it's gone '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
N.C. has said something important so well that this preacher will many times be tempted to quote the whole piece . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You aren't one of us . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no more `` plot '' than that ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
An average of 50 suicides are reported in America each day ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Example 11 . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
The Indian's arm whipped sidewise -- there was a flash of amber and froth , the crash of the bottle shattering against the side of the first car . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the months in Europe , she returned to Boston and became active in church and community life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tractor production at Massey-Ferguson , Ltd. , of Toronto in July and August rose to 2,418 units from 869 in the like period a year earlier , says [FILTERED] , vice president . (Filtered Words: 1)
It seems that the aerated lagoon was a very heavily loaded oxidation pond or a lightly loaded activated sludge system . (Filtered Words: 0)
She knows the power of the sex urge and how to use it to manipulate her husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nearly level areas are required for parking areas , beaches , camp areas , ballfields , etcetera . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] wheeled him back into his room , the big one looking out on the back porch , and put him to bed , Papa told him he was very tired but that he had enjoyed greatly the trip downtown . (Filtered Words: 1)
Though , to be sure , we gave [FILTERED] no very positive approval in the margin of his preferment . (Filtered Words: 1)
In two minutes the body of [FILTERED]'s former comrade , who had been killed by [FILTERED] in a gambling brawl the previous night , was carried into the town's funeral parlor to be prepared for decent burial . (Filtered Words: 2)
They are chosen by the Foundation's Board of Trustees on the bases of their own first-rate accomplishments in their different fields of scholarship and the arts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The making of distinctions , like the perception of the great distinctions made , is an inordinately difficult business . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty would reply softly and his father , apologetically , would ask him to repeat . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it is trying to do is to protect the little man , too , as well as trying to maintain a flow of fresh meat to all stores , with choice of cut being made by the consumer , not the store . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What am I going to do with her all day ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
particularly the scholarship fund . (Filtered Words: 0)
A copy was released to the press . (Filtered Words: 0)
The problems confuse even the experts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The poll was taken at the Center's annual builders' intentions conference . (Filtered Words: 0)
Being a strictly physiological procedure , one may expect from such a study additional information on the nature of the emotional process itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
So you'll have everything all to yourself , doggone '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Stevie yearned for a dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
my only hope is that it will be shared by many , many others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Weight , 160 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The general , remarkably courteous , explanation has left basic positions unchanged , but there has been no explosion in the council . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ever since all that . (Filtered Words: 0)
It suddenly seemed very important to me that [FILTERED] should know the truth about me -- that I was not the confused , sick , irresponsible person she believed me to be . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dallas may get to hear a debate on horse race parimutuels soon between Reps. [FILTERED] ) Berry and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
And his memory , like an elephant's , stored with precise knowledge of men and things and happenings '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he looked up again , he seemed almost contented . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note that we need not know the value of p , for the experiment to be binomial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Get it out '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was quoted as saying : `` The workings of the woman's mind amaze me '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Precious and I allow each other absolute freedom . (Filtered Words: 0)
They all flew into action . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he isn't with it , not at all with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
As Yinger has pointed out , the `` reliance on symbols , on tradition , on sacred writings , on the cultivation of emotional feelings of identity and harmony with sacred values , turns one to the past far more than to the future '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Telling you '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea , but the solid bulk of the North American continent . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would settle himself into his seat to laugh . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dumont spoke on the merit of having an open primary . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Old Crip wasn't '' , retorted Cobb tartly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was nearing the [FILTERED] house . (Filtered Words: 1)
He daydreamed on the rock while she swam and splashed around . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was also sacred , `` and no believer in an inspired church could tolerate having her canons examined as we should examine human laws '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't bother . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus' inert body would be passive , his eyes closed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The medieval was the most important to Chambers because he sought to place [FILTERED] More , the author of Utopia , in some intelligible relation with St. [FILTERED] More , the martyr . (Filtered Words: 1)
Measure and record . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s nineteenth-century view of law and sovereignty still dominates much of today's legal and political thinking . (Filtered Words: 1)
Is the writer propagandistic ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you not think these men might choose the black flag here and now '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This illusion was described in a far-sighted editorial in The New York Herald Tribune , on March 5 , 1947 , in connection with the submission of the satellite peace treaties to the Senate . (Filtered Words: 0)
A light , porous mulch applied now keeps the roots cool and the soil soft during these early days of growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The campaign leading to the election was not so quiet , however . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not satisfied with various unofficial checks on the liveliness of baseballs currently in use , the major leagues have ordered their own tests , which are in progress at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drew a long breath and opened the trunk and hung out her clothes and spoilables upon the wagon ribs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The city sewer maintenance division said efforts will be made Sunday to clear a stoppage in a sewer connection at Eddy and Elm Streets responsible for dumping raw sewage into the Providence River . (Filtered Words: 0)
One was demonstrably false ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Animals consuming 20 pounds feed daily receive 2 grams Dynafac ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey could hear the crowd coming up rapidly behind him and the questioning voices coming over his shoulder had no identity or importance to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
This carryover right has a number of things in common with a net operating loss carryover . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] looked remote yet lovely in black , and everyone held his or her breath . (Filtered Words: 1)
Passing it , the bus climbed a hill , with the covered spice bazaar on the right and Pandelli's , a famous and excellent restaurant , above it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though there is obviously nothing new about these techniques , they do challenge the worker's skill to articulate them precisely on the spot and on the basis of quick and accurate diagnostic assessments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Displaying his knowledge of music , the New England-born President remarked that `` probably the best chamber music in the world is played in Vermont , by young Americans -- and here in this school where they have produced extraordinary musicians and teachers , and their work is being duplicated all across the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
The presidents of Cornell , Wisconsin , C.C.N.Y. , Bowdoin , Vermont , Brown , Columbia , [FILTERED] , Yale , and Harvard and the presidents emeritus of Harvard and Michigan were there . (Filtered Words: 1)
Foreign policy in its total context (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather it is rooted in a difference of response to the threat of social disintegration . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fashion show , by [FILTERED] will have Mrs. [FILTERED] as commentator . (Filtered Words: 2)
Spread your vacation period over the widest possible span of time or shut the plant down for two weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were married over the week-end , though he was easily sixty and she could not have been even thirty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Continuation of present blister rust control work plus extension of control to 250,000 acres not now protected but which should be managed for white pine production . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw it all at a glance . (Filtered Words: 0)
to another , it seems that nobody but his father ever used the phrase , `` Atta boy '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't figure her at all , and if he found out a woman it'd be bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
As we know , the Soviet peasant today still very largely thrives on being able to sell the produce grown on his private plot ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nobody's giving anything up '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
When [FILTERED] was alive -- and he remembered the pressure of her hand resting lightly on his arm -- she had been the center of his life . (Filtered Words: 1)
the bad late poems are bad Hardy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fashion show , by [FILTERED] will have Mrs. [FILTERED] as commentator . (Filtered Words: 2)
These early experiments were evidently not altogether satisfying to Patchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
The funds recouped by reductions in item 12 above are used : first , to increase the unadjusted allotments to the specified minimum in those States where the unadjusted allotment is less than the minimum allotment ( item 13 above ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The AAA then splits it down this way : $10.50 for meals , $9.50 for lodging , $7 for gas and oil , and $2 for tips and miscellaneous . (Filtered Words: 0)
an amusing character pas de cinq called `` Gossiping Women '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( D ) (Filtered Words: 0)
What is beyond this fog ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If you do use a cold frame be sure that its ventilation is adequate . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Af , then Af is divisible by Af and so Af , i.e. , Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a business man I have to use the telephone constantly , from three to four hours a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many other vehicles with smaller sensitive-area exposure-time products contribute some information . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was plenty scared . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are (Filtered Words: 0)
The gift is being presented by `` heirs and descendants of the [FILTERED] family of New Jersey , whose famous estate , `` Tranquility '' , was located near the [FILTERED] Phyfe workshop at Andover , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` They are also honest seekers after truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such tactics reek of totalitarianism ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Though there is obviously great need for continued experimentation with various types of short-term intervention to further efforts in developing an operational definition of prevention at the secondary -- or perhaps , in some instances , primary -- level , the place of short-term intervention has already been documented by a number of investigators in a wide variety of settings . (Filtered Words: 0)
In contrast , a metal coupon Af in size would have a magnitude from 100,000 to a million less . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's going to take time for investors to learn how many of the toll-road bonds will pay out in full . (Filtered Words: 0)
In trying to hit it out with a sand wedge [FILTERED] bounced the ball over the green , past spectators and down the slope toward a TV tower . (Filtered Words: 1)
When they reached the school , a gang of boys and girls were already there playing `` crack the whip '' in front of the schoolhouse . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is little doubt that the warning system saved lives and reduced the damage . (Filtered Words: 0)
We say that N is nilpotent if there is some positive integer R such that Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
whom shall I fear ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was staying at a convent , and her mother felt that , as Thompson himself seems to have suggested , she might eventually stay there . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then , as their grokking made them ever closer and [FILTERED] felt himself almost ready to discorporate her voice called him back : `` Oh ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Finally she had come down ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
So did hostages [FILTERED] , Cleveland , and Mullen . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] felt a wave of complete elation , but in a second it had vanished without a trace . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was just quarter of nine . (Filtered Words: 0)
You should have a couple of training partners to stand by when you make your first experiments just for safety . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said what she meant and let it be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , the bridal pair has many adjustments to make to their new situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The vases which resulted had different shapes , far more complex decoration , and a larger sense of style . (Filtered Words: 0)
next for Cuba : an arms blockade ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The response from London , Paris and Bonn was favorable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The company which performed the Pulitzer Prize musical here last night and will repeat it twice today is full of bounce , the politicians are in fine voice , the chorines evoke happy memories , and the Little Flower rides to break a lance again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost too smoothly , I found myself thinking , and then told myself that was ridiculous . (Filtered Words: 0)
To sew in sleeves : (Filtered Words: 0)
A quarter inch this way or that for the hardbake , or the toffee , or the barley sugar , or the sardines , or the bitters , or the condensed milk , or the stationery , or the needles -- what could it mean ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The religious quest is often intense and deep , and there are students on every campus who are seriously wrestling with the most profound questions of meaning and value . (Filtered Words: 0)
What can be done for the `` individual contributor '' who is extremely important -- and likely to be more so -- in the operation of the technically oriented company ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor would he work at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Black called fearfully . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED]'s invitation to the Spanish-born master said , `` We feel your performance as one of the world's greatest artists would lend distinction to the entertainment of our guests '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It also includes providing for the training of nationals to operate projects after they are completed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` Poems of 1912 - 13 '' offer a good example of Hardy's style as it was manifested in the later productive decade . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is hard for me to know how I feel about Lauro Di Bosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some , she knew , looked upon [FILTERED] almost as a saint , but others read in `` The Hound Of Heaven '' what they took to be the confessions of a great sinner , who , like [FILTERED] , had -- as one pious writer later put it -- thrown himself `` on the swelling wave of every passion '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
The year will probably start out with segregation still the most troublesome issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reasons for this dive seemed foolish now . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lesson had been learned . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hated you when I first came in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cady snapped the Venetian blind shut and slammed himself down before the typewriter , rolled in a fresh sheet , and gave his letter the same savage attention he bestowed on a salesman who needed to have the bucket taken off his thick head . (Filtered Words: 0)
And if he is so scornful of the rights of states , why not advocate a different sort of constitution that he could more sincerely support ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Radiation , therefore , is at an initial cost disadvantage even though only 1 to 10 per cent as much radiation energy as heat energy is required for radiopasteurization or radiosterilization . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Killpath smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ever yours sincerely , (Filtered Words: 0)
But Bonner departed , still full of ill will . (Filtered Words: 0)
We did that . (Filtered Words: 0)
I myself hear it said constantly -- in drawing-rooms . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay , what happened '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
So he wound up with a dozen . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1954 I was drafted and after serving two years honorably on Active Duty I was not required to participate in any further Army Reserve activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the sides are also covered up to the spray rails , they are also rough-sanded in that area . (Filtered Words: 0)
investigation of respiratory diseases of laboratory animals ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Limited interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
They simply turned to God filled with gratitude and faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't see ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The sound of his head striking the solid wood was an ultimate , sudden-end sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Australian asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
It met these problems by the creation of the state automobile maintenance unit ( more popularly called the motor pool ) , a centralized operation for the maintenance and control of all state transportation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather the principle should be akin to that of the allowance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blood in the bathtub where the murderer appears to have washed his hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood flat-footed in the box , but not very close to the plate now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three lists of companies were made and used in the study . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not so long ago many builders were finding they could cut their costs by `` buying direct '' and short-cutting the dealer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The past usefulness of the anti-trust laws to management was explained by [FILTERED] , in The Folklore of Capitalism , back in 1937 . (Filtered Words: 1)
the pervasive influence of ideology on our political judgments needs to be recognized and taken into due account ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's something here '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus we enter 1961 in a strong financial position . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Take care of yourself then '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It gave them all a chance to make a high-speed climbing turn attack and a break-away that would not take them into the overcast or force a tight-turn recovery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who backed a similar plan last year hailed the message . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What luck , Cobb '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Each stage transforms the state Af of its feed to the state Af in a way that depends on the operating variables Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Try to find these Feds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey watched him coming with a vision as clean as the glare on the metal sides of the trailer . (Filtered Words: 0)
This understanding , of course , may in its turn take many forms and some of these -- especially those most interesting to the student of comparative literature -- are essentially historical . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did anything happen during the night '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The aging chancellor in all likelihood will be retired . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Line ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But then , redheads are often pale . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this was Gladdy's mother ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyway , a number of them meet here in devastating collisions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked in her direction but he didn't answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The virus antigen was concentrated in the pseudophloem tissue . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood , panting , for a moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
This condition affects not only the conception but also the legislative and financial support of foreign policy , especially in the context of economic aid . (Filtered Words: 0)
The field , then , is ripe for new Southerners to step to the fore and write of this twentieth-century phenomenon , the Southern Yankeefication : the new urban economy , the city-dweller , the pains of transition , the labor problems ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the intent of the law that their actions be taken openly and that their deliberations be conducted openly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The answer came from the open door of the boxcar . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] tried to dissuade him . (Filtered Words: 1)
They can hardly restrain themselves from raising the question of whether Republicans , if they had been in power , would have made `` amateurish and monumental blunders '' in Cuba . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the Traditionalists , it was a brilliant satire on modernism ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe '' , [FILTERED] said idly , watching for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Everyone who believes that Jesus is the Christ is born of God . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a purring voice and poker player's immobility of features which somehow conveyed the feeling that he knew where all the bodies were buried . (Filtered Words: 0)
one here and one that's out quite a ways where there's usually curb parking '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great column from which the square takes its name was erected by the Emperor Marcus Aurelius . (Filtered Words: 0)
He crossed Broome Street to Orange Square . (Filtered Words: 0)
The coffee wasn't very hot though , made in a filter pot , but it was good . (Filtered Words: 0)
She would rather live in danger than die of loneliness and boredom . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was just [FILTERED]'s way of saying that last year the Birds opened spring training with a lot of jobs wide open . (Filtered Words: 1)
Chicago , Aug. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
Something so incredible -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Sheep fattening rations (Filtered Words: 0)
Howard ( the thick middle-aged man ) was looking at her . (Filtered Words: 0)
This document began : `` No. 1 Newbury Port , may 30th , 1791 (Filtered Words: 0)
Last week , in the German city of Dusseldorf , [FILTERED] was making headlines that could well give Pittsburgh pause . (Filtered Words: 1)
Direct loans are those made by SBA alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` See that guy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
At least five years ago , [FILTERED] of Marlin made up an over/under double rifle for me in this caliber , using the now defunct Model 90 action in 20-gauge size . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why , I can get them knocked off for half that much '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Already a few hardy folk from their own train were zealously chipping away at the register rocks , leaving their own records along with those made by the earlier trains . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meantime , however , this same General [FILTERED] seemed to be serving chivalry as well as the American army . (Filtered Words: 1)
The rangy , Albany ( Cal. ) native , a surprise slugging sensation for the Flock last year as well as a defensive whiz , set `` improved fielding '' as his 1961 goal . (Filtered Words: 0)
No airplanes , no [FILTERED] statements . (Filtered Words: 1)
improvise cha-chas on the harp ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The typical picture at this time is one of steady improvement . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tended the new colts [FILTERED] had sired . (Filtered Words: 1)
Have you ever seen anything like it around here '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] knows the way . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'll call you in a day or so '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why pick me for your patsy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
On $1.1 billion of 90-day bills , the average yield was 2.325% . (Filtered Words: 0)
The justification in Christian conscience of the use of any mode of resistance also lays down its limitation -- in the distinction between the persons against whom pressure is primarily directed , those upon whom it may be permitted also to fall , and those who may never be directly repressed for the sake even of achieving some great good . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is in line for a big raise . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is nothing remarkable about this at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drop both hands to the floor and at the same time kick the right foot up in back . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the gate he slowed , looking around . (Filtered Words: 0)
For it seems that Barco , fancying himself a ladies' man ( and why not , after seven marriages ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , I know , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Naw , we'll use mine '' , Moore said , opening the door of a sleek white Jaguar roadster . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sailing in the spring of 1610 was [FILTERED]'s fourth in four years . (Filtered Words: 1)
she was terribly alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
His losses included his money bag , containing $40 to $50 and his $214 paycheck . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sir -- I read of a man who felt he should not build a fallout shelter in his home because it would be selfish for him to sit secure while his neighbors had no shelters . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was courteous and casual about it , as though it were of no consequence . (Filtered Words: 0)
These personal and social goals often overshadow the goals of intellectual clarity , and spiritual transcendence . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the use of various weights , data for a force-rate of shear graph can be obtained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grudges simply do not keep that well in a sane mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , here again , comparative benchmarks are lacking , and we do not know , in any case , what measure of profoundity and intensity to expect from healthy , young , secure and relatively inexperienced persons ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Double threat : (Filtered Words: 0)
If you don't think much of them , tell me the wholesome truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had grown up with young [FILTERED] , and he had heard that they had been at the point of getting married at least twice . (Filtered Words: 1)
Acting only as interpreter [FILTERED] , her hands folded on her lap , was utterly impersonal . (Filtered Words: 1)
Colossians 27 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] '' , [FILTERED] replied as he left , `` if you ever get a telegram from me asking you to do anything , you can put the telegram down as a forgery '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
There was a ragged volley . (Filtered Words: 0)
They must in their planning be able to count on at least tentative commitments of foreign capital assistance over periods of several years . (Filtered Words: 0)
This area is highly susceptible to infection . (Filtered Words: 0)
The continuing modernization of these forces is a costly but necessary process . (Filtered Words: 0)
Man's life , originally shaped for immortality and for communion with God , must now be conformed to the shape of death . (Filtered Words: 0)
When her hand touched his , fire went through [FILTERED] and he felt weak , but he managed somehow to get her on her feet . (Filtered Words: 1)
Assuredly in our political campaigns there is freedom to think , to examine any and all issues , and to speak without restraint . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was something about her -- and I felt my lips forming a name . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our faculty and students pressed this issue more than any other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , whose work has been discussed in this chapter , was quoted in a New Yorker Magazine profile as saying : `` Of course , you have to remember it's a good thing for us chartists that there aren't more of us . (Filtered Words: 1)
We have the technology today with which to build aircraft shelters which could withstand at least 200 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proper evidence of the liquidation and succession must also be filed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inside , as soon as Mr. [FILTERED] had disclosed -- in a hoarse whisper -- the detective's errand , his family gathered in a huddle , forming a mass of dark flesh on and around a brocaded sofa which stood at one side of a baroque fireplace . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What's the matter '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In any event it is a form of borrowing which could be and should be rendered unnecessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ordinary politeness may have militated against this opinion being stated so badly but anyone with a wide acquaintance in both groups and who has sat through the many round tables , workshops or panel discussions -- whatever they are called -- on this subject will recognize that the final , boiled down crux of the matter is education . (Filtered Words: 0)
It appeals to those who were frustrated in the outcome of the Hungarian situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jazz Three open program (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the following pages , each of the major commercial foamed plastics is described in detail , as to properties , applications , and methods of processing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of these chewing troubles , a child may avoid certain foods he needs for adequate nutrition . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know you when you start talking about brains and talent '' , Maggie said . (Filtered Words: 0)
From its inception in 1920 with the passage of Public Law 236 , 66th Congress , the purpose of the vocational rehabilitation program has been to assist the States , by means of grants-in-aid , to return disabled men and women to productive , gainful employment . (Filtered Words: 0)
It brought men out of bed and sent them into hurried conferences . (Filtered Words: 0)
At 7:30 a.m. , more than three hours after landing , the Beardens gave an ultimatum : (Filtered Words: 0)
And again , `` how can you write when you haven't yet read ' Bartleby The Scrivener ' '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They were to conciliate the unfriendly savages , and , wherever possible , to incite the natives to pillage the traders from Carolina . (Filtered Words: 0)
They can have as much tactile appeal as flesh and bone '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
we accord it its place there , and in [FILTERED]'s treatment we are given the innocent fantasy of a child , in fact , the form in which oedipal love is expressed in childhood . (Filtered Words: 1)
If you are not well acquainted with the area in which you wish to locate , or if you are not sure that you and your family will like and make a success of farming , usually you would do better to rent a place for a year or two before you buy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is like medical schools in India where , in that fairy-land of religious inhibition , the dissection of dead bodies is frowned upon . (Filtered Words: 0)
That development , in turn , formed the foundation of still more significant expansions in later years -- in gear cutting , in circular graduating , in index drilling , and in many other fields where accuracy was a paramount requirement . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of late years , I find that I like best to work out-of-doors . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That is undoubtedly a hell of a quote '' , said the writer , scratching his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ran the change rooms . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , he had less reason to desire it than the marine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among this latter group there were also differences in the amount and kind of information necessary before a shift in reaction occurred . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It depends on the widow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The impression was unmistakable that , whatever one may choose to call it , natural law is a functioning generality with a certain objective existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Detente urged (Filtered Words: 0)
At once the whole band set off at a lope . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Think you can walk to the table '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Its early morning patrons were coachmen , who fortified themselves for the day with that delicacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Zinc cadmium sulfide in particles of 2 microns in size were disseminated . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shouted to the pitcher . (Filtered Words: 0)
When different colors are used , she is just as likely to color trees purple , hair green , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matsuo had faked death and was pitched on a stack of corpses , both the burned and the unburned , the latter decomposing rapidly under the tropical sun . (Filtered Words: 0)
His charges would be added to the cost of materials . (Filtered Words: 0)
The district officials , along with their other duties , were obliged to organize special demographic inquiries in selected areas and to supervise the annual tabulations of demographic statistics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inherently incapable of cooperating with others , he ran his own show regardless of how many party-line Democratic toes he stepped on . (Filtered Words: 0)
My reply is that I associate myself with all those who affirm that [FILTERED] relations should contribute to the theory and practice of human dignity . (Filtered Words: 1)
Denials were of motions of dismissal , continuance , mistrial , separate trial , acquittal , striking of testimony and directed verdict . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reaction rates observed at 200-degrees ranged from Af of the chlorine exchanged per hour to 0.7 exchanged per hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you spending too much money on team uniforms that benefit only a few employees ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Frequently , wittingly or unwittingly , price-consciousness has been fostered by manufacturers , distributors , and dealers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's your headache . (Filtered Words: 0)
) The curve of faded terra-cotta-colored houses in front of the church seems like a stage set . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even for those who have been observing the political scene a long time , no script from the past is worth very much in gazing into the state's immediate political future . (Filtered Words: 0)
One was an article on the U.N. by [FILTERED] from the Cincinnati Enquirer . (Filtered Words: 1)
In a mere half-century the South has more than tripled its urban status . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing in all the preceding years had had the power to bring me closer to a knowledge of profound sorrow than the breakup of camp , the packing away of my camp uniforms , the severing of ties with the six or ten people I had grown most to love in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
the two youngest in our family always had to be brought in and put through tricks for his entertainment . (Filtered Words: 0)
He mused . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had come to learn that a reputation for peculiarity allowed mere field officers a certain leeway at Court ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You do that '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
The problem is to disentangle the linguistic features of pitch from the co-occurring nonlinguistic features . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What boat '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the funniest man . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sets him forth as being typical of the group . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's quite possible there's more than codfish down there , man '' , Poet replied with a short , nervous laugh as he held the harness for Elaine . (Filtered Words: 0)
They can be exuberant or sentimental , flirtatious or funny , but the only thing they seem unable to be is dull . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such delicate beauty , such fine flesh . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] used the planetary transmission in his Model T and earlier cars and , in 1905 , as a precautionary measure , took out a license from the man who claimed to be its inventor . (Filtered Words: 1)
The degree of saturation depends on the number of hydrogen atoms on the fat molecule . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Injun's name for beef was `` wohaw '' , and many of the old frontiersmen adopted it from their association with the Injun on the trails . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he needs money to buy something like , say , the Rolls-Royce he keeps near his vegetable patch , he takes a flyer in the sale of surplus army supplies . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he had had a son , he would tell him , `` Gather ye rosebuds while ye may This same flower that smiles today tomorrow will be dying '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The restaurant to which the [FILTERED] took us on this night of controversy was the Asteria , on Asteria beach . (Filtered Words: 1)
Paint continuous lane stripes and install overhead directional lights as on our bridges . (Filtered Words: 0)
During one recent day of driving about Los Angeles there were actually a dozen occasions when oncoming drivers stopped an entire lane of traffic to permit me to pull out of an impossible side street . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said it was a `` wrongful act '' for [FILTERED] to take statements `` privately and outside of the grand jury room '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Irene suits rate high because they are designed for her long-bodied silhouette . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The important thing from now on '' , he said , `` is not to mourn the past but to seize the future opportunity to prevent the loss in northern Viet Nam from leading to the extension of Communism throughout Southeast Asia '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was a tireless instigator who never let his victims rest . (Filtered Words: 1)
His academic duties had little evident effect on his prolific pen . (Filtered Words: 0)
The violinist , in particular , is very indulgent with swoops and slides , and his tone is pinched and edgy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The response from London , Paris and Bonn was favorable . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least five years ago , [FILTERED] of Marlin made up an over/under double rifle for me in this caliber , using the now defunct Model 90 action in 20-gauge size . (Filtered Words: 1)
Various of the apartments are of the terrace type , being on the ground floor so that entrance is direct . (Filtered Words: 0)
A conscientious girl became the secretary of a doctor . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who are you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
So you yourself must seek these objective data , and come to your own conclusions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Angry because I was that very one somebody was supposed To be fighting for '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experience of this time diffusion ranges from a sense of utter apathy to a feeling of desperate urgency to act immediately . (Filtered Words: 0)
the need to protect the public interest in situations of prolonged labor-management stalemate ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Laudably enough , it is offering classics and off-beat imports , but last week only one U.S. original was on the boards , [FILTERED] stunning Civil War work , Borak . (Filtered Words: 1)
All of which makes it more imperative than ever that the biological and genetic effects of fallout be understood . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I sure can't complain about the service in this place '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
for this division is but an abstract representation of the social struggle between mysticism and science . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was rollickingly happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the volume standpoint , the total market represented by the sign industry is impressive . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] commenced his remarks by an allusion to the general feeling of opposition which the meeting had encountered from many of the citizens and all the newspapers of the city . (Filtered Words: 1)
The paper has a certain value as a comparatively easy introduction to this approach , particularly since it treats a fairly simple and straightforward phenomenon where it is possible to compare it with a more traditional ( though not structural ) statement . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Quit ragging him , [FILTERED] '' , [FILTERED] protested . (Filtered Words: 2)
Rather , they are impressed with the British Government's success in forcing -- and helping -- the British textile industry to shrink and to change over to other products . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sat in his office yesterday and recalled that historic flight in 1944 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was that something , some echo in the way she spoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
The promotion of [FILTERED] to the position of Assistant Manager of the Interference Control Field Service Department was announced early in December by [FILTERED] , Manager of Interference Control Field Service . (Filtered Words: 2)
Any person who makes application for any such payment shall be held to have consented to all the provisions of this Title . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's got this idea about drying out '' (Filtered Words: 0)
They are assisted and advised by members of the Art Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fumes of progress are in his nose and the bright steel of industry towers before his eyes , but his heart is away in Yoknapatawpha County with razorback hogs and night riders . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is to say that this was not a course in wise buying or money spending methods , nor a course in how to raise children . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Badura-Skoda-Vienna Konzerthaus ( Westminster ) and [FILTERED] ( Deutsche Grammophon ) are both warm-toned , pleasantly lyrical , but rather slack and tensionless . (Filtered Words: 1)
Competitors came to receive higher percentage of General Motors business in later years , but it is `` likely '' that this trend stemmed `` at least in part '' from the needs of General Motors outstripping Du Pont's capacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
An important operation in soliciting industrial locations involves what we term `` Missionary calls '' by one of this Division's industrial promotion specialists . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) The conjugates as well as the intermediate sera were absorbed for 30 minutes with 20 - 50 mg of proteins extracted from healthy sweet clover stems . (Filtered Words: 0)
The odds favor a special session , more than likely early in the year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again among those jubilantly reunited bunkmates , I was shy with [FILTERED] and acted as I had during those early Saturday mornings when we all seemed to be playing for effect , to be detached and unconcerned with the girls who were properly our dates but about whom , later , in the privacy of our bunks , we would think in terms of the most elaborate romance . (Filtered Words: 1)
, fourth in the league , to (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no desire to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department of Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will , to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements , be available to advance the purposes of this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today's earthquakes are most numerous in belts where the earth's restlessness is presently concentrated , but scars of the past show that there is no part of the earth that has not had them . (Filtered Words: 0)
at the peaks of the nuclear test and the Berlin cycles ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I volunteer '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Others assisting (Filtered Words: 0)
At last Gabriel spoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
There will come a time in a basement shelter when the radiation has decayed enough to allow use of the whole basement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The development and testing of new apparatus to measure other properties is nearing completion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the sales gains these two dealers are experiencing are above average for their business , farm equipment sales are climbing in most rural areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
The discarded papers inside were sodden , there was a glint of liquid at the bottom , and the smell of whisky was strong and distinct . (Filtered Words: 0)
( The new nature , received at the time of regeneration , is divine and holy , and as the believer lives under the power of this new nature he does not practice sin . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made a show of rearranging my forms on the shelf . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pro-Western government , which the United States had helped in a revolt against the Souvanna Phouma `` neutralist '' government , never did appear to spark much fighting spirit in the Royal Lao Army . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The recommended level for sheep is 2 milligrams daily , and this level should be maintained . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can get into an argument about fallout shelters at the drop of a beer stein in clubs and pubs these nights . (Filtered Words: 0)
Approximately 100 representatives of business attended this conclave and the R. I. Export Conference Committee later voted to continue the activity as an annual event . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two men were on duty inside , playing pinochle , relaxed . (Filtered Words: 0)
And even hearing it in a concert hall surrounded by hundreds of people the words and the melody would make me a little colder and I would reach out for my husband's hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moon-faced Ludwig Erhart , the economic expert , probably will ascend to the leadership long denied him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The significance of the pickup in farm machinery sales extends beyond the farm equipment industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oliver has recently used the second-level approach with the largest snakes , and has come to these conclusions : the anaconda reaches a length of at least 37 feet , the reticulate python 33 , the African rock python 25 , the amethystine python at least 22 , the Indian python 20 , and the boa constrictor 18-1/2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pohl received the verdict without visible emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Guidance in Christian social concerns . (Filtered Words: 0)
As early as 1776 , [FILTERED] wrote in The Wealth Of Nations : `` We have no acts of Parliament against combining to lower the price of work ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] relented , he did not order his men to apply the torch -- the drove of livestock was driven up the valley , via Beverly , and across the mountains to feed and serve the Confederate army , while [FILTERED] and his raiders turned toward Buckhannon to join forces with Imboden . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` All right '' , Wilson said quickly . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had been seen as soon as they left the ranch , picked out of the darkness by the weary though watchful eyes of two men posted a few hundred yards away in the windless shelter of the trees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
I grimaced in distaste . (Filtered Words: 0)
The approach to the depiction of the experience of creation may be analytic , as it is for Miss [FILTERED] , or spontaneous , as it is for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Then we drove on , until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields , bouncing across their squat earth walls . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` [FILTERED] square as an expression of centrality (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] had caught up with the outfit shortly after the [FILTERED] joined it , which had been at midday . (Filtered Words: 2)
On the other hand , out-of-sight does not lead to out-of-mind when children cannot be easily observed and you have to make a long trek to reach the pool . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
he had found his style quite early in his career and he thought it quite wonderful that the world admired it , and he could not imagine why he should alter it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Duffy Dares ( Meadow Gene-Princess Mite ) 2:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
By the time the film was released we were three million dollars over-spent , war was imminent and the public apparently had forgotten all about Mother Cabrini . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet a crowd came out to see some fresh kids from the city try to match the boys from the neighboring farms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The process stipulates that the choreographer sense the quality of the initial movement he has discovered and that he feel the rightness of the quality that is to follow it . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most desirable features for a park are beautiful views or scenery . (Filtered Words: 0)
During a sojourn of slightly more than three months Chamberlain Littlepage could see action on both elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Poynting-Robertson effect ( Robertson , 1937 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( SR , Feb. 11 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the living room , [FILTERED] was standing by the window with a sheaf of lists in her hand . (Filtered Words: 1)
I managed to do this by the time the great A.B. returned to the place where he last had seen the fierce nihilist . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was blonde , and young , and nice and round in a tight white dress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
The advantages inherent in mine warfare justify as great an importance for this element as is accorded any of the other elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
There his vote , along with those of Chairman [FILTERED] , the courtly Virginia judge , and the four Republican members , could and often did produce a 6-6 deadlock that blocked far-out , Democratic-sponsored welfare legislation ( a tactic often acceptable to the Rayburn-Johnson congressional leadership to avoid embarrassing votes ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
They had their first real fight , and Bobbie went off to get drunk . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the coating becomes thicker , the cutting may abruptly change to a cracking type of failure . (Filtered Words: 0)
they passed behind him and got to Alex's room unnoticed . (Filtered Words: 0)
This covered , wooden bridge is so closely identified with the first action in the early morning of June 3 , 1861 , and with subsequent troop movements of both armies in the Philippi area that it has become a part and parcel of the war story . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' Partisan has failed , Krim says , for being `` snob-clannish , overcerebral , [FILTERED] , aristocratically alienated '' from the U.S. . (Filtered Words: 1)
She opened his reply with trembling fingers he agreed ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In short , get this governmental monstrosity off our backs and we won't have to worry about European competition or Communism either . (Filtered Words: 0)
It recalls those words of another psalm : `` God is our refuge and strength , a very present help in trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
We think differently . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently [FILTERED] caught the crowd when its parties had begun to pall . (Filtered Words: 1)
And if you get sick , ask the teacher to let you come home early . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Communists are adept at utilizing hostilities short of general war and will do so whenever it is to their advantage . (Filtered Words: 0)
While neighbor women assumed some of the dead mother's duties , fund-raising events were being planned by a homeowners association and a student council for the hard-hit [FILTERED] family , 34220 Viceroy . (Filtered Words: 1)
He went to a closet to get a light jacket , and took his hat from beside the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
No margin for error (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Last year ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Other pairs of phonologic subsystems also interact or overlap in this way ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , check for leaks in your hoses and hose connections , around the freeze-out plugs , gaskets , water pump seals and heater fittings . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] remembers that , before unpacking his bag , he telephoned his bootlegger with a generous order , and almost at once `` the familiar procession of people began milling through our living room at any hour between two P.M. and three A.M. '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the Delaware River , three long islands were overgrown with greening trees and underbrush . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even he does not know the one signal for a nuclear strike -- the `` go code '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Price competition is lacking . (Filtered Words: 0)
We may further grant to those of her ( Poetry's ) defenders who are lovers of poetry and yet not poets , the permission to speak in prose on her behalf : let them show not only that she is pleasant but also useful to States and to human life , and we will listen in a kindly spirit ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Parkway courtesy (Filtered Words: 0)
They adopted a program by which Louisiana was divided into five districts . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the hall , after adjournment , Dr. [FILTERED] took him warmly by the hand and requested Parker to visit him -- whereupon our burly [FILTERED] again burst into tears . (Filtered Words: 2)
Efficiency of fiber couplers (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] couldn't remember his saying any such thing . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the unseen , ghostlike rifleman aimed a little higher the third time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What does he want , a spoon '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
At the very first , then , [FILTERED] was required , by the classically pyramidal shape of his central group , to fill in the triangular space above the seated girl on [FILTERED]'s right , before starting on the allegorical figures themselves . (Filtered Words: 2)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stains , which include the wide variety of nonparticulate materials which give color even when present in very low concentration on the soiled object . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
however , several pertinent considerations deserve recognition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deputy coroner says it looks like he sucked in a big pile of those thick suds and strangled on 'em . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 1920 presidential election they had that right and many of them did vote for the first time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The twenty-three ( or twenty-two with the Paynes themselves omitted ) provided merely a place to start , and their identification was the barest of starts . (Filtered Words: 0)
I came to Warsaw twice , but there was that damned ghetto wall '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Congressmen returning from recess say the people admire President [FILTERED] so much , they're even willing to heed his call to sacrifice -- and give up his program . (Filtered Words: 1)
Electron microscopic examination of the Af sample showed it to be composed of nearly isotropic particles about 0.3M in diameter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quite a few laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get out of here . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the onion decayed , so did the wart . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tonight Atlantic Monthly editor [FILTERED] moderates a round table of four Russian writers in a discussion of Soviet literature . (Filtered Words: 1)
His first shot in the Open last year landed in a brook that flowed along the right side of the fairway . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outside 4-inch space is filled by mortaring blocks on edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Uncle Sam '' was , indeed , a rich uncle to Prokofieff , in those opulent , post-war victory years of peace and prosperity , bold speculations and extravaganzas , enjoyment and pleasure : `` The Golden Twenties '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The contract violations mostly involve failure to perform rehabilitation work on expansion joints along the El track . (Filtered Words: 0)
Very simple '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The big man seldom gave out with such thoughts . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' He wrote . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whereas the maintenance rotary fund had in the past sustained losses considerably beyond expectations , the introduction of the cost-billing system plus other control refinements has resulted in keeping the fund on a proper working basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , get your pa and get that whisky '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
out of the question was the neutralization of Asia and Africa . (Filtered Words: 0)
he wanted to explain his new grokking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plunking themselves down on the front bench , they turned to smirk at those around them . (Filtered Words: 0)
His heart beat faster . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the school was indeed bereft . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There the objective sat , brooding over all . (Filtered Words: 0)
A voice called , and what made it even more terrible and unreal was that the redcoat ranks never paused for an instant , only some of them glancing toward the stone wall , from behind which the voice came . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also the clerk appeared to disapprove of my frequent curious glances back over my shoulder . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was just short of arm's reach when he stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result , coupled with the salesmanship for which American industry is famous , is considerable expenditure of funds and efforts in marginal areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought how this dainty , fragile older woman threading her way through the streets of Westminster on a day in June , enjoying the flowers in the shops , the greetings from old friends , but never really drawing a deep , passionate breath , was so like himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The parish lives for itself rather than for the community or the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gen. Swing has received public attention before this for abuse of some of the prerogatives of his office . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nation-state , then , exemplifies the principle of nationalism and exercises sovereignty : supreme power over domestic affairs and independence from outside control . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Grafin , who was charmed by her , told her , `` Your sister who was here two years ago has quite dark hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Suppose you let me explain . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had better be good . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bands were impatient , but they were the only ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Follow Secretary [FILTERED] through the Fiat plant , and you learn this : (Filtered Words: 1)
Twenty years before a group of Easterners had bought out the [FILTERED] claims in the rocky hills south of Grass Valley . (Filtered Words: 1)
From the enlisted men he pistol-whipped to the subordinate officer whose wife he tried to rape , a lot of men had plenty of reason heartily to dislike [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Early that day Matsuo saw a marine . (Filtered Words: 0)
a son , [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Once the figure was 30-30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then I return to the United States for engagements at the Hollywood Bowl and in Philadelphia '' , he added . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You could come down to the office once a day , look over a few exchanges , dictate an editorial , and then have the remainder of your time for your more serious literary labors . (Filtered Words: 0)
It really ought to be rebuilt , and he determined to go up and talk to the city banks about this . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's plenty of risk money '' , [FILTERED] added , `` but not for anything this risky '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Writers of this class of science fiction have clearly in mind the assumptions that man can master the principles of this cause-and-effect universe and that such mastery will necessarily better the human lot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Systemic linkage . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he got ahead in business : on leave from his job to an important Washington assignment during the war ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
it was merely another part of his weakness . (Filtered Words: 0)
They started on the 4th hole , a 220-yard par-3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Surrounded by ancient elms , the campus is spacious and beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had begun with the blue jay feather . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stepped back to let him slump to the ground , and then dived over him through the open door into [FILTERED] who was cursing loudly and trying to drag a gun from a shoulder holster , somewhat impeded by the steering wheel . (Filtered Words: 2)
That is not to deny that he has been aware of traditions , of course , that he is steeped in them , in fact , or that he has dealt with them , in his books . (Filtered Words: 0)
An over-all concept will guide industry where available talents and facilities will yield greatest dividends . (Filtered Words: 0)
They like it and would supply most of the capital because of the long term leases by strong oil companies . (Filtered Words: 0)
( F ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Place a suitably-loaded barbell across them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
More often than not , as the Old Grad wanders along the old paths , his memory of happy days when he strolled one of the paths with a coed beside him becomes an ache and a pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The complex morphology of polycrystalline homopolymers is necessarily dependent on the same factor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Felix is all there is '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remember that in seeking the modern in Utopia we do not deny the existence of the medieval and the Renaissance there ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Ignorance on this point has caused a great deal of needless anxiety , misunderstanding and suspicion . (Filtered Words: 0)
She twitched her leg away . (Filtered Words: 0)
They dwell , in short , in the doltish twilight in which peasants and serfs of the past are commonly reported to have lived . (Filtered Words: 0)
Directed by [FILTERED] in a tempo that is studiously slow , he develops a sense of a high tradition shining brightly and passing gravely through an impious world . (Filtered Words: 1)
The cards , filed by circonscription ( sub-chiefdom , or village ) , are kept in the headquarters of each territoire ( chiefdom ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus a man who is butting a stone wall at the office may become unusually aggressive in bed -- the one place he can still be champion . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when he complained of the lack of time for all he wanted to do , Henrietta advised him to rise at five in the morning as she and Papa did . (Filtered Words: 0)
The conversation went on but [FILTERED] stopped listening . (Filtered Words: 1)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Mahayana had gods , and magic , a pantheon , heavens and hells , and gorgeously appareled priests , monks , and nuns , all of whom wielded power over souls in the other world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only when the newest Mr. [FILTERED] or Mr. [FILTERED] discovers them and puts them into practice are we reacquainted with them and once again see how effective they really are . (Filtered Words: 2)
These have an upper-middle-class leadership and a middle-class membership , with rare exceptions , where working-class parents are active in local P.-T.A. matters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the student of literature may sometimes find it helpful to classify a poem or an essay as being in idea or in ideal content or subject matter typical or atypical of its period . (Filtered Words: 0)
This happens on the grocer's shelf or in your kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poor devil he can't have been too happy either . (Filtered Words: 0)
To help him on this religious aspect of primitive jazz he had `` Big '' Miller , as a preacher-singer and [FILTERED] , Gospel-singer , while [FILTERED] , an extremely talented young man , did a slave auctioneer's call , a field-hands' work song , and a beautifully sung Negro lullaby , `` Brown Baby '' , which was one of the truly moving moments of the festival . (Filtered Words: 2)
But , in departing , [FILTERED] begged [FILTERED] that there be no liquor in the apartment at the Grosvenor on his return , and he took with him the first thirty galleys of Elmer Gantry . (Filtered Words: 2)
Madden , with his investigation centered on the fraud , said that tomorrow he would go to the Bronx bank through which Mrs. [FILTERED]'s checks to Johnston had cleared . (Filtered Words: 1)
Stern chase 10 (Filtered Words: 0)
An African knife and battle-ax are at this moment being sharpened by McKinley and Green . (Filtered Words: 0)
The East Greenwich Police Department utilizes the radio transmission facilities of the Warwick Police Department , thereby eliminating duplication of facilities and ensuring police coordination in the Cowessett-East Greenwich-Potowomut area of the two communities . (Filtered Words: 0)
What sets Negro-appeal programing apart from other radio shows ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That's the way . (Filtered Words: 0)
These sages include poet [FILTERED] , statesman [FILTERED] and sculptor [FILTERED] , in Volume One , and playwright [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , philosopher [FILTERED] and the late [FILTERED] in the second set . (Filtered Words: 7)
But , to put it bluntly , nothing snapped . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over and above that , however , was his growing suspicion of [FILTERED] part in recent events . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Mae , sit down . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first directors of the Manchester Light and Power Company were [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 5)
The long road that had taken liberals in this country into the social religion of democracy , into a worship of man , led logically to the Marxist dream of a classless society under a Socialist State . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he thought of those Old Testament figures on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Underneath him the sea was a dark and muddied gray . (Filtered Words: 0)
Compilation of mailing lists (Filtered Words: 0)
We know that no one who is born of God commits sin . (Filtered Words: 0)
The volume was completed in 1950 and published in 1951 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This work is progressing on schedule and we expect to make initial shipments in the fourth quarter of this year . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Roman Catholic Church has excommunicated one of its priests , Father Feeney , for insisting that there is no salvation outside the visible church . (Filtered Words: 0)
She exclaimed , smiling . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A slug had torn half of his stirrup-guard away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence it follows that the involution within the bundle must be a perspective De Jonquieres involution of order Af and the invariant locus must have a multiple line of multiplicity either Af or Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check to see if some of your benefits -- such as on-the-job disability pay -- can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus there are polynomials Af such that Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hate it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He gave his life for his beliefs . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may have your boat of wood , canvas , plywood , plastic , or metal . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not hard to find that concurrence of opinion which Fromm finds so remarkable when you ignore all who hold a different opinion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Both children are musical and my wife is a music lover of unfailing instinct and judgement '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other tax attributes of the transferor (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stopped the car and switched off the lights and they sat looking at the water , which , there being no moon out , at first could be distinguished from the sky only by an absence of stars . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thanks for your good coverage of [FILTERED]'s visit , too ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Morgan watched the two figures for a time , puzzled . (Filtered Words: 0)
And think , if we all knew this secret and we could pool our power , what a wonderful public utility company we would make . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the dominance of the sympathetic division of the hypothalamus , the opposite changes occur . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last-named is one of the favorites in the stable , and the boys like her very much . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asserted that if the case had been heard in open court under rules of evidence , the testimony would have been completed in sixty days instead of five years . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fleet asked the same question about Bridget , and [FILTERED] pointed out that as far as she knew Bridget had gone up to her room before her father's murder and came down when she called her . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is also the concern of the Department of State that our trading relationships with the rest of the world are vigorous , profitable , and active -- this is not just a passing interest or a matter of concern only to the Department of Commerce . (Filtered Words: 0)
Special districts in Rhode island . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any animal could when travelin' fast , be sent heels over head by the simple process of overtakin' the brute , seizin' its tail , and givin' the latter a pull to one side . (Filtered Words: 0)
What Krim ignores , in his contempt for history and for accuracy , is that these magazines , Partisan foremost , brought about a genuine revolution in the American mind from the mid-thirties to approximately 1950 . (Filtered Words: 0)
As these Swiss were moving from the Selkirk settlement to become the first civilian residents of Minnesota , Dousman of Michilimackinac , Michigan , and [FILTERED] was traveling to Red River to open a trade in merchandise . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s latest contribution to the field is the Model 500 ( from $73.50 ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The variety of craft on the country's waters today is overwhelming . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though merely clear glass , it was a distinctive trade mark for an aspiring actor who hoped to imprint himself upon the memories of producers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whee the People : Lovely Thrush Annamorena gave up a promising show biz career to apply glamor touches to her hubby , [FILTERED] fur firm here . (Filtered Words: 1)
They have not been friendly for years '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just long enough to make you feel important . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe the society editor would remember a good-looking out-of-town bride '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- On the basis of a differentiability assumption in function space , it is possible to prove that , for materials having the property that the stress is given by a functional of the history of the deformation gradients , the classical theory of infinitesimal viscoelasticity is valid when the deformation has been infinitesimal for all times in the past . (Filtered Words: 0)
If one characteristic distinguishes [FILTERED] , it is the consistency with which every person on the stage -- including the chorus -- comes alive in the music . (Filtered Words: 1)
And an additional factor was helping to make women more sexually self-assertive -- the comparatively recent discovery of the true depths of female desire and response . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , refrigerated carriers have made the shipping of avocados possible to any place in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conchita wondered . (Filtered Words: 0)
One old-timer said to sprinkle sugar on a bleeding cut , even when on a knuckle , if it was made by a rusty tool ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Like the Yankees' slugger , Mays , the terror of the Giants , has had seasons that would be considered the ultimate by most players , but not by -- or for -- Willie . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Secretary may dispose of water and byproducts resulting from his operations under this Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
that the tremendous volume of General Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He hesitated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
CTA regulars already subsidize transportation for school children , policemen , and firemen . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , no , no . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted a careful , uninterrupted report from Dill on the conditions in the valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Must solve problem '' (Filtered Words: 0)
That improvement is continuing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Issue no. 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just the same , he thought , pondering over it , it would be a good thing for a girl like [FILTERED] if she got up and went to church . (Filtered Words: 1)
For years it's been just Felix . (Filtered Words: 0)
The driver told police he followed as the Negro man got out of the cab with his money . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kearton and Ulyate had started the day together while [FILTERED] followed the dogs , and Means and [FILTERED] had taken another route , and now , with the discovery of the fresh trail still unknown to him , Ulyate reined in , in the shadow of the Reef and pointed . (Filtered Words: 2)
A fire wouldn't have mattered except that it would cause Pops to be found sooner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not really startled , but careful to appear so , Grosse sucked noisily on his pipe . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Senate also voted $5.2 billion to finance the government's health , welfare , and labor activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet , in 1960 all eight gave majorities to Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I know they will be good . (Filtered Words: 0)
and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Pollock is an object of art -- bijouterie -- disguised only by its great size . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , for those few there was almost no ecclesiastical representation in the city to care for their religious needs . (Filtered Words: 0)
These two basic malformations have , of course , many variations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even from where he stood he could see the neatly folded blanket that he had spread over [FILTERED] , the pillow , the sheet of paper on top of it . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` If I don't come out within half an hour ride back to town and bring out a posse '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must mentally pull the blinds and close the window , so that all that existed was in the books before him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was frowning . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he protested , the hotel owner said : (Filtered Words: 0)
We must avoid the notion , suggested to some people by examples such as those just mentioned , that ideas are `` units '' in some way comparable to coins or counters that can be passed intact from one group of people to another or even , for that matter , from one individual to another . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was the Arc de Triomphe and the Tour d'Eiffel -- I was no yokel , but I was young , and this was Paris ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The initial suppression activities would cover about twice the acreage currently being treated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , sharp turns in a shelter entrance will reduce radiation intensity inside the shelter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Free world decisions in this matter may spell the difference between world disaster and world progress in freedom . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let me stay and take the pictures you wanted , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
She walked back to the house and entered , feeling herself returning , sensing some kind of opportunity in the empty building . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clean the place up . (Filtered Words: 0)
There may be possible economies at any one of a number of links in your marketing and distribution chain . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right , you bastards '' , I said , `` the great actor is about to buy a drink '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he , as I can now retort , was the man who could see so short a distance ahead that after a visit to Russia he gave voice to the famous exclamation : `` I have seen the future and it works '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The world that was once foot-loose and fancy-free '' , he said , `` has now become screw-loose and frenzy-free . (Filtered Words: 0)
Social Darwinism was able to stave off the incipient socialist movement until well into the present century . (Filtered Words: 0)
Handsomest colt in all Kentucky . (Filtered Words: 0)
How did it happen , for example , that the state university , that great symbol of American democracy , failed to flourish in New England as it did in other parts of the country ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can I have the car , Dad '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no need here to spell out the conditions of creative teaching except to point out that , at the college level , the sense of community and of community responsibility is even more necessary than it is at other levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And don't either of you forget that I'm not any man's property . (Filtered Words: 0)
He called the bar and grill where he had picked [FILTERED] up that afternoon . (Filtered Words: 1)
This might be done to arouse those who have been squeezed out by the trims to exert pressure on the Legislature , so it would be more receptive to a tax proposal later in the year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet there was some precedent for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the master of scops who was most responsible for the poem ever used kennings that were traditional , he was at least partly deprived of free will and not inclined towards shrewd and sophisticated misuse of speech elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
During nighttime hours , because of the intense skywave propagation then prevailing , no large number of stations can be permitted to operate on one of these channels , if the wide area service for which these frequencies are assigned is to be rendered satisfactorily by the dominant stations which must be relied upon to render it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could halt a flood of Communist arms and strategic supplies now reaching [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Much of his genius , of course , sprang from his familiarity with clock movements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before the King ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He fought to the end to preserve it as a `` government of the people , by the people , for the people '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The southern half , however , on account of its underbracing , was considered by boat owners a menace to navigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was slowly swimming down to the bottom of the sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
SBA can make complete facilities inventories of all small business concerns in labor surplus areas within budgetary and staff limitations . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was in the war , he was in [FILTERED] or [FILTERED] or something like that , and an old buddy of his told me he would come down on Sundays to the Pentagon and read the citations for medals -- just like the one we sent in for Trig -- and go away with a real glow . (Filtered Words: 2)
During his tenure he also fulfilled guest engagements at the Berlin State Opera . (Filtered Words: 0)
It did not take me long to slip the bolt securely and return to the rear and its couch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Skorich , however , is a strong advocate of a balanced attack -- split between running and passing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the load L , under actual cutting conditions is caused by Af , it can be seen that Af (Filtered Words: 0)
The mule is honored at Benson , N.C. ( Sept. 22 , 23 ) and at Boron , Calif. ( Sept. 24 thru Oct. 1 ) , while the legend of the Maid of the Mist is celebrated at [FILTERED] through the 24th . (Filtered Words: 1)
We are abstracting from the fact of strikes here , but it should be obvious that the extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is also a function of the show of resistance put up by the industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't come back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , on a desk , is a stack of pamphlets representing the efforts of some of the best men of the day to penetrate these questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
But responsiveness to these opportunities presumes that all of us judge the good as a human good and not simply as a professional , white , American good . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This is my hen ledger '' , he informed him in an absorbed way . (Filtered Words: 0)
The northern cowboy called all the red Mexican cattle which went up the trail `` [FILTERED] reds '' , while they called all cattle drove up from Mexico `` yaks '' , because they came from the Yaqui Injun country , or gave 'em the name of `` Mexican buckskins '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The forces which survive the initial attack must be found and destroyed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A re-enactment of the Battle of Lexington , May 18th at Lexington , Missouri ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I hate that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Science is mocked for wishing to know nothing of Nothing , in a last ditch effort to save the gods at the expense of men . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Phoenix arrest culminates more than a year's investigation by [FILTERED] and other officers . (Filtered Words: 1)
She's not going to get away with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bostitch , Inc. is approximately half way through a 10-year exemption of their real estate tax . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the coach listed all the boy's faults , [FILTERED] said , `` Coach before I leave here , you'll get to like me '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was the last living of the older generation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where's the Lieut '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The others will make you a little more comfortable until you get it licked . (Filtered Words: 0)
An aircraft with a load of small nuclear weapons could very conceivably be given a mission to suppress all trains operating within a specified geographic area of Russia -- provided that we had used some of our ICBMs to degrade Russia's air defenses before our bombers got there . (Filtered Words: 0)
and , when you took a walk you never knew what adventure or pair of sparkling eyes were waiting around the next corner . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thermostat is important to get your engine up to operating temperature quickly , and to keep it running at its most efficient temperature through the proper circulation of the coolant . (Filtered Words: 0)
and everywhere can be found scars of earlier breaks once deeply buried . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed it might be a more appropriate vehicle than NATO for the development of a parliamentary organ of the Atlantic nations , because it could encompass all of the members of the Atlantic community including those , like Sweden and Switzerland , who are unwilling to be associated with an essentially military alliance like Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
External national responsibility involves a burgeoning requirement that the leaders of the Western nations so guide their decisions as to further the viability of other friendly nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is important to understanding the position that doctrinaire liberals found themselves in after World War 2 , and our great democratic victory that brought no peace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arms plot charged (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm had to hide his secret . (Filtered Words: 0)
A prospective industry also may be interested in the long-run advantages of training programs in the area to supply future skilled workers and provide supplementary extension courses for its employees . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was bent over behind the wheel of the station wagon , feeling in his trouser cuffs for the ignition key which he had dropped a moment before , she came out of the house with an enormous Rumanian shawl over her head , which she had bought in that country during one of their trips abroad , and handed him a clean handkerchief through the window . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alec played the part of an innocent tourist . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're in the secular world '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As in many other industries , rising costs and intense competition , both domestic and foreign , have exerted increasing pressure on earnings of the textile industry in recent years . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] the locking bar spacers with two Af directly under the first two `` B '' pieces . (Filtered Words: 1)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
Many rate increases already have been put into effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
And sensitivity '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
the onion was then fastened together with string and placed beneath a dripping eave . (Filtered Words: 0)
The need for interchange and understanding makes vital the full use of all methods of consultation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've got this cold '' , he wrote . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems to us that choices exercised by realtors in moral situations center in at least three areas : ( 1 ) the various ways in which they interpret a particular social issue ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The universities certainly were not doing it , nor were the popular magazines of the day . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , conjoined with the considerations above , made the circular motions of heavenly bodies appear an almost directly observed fact . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was not , of course , enough sampling to give a satisfactory description of the vertical diffusion of the aerosol . (Filtered Words: 0)
The revised draft was mailed in July , 1960 , to 100 firms throughout the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can do likewise though Christ is not bodily present . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter who the candidate for marriage selected by the gapt (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , the attitude in Jewish families is far more protective toward the daughter than toward the son . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED]'s withered hands , heavy as if her unhappiness were somehow concentrated in them , move in restless self-pity between her broken heart and her walking stick . (Filtered Words: 1)
The churches , the taverns , and the various other places of the town must have known his figure well as he roved to and about them . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , maybe not too much of a lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cousin John '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The stress on have , which here represents have finished reading the paper , is quite strong . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A team is a team '' , insisted [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Maryland contracts for future construction during October totaled $77,389,000 , up to 10 per cent compared to October , 1960 , [FILTERED] , Dodge Corporation , reported . (Filtered Words: 1)
As artists we feel the same obligation , as do other individuals , in considering ourselves responsible citizens of a great nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
There has been an intensification of price-consciousness in recent years ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] would be a senior this year , and he planned to graduate . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] ( 1789-1839 ) , a Quaker , was a pioneer in preparing the way for anti-slavery societies . (Filtered Words: 1)
They took Jesus's body , then , and wrapped it in winding-clothes with the spices ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
No one patted the dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
This carryover right has a number of things in common with a net operating loss carryover . (Filtered Words: 0)
She promised that she would soon take a few day's leave and visit the uncle she had never seen , on the island of Oyajima -- which was not very far from Yokosuka . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Poughkeepsie , N.Y. , , in 1952 , a Roman Catholic hospital presented seven Protestant physicians with an ultimatum to quit the Planned Parenthood Federation or to resign from the hospital staff . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since Af are linearly independent functions and the exponential function has no zeros , these R functions Af , form a basis for the space of solutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were `` personalities '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- (Filtered Words: 0)
If only the fucken weather wasn't so lousy ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The gadget faker operates or sells his phony machines for $5 to $10,000 -- anything the traffic will bear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She had raised a calf , grown it beef-fat . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was graduated from the Salem High School when few colleges , only Oberlin and Elmira , were open to women ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
in 1950 it had become 47.1% urban . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't waste any $.10-a-minute time on green lumber to save $.03 a stud (Filtered Words: 0)
The big shock everybody had when they found ol [FILTERED] and those others done for . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet the truth , according to the New Testament , is that every local church has its existence only by being the embodiment of the whole church in that particular place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Death is not permanent defeat and disappearance ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked lazy , spoiled , a little querulous . (Filtered Words: 0)
about keeping warm , about keeping well , about meeting the minor emergencies that came up once , twice , fifty times a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
This might be said to be an upper- or an upper-middle-class bias , but the Commission published as one of its staff studies a book by [FILTERED] entitled Who Should Go To College ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
So did Poet . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least this seemed to be the working hypothesis for `` Chicago And All That Jazz '' , presented on NBC-TV Nov. 26 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned and looked around at the lobby as though seeing things he hadn't before noticed . (Filtered Words: 0)
You think somebody is going to stand up in the audience and make guilty faces ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet with all this knowledge I had nothing of substance to unravel our case , as you would call it , till yesterday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arrangement of the entrance . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in this one section we welcomed auditors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The transom frame is made first with the joints lapped , glued and fastened with one-inch , No. 12 Stronghold nails . (Filtered Words: 0)
He preferred sleeping in bed with his head on a pillow . (Filtered Words: 0)
none of us did . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pattern for inner lid piece E fits inside Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
You talked about John-and-[FILTERED] as an entity . (Filtered Words: 1)
In fact , they often revamped their social activities to include class members previously unknown . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , treasurer ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
the Carleton Student Association includes all students in college and is intended `` to work for the betterment of Carleton College by providing student government and student participation with the college administration in the formulation and execution of policies which pertain to student life and activities '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If anyone thought of the John Harvey , it was to observe that she was straddled by a pair of ships heavily laden with high explosive and if they were hit the John Harvey would likely be blown up with her own ammo and whatever else it was that she carried . (Filtered Words: 0)
This shelter , as shown on page 24 , would provide almost absolute protection from fallout radiation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] was both sullen and frightened . (Filtered Words: 1)
If it ever got behind me , the beep turned to a buzz . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Say that again '' , she pleaded . (Filtered Words: 0)
progress , or lack of it , toward civil rights in the 50 states is reported in an impressive 689-page compilation issued last week by the United States Commission on Civil Rights . (Filtered Words: 0)
He supposed the military world would approve of his accomplishment . (Filtered Words: 0)
You've got the lovelies on the brain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here was a man with an enormous gift for living as well as thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the Yalta Conference opened , the American policy of postponing all discussion of Russia's western boundaries until the peace conference had broken down . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question , then , is whether sufficient discrimination in the use of even non-violent means of coercion is to be found in the fact that such conduct demoralizes and overcomes the opponent while re-moralizing and re-establishing him . (Filtered Words: 0)
How can we old-fashioned parents , who still feel that adults are due some respect from children , battle the new type of advertising that appears on TV without denying the children the use of television entirely ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In case of a deadlock between prison boards and inmates , a federal arbitration board to include a `` lifer '' and two escapees should decide the issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the eagerly sought `` homogeneity '' of the Balafrej Council of Government was never achieved as the Istiqlal quarreled over foreign policy , labor politics and economic development . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other words , the Soviet Union was determined to create a Poland so strong as to be a powerful bulwark against Germany and so closely tied to Russia that there would never be any question of her serving as a cordon sanitaire against the Soviets or posing as an independent , balancing power in between Russia and Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we have five problems whose solution we seek in relatively united fashion , then there are twice as many issues which , I judge , sharply divide us , intergroup relations practitioners and lay people . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following month the invasion of Italy was begun , and [FILTERED] gave effect to his warning by consenting to the stockpiling of poison gas in southern Italy . (Filtered Words: 1)
No attempt is made by Ptolemy to weld into a single scheme ( a-la-Aristotle ) , these independent predicting-machines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something in my voice must have touched her deeply because her anger passed quickly , and she turned away to keep me from seeing her face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dresses were short in the days of Mrs. [FILTERED] , and Spanish shawls were thrown over them . (Filtered Words: 1)
There are sins of omission as well as commission ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And there is the bright note : The gains were achieved in the face of temporary traffic lags late in 1960 and early in 1961 as a result of business recession . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not , however , settle back into acquiescence with things as they were . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was surprised and dubious , but impressed by the engineer and the report . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has been estimated that the value of boats in Rhode Island waters is something in excess of fifty million dollars , excluding commercial boats . (Filtered Words: 0)
His new poem , a love poem , told of a young husband leading his wife upstairs to the bedroom when the lights in the house have failed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , we are forced to go much farther . (Filtered Words: 0)
His best years were 1954 when he hit with 41 homers and '55 when he belted 51 home runs , drove in 127 and stole 24 bases . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no dispute involving fieldwork . (Filtered Words: 0)
I snuggled up close to him -- loving him -- thankful for a man like him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cattle were said to be `` potted '' when `` blizzard choked '' , that is , caught in a corner or a draw , or against a `` drift fence '' durin' a storm . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not again so soon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I learned , for example , that he made a practice of yapping at dogs he encountered and , in winter , of sprinkling salt on the icy pavement to scarify their feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
he must have slept again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your 16 year old son earned $720 in 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She overplayed her hand '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Commerce Department officials were inclined to explain the April sales decline as a reaction from a surge of consumer buying in March . (Filtered Words: 0)
So sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the House pariah . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hengesbach has been living in Grand Ledge since his house and barn were burned down after his release in 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he had turned a sickly green and appeared tongue-tied or panicked . (Filtered Words: 0)
The existence of a public school vocational training program in trade and industry provides a base from which such needs can be filled . (Filtered Words: 0)
These increased costs are partially offset by a decrease of $56 million in expenditures for the reserve forces , largely because of the planned reduction in strength of the Army Reserve components during 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Constitutions of and by themselves mean little ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
place on plaster board . (Filtered Words: 0)
The official statistics show that 60 per cent are employed workers or independent professional people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prior to the featured race , the stewards announced that apprentice [FILTERED] is suspended ten days for crowding horses and crossing the field sharply in two races on Wednesday . (Filtered Words: 1)
Large injection-molded letters are also available for sign installations . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is doubtful if [FILTERED] was able to take home much money to his wife and children , for his pay , as shown by the War Department Abstracts of early 1778 was $75 a month as a colonel , and that apt to be delayed . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is no dextrous-fingered college boy but rather a dedicated , humble , and bashful apostle of this instrument . (Filtered Words: 0)
They graduated together from Atlanta's Turner High School , where [FILTERED] was first in the class and [FILTERED] third . (Filtered Words: 2)
This will prevent the clay from twisting or bending , causing warping when fired . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who loved her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The principle is commendable but we suspect that in the practice somebody is going to get gulled . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is this the type of citizen you desire '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Services will be at 30 p.m. Monday at Holman & Son Funeral Home , with interment in [FILTERED] cemetery . (Filtered Words: 1)
A tranquilizer fed to cattle ( other than lactating dairy cows ) prior to their being subjected to stress conditions such as vaccinating , shipping , weaning calves , and excessive handling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of the post-World War 2 , abstract expressionists , apostles of the discipline of spontaneity and hazard , look alike , and do look like accidents . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
The children he painted were almost always in rags , his portraits were often ruthless to the point of ugliness , and his nudes -- including several self-portraits -- were stringy , contorted and strangely pathetic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , besides the training provided to youth in school , the existence of the school program can have supplementary benefits to industry which make it an asset to industrial development efforts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many readers of this department no doubt discount certain of my opinions for the simple reason that they can guess pretty accurately , even if they have never actually been told , what my age is . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the hazards of poor communication are so great , p can be justified as a habitable site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a waterfall for milling purposes , a mine , or a sugar maple camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presumably , if the reverse is the case and the good effect is more certain than the evil result that may be forthcoming , not only must the good and the evil be prudentially weighed and found proportionate , but also calculation of the probabilities and of the degree of certainty or uncertainty in the good or evil effect must be taken into account . (Filtered Words: 0)
When prepositional complements are divided as in what are you looking for ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Cars , taxis , buses , and motorscooters all went plunging at once down the narrow length of it or swerving perilously around a fountain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her estate had grown considerably . (Filtered Words: 0)
In most Western cultures today these twins have been sent away to the libraries and museums . (Filtered Words: 0)
We know that in the early part of the century many Protestant congregations took positive action against members who transgressed the ethical codes to which the majority subscribed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , (Filtered Words: 1)
He made himself back off slowly , his eyes wary on [FILTERED] , who now had no more to lose than he . (Filtered Words: 1)
With a thoughtful look , the man sat on the pavement , legs straight out in front of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pausing , he waited for her to turn , to ask a question . (Filtered Words: 0)
It can , in fact , wreck a marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
The report , culminating a year long study of the ADC program in Cook county by a New York City welfare consulting firm , listed 10 long range recommendations designed to reduce the soaring ADC case load . (Filtered Words: 0)
We shall not be able entirely to pass over these connections to the East as we consider Ripe Geometric pottery , the epic and the myth , and the religious evolution of early Greece ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Help him ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
the last one had been a Lilliputian war . (Filtered Words: 0)
A plume of smoke rose from a Central Vermont locomotive which idled behind a string of gravel cars , and little figures that were workmen labored to set the ruptured roadbed to rights . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This is [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The results were good , but which treatment helped is still not known . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s fee , [FILTERED] said , was 10 per cent of the janitors' pay . (Filtered Words: 2)
Fran and he had met about two years after she had arrived in Manhattan from Nebraska , or was it Wyoming ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But we can't tell it all now and then have no new excitement later '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And we are positive of so few and suspicious of so many '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this in addition to his usual fear of being among people of high society , his fear of making some inane or inappropriate remark . (Filtered Words: 0)
You wouldn't pull my leg , old man ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
from the General's idea a chain reaction occurred . (Filtered Words: 0)
He mentions the beats only once '' , when he refers to their having revived through mere power and abandonment and the unwillingness to , commit death in life some idea of a decent equivalent between verbal expression and actual experience , , but the entire narrative , is written in the tiresome vocabulary `` of '' that lost `` and '' dying cause , `` and in the '' `` sprung syntax that is supposed to supplant , our mother , tongue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing looks less like their work than the happenings of random occasion . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a formality , you know '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The subject he liked most was the female body , which he painted in every state -- naked , half-dressed , muffled to the ears , sitting primly in a chair , lying tauntingly on a bed or locked in an embrace . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the natural condition for the heavenly bodies is neither rest , nor rectilinear motion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though only a relatively short walk separated it from my own part of town , its character was wholly foreign to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They can't do anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
He mentions the beats only once '' , when he refers to their having revived through mere power and abandonment and the unwillingness to , commit death in life some idea of a decent equivalent between verbal expression and actual experience , , but the entire narrative , is written in the tiresome vocabulary `` of '' that lost `` and '' dying cause , `` and in the '' `` sprung syntax that is supposed to supplant , our mother , tongue . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the end of the third act , the artist is dead but the body lingers on , a shell among other shells . (Filtered Words: 0)
But no matter what he writes about he brings to his subject his own original mind and his own sensitive reactions . (Filtered Words: 0)
My diplomacy was needless . (Filtered Words: 0)
but he was aware of it just the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he wouldn't ask her -- he wasn't the kind of man who would force his wife to submit to him against her will . (Filtered Words: 0)
matters such as leavened or unleavened bread are inconsequential . (Filtered Words: 0)
She opened the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President of the United States , pursuant to a Joint Resolution of Congress , has issued a proclamation each year since 1933 declaring May 22nd to be National Maritime Day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remaking an army to win (Filtered Words: 0)
His chief discovery was important -- the Great North ( later , the Hudson ) River -- but it produced no northwest passage . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the question before these meetings was , here is a man of international reputation and proved earning power ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This brought in everybody from both sides , while the spectators stood up and added to the uproar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Treasonable books striking at the Hanoverian Succession , he complains , are allowed to pass unnoticed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upstairs , busy feet , showering like raindrops , pattered around her room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Local school districts are hard pressed financially and unenthusiastic about vocational training . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was busy , he said , in having someone submit to a monkey-gland operation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have been unwise policy , for instance , to apply the pound-of-flesh characterization to the thrifty Scotchman . (Filtered Words: 0)
New York lay bleaching in the summer sun , and the morning fish hawk , flying in the heated air , saw below him the long triangular wedge of Manhattan Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was just another freighter from the States , and she seemed as commonplace as her name . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] used the planetary transmission in his Model T and earlier cars and , in 1905 , as a precautionary measure , took out a license from the man who claimed to be its inventor . (Filtered Words: 1)
The revolution in jazz that took place around 1949 , the evolution from the `` bebop '' school of [FILTERED] to the `` cool '' sound of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and the whole legend of [FILTERED] , had made an impression on many academic and literary men . (Filtered Words: 5)
It is curious that even centuries of repetition of the yearly cycle did not induce a sufficient degree of confidence to allow people to abandon the ceremonies of the winter solstice . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] looked at him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Guess I've changed , haven't I ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Never before has the introduction of a weapon caused so much apprehension and fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
As used in this Act , the term ' saline water ' includes sea water , brackish water , and other mineralized or chemically charged water , and the term ' United States ' extends to and includes the District of Columbia , the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico , and the territories and possessions of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had gone like clockwork . (Filtered Words: 0)
One thing , I am sure of , you must get an interest in life . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fourteen recent test launchings , at ranges of five thousand miles , [FILTERED] has been striking on an average within two miles of the target . (Filtered Words: 1)
Issue no. 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only effect of lack of a center would then be to release the hydrogen atoms to occupy general , rather than special , positions along the ( 111 ) axis . (Filtered Words: 0)
A dozen cows mooed sadly and regarded us as if we were insane , as perhaps we were at that moment , with the crazy excitement of our first encounter , the yelling and shooting still continuing up at the road , and the thirst of some of the men , which was so great that they waded into the muddy water and scooped up handfuls of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also spoke of `` the wealth piled by the bondsman's two hundred and fifty years in unrequited toil '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet the highly anxious child suffered a tremendous disadvantage only in the unstructured school , and performed as well or better than average in the structured setting . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know , that my son wants control and direction , but being autistic myself I cannot give full control or direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The quest for methods (Filtered Words: 0)
In the allocation pattern worked out for these frequencies , the provision of long-range service has to some extent been subordinated to the other two objectives -- assignment of multiple facilities , and assignment of stations in as many communities as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked intimate questions and got frank answers from the members of what he calls the candidates' `` in-groups '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nigger boy was close behind him . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s coarse features twisted in a surprised grin which was smashed out of shape by [FILTERED]'s fist . (Filtered Words: 2)
He knew Conrad had told him the truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
But by 1908 its record of brutality had touched the national conscience . (Filtered Words: 0)
The socialism implicit in the slogan of the Roosevelt Revolution , freedom from want and fear , seems a far cry from the individualism of the First Amendment to the Constitution , or of the Jacksonian frontier . (Filtered Words: 0)
For use in formulas , fractions should be converted to their decimal equivalents . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is beyond this fog ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The foregoing , aided by several clues I'll withhold to keep you on your toes , will pursue you with a tenacity worthy of Inspector [FILTERED] , but before they close in , gird yourselves , I repeat , for a vengeance infinitely more pitiless . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I feel fine ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Interest has been shown for a number of years by local assessors in the possibility of taxing boats . (Filtered Words: 0)
They've been there since the days of the Moors and the Saracens . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll toe the line . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s appearance is rough-hewn Irish . (Filtered Words: 1)
He loved the son and was always glad to be sent back to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am only singling out differences in treatment of a theme and the resultant effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had a way with words . (Filtered Words: 1)
they universalize in terms of weather , skies , earth , and people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her bright eyes were twinkling . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the ball-hawking defensive expert , was cited for his performance against Bradley in St. Louis U.'s nationally televised victory . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Reckon ye're right , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] called back over his shoulder . (Filtered Words: 2)
You've been away from home for the New Year festivities , but now the party is over and you come home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasionally she deserts the simple and elegant for a fun piece simply because `` It's unlike me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than 25 carefully selected cities were visited , including New York , Brooklyn , Long Island City , Newark , Elizabeth , Stamford , Waterbury , New Haven , Bridgeport , Boston , Cambridge , [FILTERED] , and Waltham . (Filtered Words: 1)
Boy in fair condition (Filtered Words: 0)
But where ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And the rebellion of these third generation Jews is not the traditional conflict of culture but , rather , a protest against a culture that they view as softly and insidiously enveloping . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wingman , stay clear , he prayed . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked her if she would , and she said she would not . (Filtered Words: 0)
and , as in the March home , any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked at me provocatively . (Filtered Words: 0)
On a quarter-to-quarter comparison , the first quarter of 1961 total of 9,273 cars was 21 per cent behind the previous year's 3-month total of 11,744 . (Filtered Words: 0)
the purchase of equipment , facilities , machinery , supplies , or materials ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She was from Prague . (Filtered Words: 0)
And re-echo . (Filtered Words: 0)
He arrived on crutches at the Newspaper Club with one of his great pals , [FILTERED] , artist , author , and foe of stupidity . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is one of the few men in history who plays jazz on a violin . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Summary Report On Desegregation Progress In Education In The Middle-South Region , 1959 - 1960 '' clearly shows two pieces of information . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] to see you go . (Filtered Words: 1)
When , in late afternoon on the last day in June , he saw two people top the ridge to the south and walk toward the house , he quit work immediately and strode to his rifle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Buxton Hanover ( Tar Heel-Beryl Hanover ) 2:35 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Poirot and his counterparts are perfectly respectable people ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the U. S. , strong pressures have been building up for a resumption of tests on grounds that the Russians may be secretly testing . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all fairness it must be admitted that Adams made no pretense at being an impartial historian . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nonetheless , although few in number they are a stubborn crew , as tenacious of life as the Hardshell Baptists , which suggests that there is some kind of vital principle embodied in their faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
He served as Commander in Chief during the Revolution without compensation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will you obstruct this , or will you help ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not cross the living room , brush past her , and bend down to retrieve the shorts . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is why the members of the beat generation proudly assume the title of the holy barbarians ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now look , there's work to be done and lots of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dimensions of these waves dwarf all our usual standards of measurement . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been worried that with Miller and [FILTERED] added to the escape party they would be short . (Filtered Words: 1)
Folklore is individually created art that a homogeneous group of people preserve , vary and recreate through oral transmission . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hunched his left shoulder into it and slashed at [FILTERED]' forearm with his own , felt the blade slide off his sleeve . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the tintable group are high and little heels , squared and oval throats , and shantung-like textures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out in the center of the circle the farmer , who was [FILTERED] , wasted no time when they came to the line , `` The farmer choose his wife '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` And you know I can do it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is to say , to concentrate on a particular crop or activity in a particular area at a strategic time , rather than any broadside engagement with management throughout an area or the State . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two Governments will , upon the request of either of them , consult regarding any matter relating to the application of this Agreement or to the operation of arrangements carried out pursuant to this Agreement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Nazis bombed Britain , so the RAF retaliated and shot them all down . (Filtered Words: 0)
He will then appoint the study committee with Mr. [FILTERED]'s cooperation , the governor said . (Filtered Words: 1)
No clear motivation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any flat-bed press capable of pressing a specimen 22 inches square may be used as an alternative . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , no richer humor is to be found in the whole of American literature than in the letters of the semi-literate men who wore the blue and the gray . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today many college bound students try to take a course in personal typing , as they feel a certain degree of mastery of this skill is almost essential for one who proposes to do academic work in college and a professional school . (Filtered Words: 0)
The human body -- he pointed out , for example -- required 33 units of blue light . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a new atmosphere of urgency in Washington this week . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the answer to what's wrong now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The artist , unlike the philosopher , is not a removed observer aiming at neutral and rarified high levels of abstraction . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
E . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , nursing an aching jaw and a collosal dose of wounded pride , rode out of town with the survivors of the fight . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was standing in a thick grove . (Filtered Words: 0)
One was on a fourth-down screen pass from the Mustang 21 after an incomplete pass into Gannon's territory . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was mean : quietly mean , and bitterly , unfunnily sarcastic . (Filtered Words: 1)
Choose carefully between contributory or non-contributory pension plans . (Filtered Words: 0)
His normal specialty is playing the good-natured old man , frequently stupid or deluded but never mean or sly . (Filtered Words: 0)
She gave the nastiest laugh I ever heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
The remaining twenty-three towns have fiscal years which end prior to June 30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
and thus he would have been carried over into the life eternal . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a lead pipe cinch . (Filtered Words: 0)
They travel in pairs as much as a hundred-and-fifty miles a day '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our major problem is what an enemy might accomplish in an initial attack on a target . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Divide the amount being allotted by the result obtained in item 9 above . (Filtered Words: 0)
at the sun and the heat of Mediterranean lands , always much brighter and hotter to an Englishman than to an American used to summers in New York or Kansas City ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Owing to the restrained usages characteristic of 19th-century America , these letters usually were stereotyped and revealed little depth of feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What good will it really do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked at the girl speculatively from eyes which had paled with the years ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why can't I leave her locked up in the tool crib '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't tell Miss [FILTERED] , but she must have got word from the cook or nurse , who of course knew those [FILTERED] nigs , and she really took a fit . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` They're ugly and I hate them '' , the boy insisted . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Greek tragedy as in [FILTERED] , mortal actions are encompassed by forces which transcend man . (Filtered Words: 1)
At 4 p.m. the President left the White House to welcome the young musicians , students from the ages of 12 to 18 who spend six weeks at the Brevard Music Center summer camp , and to greet the 325 crippled , cardiac and blind children from the District area who were special guests at the concert . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mystique of sex , combined with marijuana and jazz , is intended to provide a design for living . (Filtered Words: 0)
The law could not suspend economics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was it supposed , perchance , that A & M ( vocational training , that is ) was quite sufficient for the immigrant class which flooded that part of the New England world in the post-Civil War period , the immigrants having been brought in from Southern Europe , to work in the mills , to make up for the labor shortage caused by migration to the West ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Our book of etiquette (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a real stimulant to a lot of guys I know who have moved past the 2-score-year milestone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Right now , however , he was still too worried about [FILTERED] , and the gun that had no bullets , and the story [FILTERED] had told him , to care too much about [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
He did not count time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The moments of sung melody , in the usual sense , come most often when the character is actually supposed to be singing , as in folk songs and liturgical chants . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ahead were perilous , ice-filled waters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poirot and his counterparts are perfectly respectable people ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Its climactic role was to pursue and demoralize a defeated enemy but this chance never came in the Atlanta campaign . (Filtered Words: 0)
As she hung up , she saw through the hall's open window the purple-black flying of the cowbirds' wings , and heard their grotesque singing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fools '' , he bayed , `` what do you think you are doing '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And he hasn't even got a knife on him . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Mother insisted , for it is seldom indeed that anyone remotely connected with the cinema is ever received in their exclusive midsts . (Filtered Words: 0)
This set his tone : richness of texture and color , and another kind of richness as well , for his clothing and decorations would have paid the Brush-off's rent for a year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dolly [FILTERED] was waiting there on the steps and she came running toward us . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not that she complained , or had any cause to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early in November the clouds lifted enough to carry out the assigned missions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] whispered in the ears of the Sioux that the Cheyennes were comin' to raid 'em for their horses . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the Delaware River , three long islands were overgrown with greening trees and underbrush . (Filtered Words: 0)
In vying with him , Mr. [FILTERED] also seemed to be overdriving his tone . (Filtered Words: 1)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
the most common type of letter was that of soldier husbands to their wives . (Filtered Words: 0)
his bride opened the store . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even those who appear in only one or two scenes are full personalities , defined with economical precision . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a natural outgrowth of this approach it was often suggested that the doctor should complete the preparation for painless intercourse by dilating the vagina . (Filtered Words: 0)
right-of-entry plus enforcement authority ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He repeated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact that secrets of the Dreadnought , and thereby of the American undersea fleet , were involved in the spy case had been hinted at earlier . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The West should make the central proposal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
So with four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No. 1 , four of No. 2 , four of No. 3 and four to six sets of the Incline Bench Press , you can see that [FILTERED] has had a terrific mass-building , muscle-shaping , torso-defining workout that cannot be improved upon . (Filtered Words: 1)
Providing an incentive (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes they went south and rolled past the tollhouse -- `` Afternoon , Reverend '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
churches that have a carefully planned program of membership preparation and assimilation often keep 85 to 90 per cent of their new members loyal and active . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , he's just there . (Filtered Words: 0)
She started to move toward the hay bags , dragging the reluctant Cappy behind her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boats of America's trailer sailors in 1961 will be coddled on clouds as they are hauled to new horizons . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Snakes are ugly '' , he said again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never have to . (Filtered Words: 0)
there is every indication it will continue . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Go back to sleep most likely '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it places a severe strain on the administrative resources ( already burdened in other ways ) of a widely dispersed , poor and largely illiterate population . (Filtered Words: 0)
One tiny detail in a happening can clog the memory and stick like meat in a crooked tooth , while the rest of the occurrence will go hazy and uncertain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Institute derives its name from [FILTERED] [FILTERED] , a five-volume work which appeared between 1906 and 1919 . (Filtered Words: 2)
We concluded that we may refer workers to the fieldwork ( but not the packing shed work ) provided we give them written notice of the packing shed dispute . (Filtered Words: 0)
So had Miss [FILTERED] , full of criticisms about the changes here , giving thanks that her dear old father had gone to his Heavenly Rest last year , saying how much she enjoyed her boarding house in town in inclement weather , was looking forward to [FILTERED] this summer . (Filtered Words: 2)
Had it been bestowed while the Secretary General of the United Nations was living , unquestionably he would have been greatly encouraged in pursuing a difficult and , in many ways , thankless task . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had already become used to Hesperus' snapping back answers to questions almost before [FILTERED] could get them asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
This was the largest house he had ever been in , almost the largest building , except for a hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this esoteric doctrine was lost in the shuffle to acquire special powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] leaned upon the stone balustrade . (Filtered Words: 1)
to the editor of the New York Times : (Filtered Words: 0)
An extended cold spell caused ice to build up on the aerator which was mounted on a floating platform and caused the entire platform to sink lower in the water . (Filtered Words: 0)
The flat , hard cap was small , but he thrust it to the back of his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part 2 , contains determinative tables for the identification of crystalline substances . (Filtered Words: 0)
the startling statement in a respectable periodical that `` Catholics , if the present system is still in operation , will constitute almost one-third of the House of Lords in the next generation '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was standing there , he thought , in Virginia , in the thickening dusk , in a costly greatcoat that had belonged to another Jew . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not return my interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
In time she presents her aristocratic husband with a coal-black child . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our leadership in a wide economic boycott of South Africa would be not only in accord , it seems , with the moral conscience of America , not to be denied because we also as a people have widespread injustice in the relations of the races in our own country , but also in accord with our law , U.S. Code Title 19 , Section 1307 , which forbids the importation of goods made by forced or convict labor . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , obviously , a proper goal of research to improve on this property . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Logically , then , the first principle of the plan must be that it is not rigidly oriented toward any geographical area . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ship's compass was useless because of the nearness of the magnetic North Pole . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not even certain the shot had been fired from either hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
there was no hurry . (Filtered Words: 0)
A reason for such wide variation in the pulmonary morphology is entirely lacking at present . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took a deep breath and an even deeper swallow of my drink , and said , `` I admit that going back to [FILTERED] for humor is like going to a modern musical comedy for music and comedy '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
( D ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Play me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Broadway (Filtered Words: 0)
With greater precision he again paced off a location , this time a little more to the left . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm hopeful that from more traditional exchanges we can perhaps find greater common ground '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now let us see where this power comes from . (Filtered Words: 0)
No other visitor inquired for her that evening . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all of Palfrey's slaves were aboard the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He looked up and grinned . (Filtered Words: 0)
After some time he came to an open field . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boys were already waiting in the corridor outside my office when I got to Fairview . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a place full of courage and hope and you were part of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are preventing or averting pathogenic phenomena such as undue regression , unhealthy suppression and repression , excessive use of denial , and crippling guilt turned against the self . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was familiar with this type . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] picked up some new numbers out in Texas which he's springing on the ringsiders in the Rum House at Galt Ocean Mile Hotel . (Filtered Words: 1)
Admitting that main streets and the central business district should have priority , the Councilman said it is also essential that small shopping areas `` not be overlooked if our small merchants are to survive '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is the conveyor of a sacred reality by which he has been grasped . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as a varitinted Oriental rug may suggest the starting point for a room scheme , so may some of the newest versions of embroidery . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a possibility that battery-powered radios with built-in radiation meters may become available . (Filtered Words: 0)
Violence always made him tired , but he was not frightened . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The church's ability to change her methods is going to determine her ability to meet the challenge of this hour '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , there are relatively few such political constituencies , and , as has been pointed out , there is seldom a clear-cut distinction between the educational interests of one social class and those of another . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one was behind it , but in the rear wall of the office I noticed , for the first time , a door which had been left partially open . (Filtered Words: 0)
' back with the Met (Filtered Words: 0)
it merely wished to minimize subjective views of officials who wielded public authority . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Good-by , Winston '' , Mr. [FILTERED] said , giving a final set to his hat . (Filtered Words: 1)
I don't know if I can get you into the inner camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
That community of all creation is , then , the ultimate object of our loyalty and the concrete norm of all moral judgment . (Filtered Words: 0)
D . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] will entertain the members of her Book Club at her home on Tuesday . (Filtered Words: 1)
As mentioned , the allocation of AM stations represents a balance between protection against interference and the provision of opportunity for an adequate number of stations . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But you '' -- she began . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shivered in the warm cockpit . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had spoken to Mrs. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hot dogs , man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Disputes Stans column business scandal views (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Was it my equipment '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Those of us present , the Perry brothers , Deslonde and the other midshipmen now have the responsibility of the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Indeed no . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our lifeboat was filling rapidly and despite what I had heard of the inhabitants of Eromonga , I was glad to see a long and graceful outrigger manned by three bronzed girls glide out of a lagoon into the open sea and toward our craft . (Filtered Words: 0)
Things like `` When You're Smiling '' , `` Almost Like Being In Love '' , `` Do It Again '' , `` Born To Wander '' , `` Alone Together '' , `` Who Cares ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel gave me a direct , bright-eyed look . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they had licked the last of the wieners' taste from their fingers , they settled back , and Cappy offered [FILTERED] a cigarette . (Filtered Words: 1)
What is missing is work that would answer , presumably by the use of survey methods and Guttman-type attitude scales , such questions as these : What are the components of the feeling-state described as alienation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
only -- it did not . (Filtered Words: 0)
One item in this unhappy scheme was to have Germany policed exclusively by its continental neighbors , among whom only the Soviet Union possessed real military strength . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he discusses tyrants in the Eighth Book of The Republic , he pictures the poets as willing to praise the worst rulers . (Filtered Words: 0)
A skilled worker on the assembly line , for example , earns $37 a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See Chapter 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I feel that few burglars would be prone to break and enter into someone's apartment if they were met with a good hardy growl that a dog would provide . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concierge called out to them as they were passing through the foyer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps the mere fact that by plucking on the nerves nature can awaken in the most ordinary of us , temporarily anyway , the sleeping poet , and in poets can discover their immortality , is the most remarkable of all the remarkable phenomena to which we can attest ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In short , the book , based largely on lectures delivered at Harvard University , is both reliable and readable ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Although it was a mere fragment of the victim's remains , it was enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
That done , I told [FILTERED] to take her patient back to bed and again put her out of my mind . (Filtered Words: 1)
In upper teen Jewish life , the non-college group tends to have a sense of marginality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plants (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hey , this is pretty close to a wart-hog '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They entered the bedroom , and Dolores said nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
First intercourse for the bride brings with it the various problems connected with virginity and the hymen . (Filtered Words: 0)
the outer life of congregations -- the suitability of the environment to their survival -- will be propitious so long as the people in the area are of the same social and economic level as the membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , as already noted , the Court proceeded on the assumption that the executives involved in the dealings between Du Pont and General Motors acted `` honorably and fairly '' and exercised their business judgment only to serve what they deemed the best interests of their own companies . (Filtered Words: 0)
congregational membership , however , is another thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
As if this was a signal , Poet abruptly began to thrash the water and the quick movement slowly made them sink through the water . (Filtered Words: 0)
it intimated that the folks at home would never know about it , and , therefore , why not ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been speaking of this archipelago : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sit down , sit down '' , Eddie said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He showed us how he dealt with his enemies : he executed them before TV cameras . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. March , like [FILTERED] , was a clergyman , although of an indeterminate denomination ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The experts are thus forced to hypothesize sequences of events that have never occurred , probably never will -- but possibly might . (Filtered Words: 0)
His strong opposition to the transfer of Negro children to schools outside their own neighborhood , in the interest of integration , will be attacked by Negro leaders who have fought for , and achieved , this open or permissive enrollment . (Filtered Words: 0)
use slip to join . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only chance of renovation is to open our eyes and see the mess . (Filtered Words: 0)
Add enough warmed cream , seasoned to taste with onion juice , to about half cover the chicken breasts . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted to ask her about Jenkins now , but he knew he couldn't do so in [FILTERED]'s presence . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of course , it goes without saying that no student of ideas can justifiably ignore the contemporary scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stopped automatically at the street corners , waiting for the traffic lights to change , unheeding of other people , his coat open and flapping . (Filtered Words: 0)
I meant him no harm . (Filtered Words: 0)
The distance between where she stood and where [FILTERED] waited at the outside door was a hundred miles . (Filtered Words: 1)
Still , he had liked the way she had looked , in a fresh , neat cotton dress -- citron yellow , if he remembered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now there is no reason in the world why a matchmaker in Ireland should happen also to be a talented soft-shoe dancer and gifted improviser of movements of the limbs , torso and neck , except that these talents add immensely to the enjoyment of the play . (Filtered Words: 0)
The content of that psychological status determines , ultimately , the content of civilization . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a waterfall and all that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The company incurred some $10 million of expenses attributable to four factors : advertising to attract new employees , hiring and training them , extra overtime , and defective work performed by the new workers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Woven fabrics to be dried by procedure b ( flat-bed pressed ) or restored by procedure 3 ( hand ironing ) : (Filtered Words: 0)
She said that proved she wasn't to be trusted with a fire in her room , and she could be burned to a crisp without anybody knowing it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Generally , states reserve for communities the right to have local ordinances regulating speed and other activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know nothing of any plot , if there is such a thing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The size of Saud's family was still being debated when the King appeared for his first meeting with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Let us focus on an atom of calcium from the tip of the bone of my finger and let us suppose that I swallow a magic Alice In Wonderland growing pill . (Filtered Words: 0)
by now it was perhaps two days or longer after Papa had begun hemorrhaging . (Filtered Words: 0)
It comes and goes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or was it her own first ball as mistress of this big house , a Van Rensselaer bride from way upstate near Albany , from Rensselaerwyck . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] , world-famous theologian and medical missionary , has endorsed an Easter March for Disarmament which begins tomorrow in Sunnyvale . (Filtered Words: 1)
The criterion score used in the statistical analysis is an index of over- or under-achievement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Immediately thereafter , the patient fractures her rehearsed story , veering into an oversoft , breathy , sloppily articulated , `` I don't feel like talking right now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 360 degrees of horizon it obscured only a degree , no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
He whirled about suddenly . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the dwindling built-soap powders as well as soap flakes and granules , none of which are now nationally advertised . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knows that the economy of life in the `` outback '' is awful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Labor relations have been transformed , income security has become a standardized feature of political platforms , and all the many facets of the American version of the welfare state have become part of the conventional wisdom . (Filtered Words: 0)
as I understand it , Mr. [FILTERED] wanted outside advice . (Filtered Words: 1)
If you elect to use the Standard Deduction or the Tax Table , and later find you should have itemized your deductions , you may do so by filing an amended return within the time prescribed for filing a claim for refund . (Filtered Words: 0)
And is the sport really important ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A catalogue is available on request . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have heard that after seeing Mr. [FILTERED]'s work it will be virtually impossible to deny the artistic validity and importance of the whole abstract movement . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps you would like to become a writer . (Filtered Words: 0)
age may be idealistic , believing and much given to professions of optimism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet if Washington gets too indignant about Soviet fallout , it will have to do a lot of fast footwork if America decides it too must start pushing up the radiation count . (Filtered Words: 0)
trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Fear of the competition -- always a great motivating force in the American economy -- makes retailers who do not have suburban operations exaggerate both the volume and the profitability of their rival's shiny new branches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every morning early , in the summer , we searched the trunks of the trees as high as we could reach for the locust shells , carefully detached their hooked claws from the bark where they hung , and stabled them , a weird faery herd , in an angle between the high roots of the tulip tree , where no grass grew in the dense shade . (Filtered Words: 0)
He named this opening , between Baffin Island and Labrador , the `` Furious Overfall '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new fact the initiates of this cult have to learn is that they must move toward simplicity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hauling up , [FILTERED] listened carefully . (Filtered Words: 1)
But I refuse to be brutally honest and mention Chief Crazy Horse and his Five Colts '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After this form of Indian Buddhism had been introduced into China , it underwent extensive changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , tiring of so monotonous a form of exercise , they decided to dance instead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nuclear weapons are fearsome , but the long-range ballistic missile gives them a stealth and merciless swiftness which is much more terrifying . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shade trees , too , are a big help , so keep them if you can . (Filtered Words: 0)
A simpler method was to tie a thread tightly around the wart at its base and wear it this way . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll think it over '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , so far as its territorial objectives were concerned , the campaign was successful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Le rouge et le noir . (Filtered Words: 0)
The prospects look great . (Filtered Words: 0)
We know that no one who is born of God commits sin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Buckets were filled , the herd fed and watered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Put them all together and they spell out the only four-letter word I can think of : dull . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` if it didn't prevail mankind would still be given the opportunity of prevailing '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The seventh man was [FILTERED] , a wiry little puncher with a wild streak and a liking for hell-raising . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1890 when the trip to Europe and the Holy Land was arranged for Miss Packard , it was Miss Upton who planned the trip , and `` with rare executive ability '' bore the brunt of `` the entire pilgrimage from beginning to end '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Plenary Indulgence under the usual conditions is granted once a month for the daily reading '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was blonde , and young , and nice and round in a tight white dress . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bon jour '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In the absence of a truly adequate conceptuality in which the gospel can be expressed , the unavoidable need to demythologize it makes use of whatever resources are at hand -- and this usually means one or another of the various forms of `` folk religion '' current in the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I hate to leave my garden '' , Gavin said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The game was resumed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine reached up a hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the image of man has suffered complete fragmentation in personal and spiritual qualities , and complete objectification in sub-human and quasi-mechanistic powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] yelled . (Filtered Words: 1)
In order to exonerate himself , he is compelled to find the real criminal , who happens to be his girl friend . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Jumping Jerusalem ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The most primitive feelings are rudimentary value feelings , both positive and negative : a desire to appropriate this or that part of the environment into oneself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not within the jurisdiction of anybody or anything , including Providence and Massachusetts . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] hadn't stumbled on it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Caution : (Filtered Words: 0)
And he could recognize , by touch alone , articles which he had handled immediately before , even though they were altogether unfamiliar to him and could not be identified by him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can't go in that way '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Heart-measuring techniques (Filtered Words: 0)
The man had come floundering aboard the flat-bottomed barge at the last instant , brandishing the flag of truce . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the end we ran into Communist artillery fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
This grew into the song `` Big Time Comin' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Island of Nantucket , part of the State of Massachusetts , lies about thirty-one miles southeast of its mother State . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Directly opposite is the emperor's door , through which they entered the building . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girls are charming children and the men are wonderfully vital and engaging youngsters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The conclusion upon this record is inescapable that such likelihood was proved as to this acquisition . (Filtered Words: 0)
These cells were thawed at 37-degrees-C for 30 min and were deglycerolized by alternately centrifuging and mixing with descending concentrations of glycerol solutions ( 20 , 18 , 10 , 8 , 4 and 2% ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
It changes the answers on builder-dealer relations . (Filtered Words: 0)
No group can contribute more to the success of the program than the editors and publishers of the Inter-American Press Association . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time he was making no mistake . (Filtered Words: 0)
The research center of the University's School of Business and Public Administration is prepared to undertake the analysis Dr. [FILTERED] has been talking about . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'm calling you , Mr. [FILTERED] , at the request of Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
There were no words to say this but there was no need . (Filtered Words: 0)
She showed her surprise by tightening the reins and moving the gelding around so that she could get a better look at his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
This lofty disregard for others was not shared by such men as [FILTERED] and his associates , that `` brilliant group of mediocre men '' , as Powicke calls them , who provided the brains for the French embassy that came to Rome under the nominal leadership of the archbishop of Narbonne , the duke of [FILTERED] , and the count of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` I know . (Filtered Words: 0)
More people were passing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The making of distinctions , like the perception of the great distinctions made , is an inordinately difficult business . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he took off his wet boots and dropped down into the water to talk with the beasts , needing their comfort more than they needed his . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the slow buildup , the essence of a policy or a man is concealed under embroidered details , fine words , strutting gestures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't build from the outside in -- try to build from the inside out (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have been a good excuse for his being there at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finding peaceful coexistence temporarily unsuitable because of domestic politics , Moscow resumed scowling and `` Smilin' [FILTERED] '' dropped quietly out of the press except for an occasional story reporting that he had been stoned somewhere in the Middle West . (Filtered Words: 1)
Improvements (Filtered Words: 0)
The tide turns (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] noted long ago that religion as `` a unified system of beliefs and practices relative to sacred things unites into one single moral community all those who adhere to them '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'll choke '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experiment without the two-class property . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've been there a number of times . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new spirit , so well illustrated by Mr. [FILTERED]'s work , is wholly free of this anxiety . (Filtered Words: 1)
Adler , Judge [FILTERED]'s nephew , came to study Assyriology . (Filtered Words: 1)
He treats it with a mythological , universal application . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor [FILTERED] said last night he plans to name a committee to make the study and come up with recommendations for possible changes in time for the next session of the General Assembly . (Filtered Words: 1)
When this proposal was made , [FILTERED] spoke with stronger emotion than at any other time during the Conference . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why does the story affect us ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ambition , it appeared , was to carve out his name with bullets alongside those of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] had sworn he would stop him . (Filtered Words: 4)
If the Stearns were not there , grace would be omitted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Specific dates would be important , as would double names . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] very kindly let me drive through Sante Fe to a road which would , she said , lead us to [FILTERED] and then Raton and `` eventshahleh '' out of New Mexico . (Filtered Words: 2)
She helped him with the dishes , then he brought more water in from the spring before it got dark . (Filtered Words: 0)
One pass only . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Coolidges did not always live at the White House during the Presidency . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is that autistic people don't enjoy physical contact with others -- for instance , my children and I . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Multiply result obtained in item 7 above , by result obtained in item 6 above . (Filtered Words: 0)
One such man was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The others followed [FILTERED] inside . (Filtered Words: 1)
They earnestly desire to do the will of God . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] investigator last summer and now it's Inspector Jed . (Filtered Words: 1)
There had been reading at table , especially from two books , Pope Gregory The Great's account of St. Scholastica in his [FILTERED] and my own The World Of Washington Irving . (Filtered Words: 1)
Any example of grand or exquisite diction may have been created by the poet who compiled numerous lays into the two works we possess or may be due to one of his completely unknown fellow-craftsmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
For these crimes he was sentenced to be hanged in public on Friday , December 2 , 1859 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , semi-professionally . (Filtered Words: 0)
Joel knew what he was about , however . (Filtered Words: 0)
The double meaning in the anatomical made it a familiar vaudeville device , as in the gags of Weber and Fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some members of the organization called attention also to the article on hymns of inspiration , the Daily Prayer and Three Minutes A Day , as being very helpful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under her father's influence it did not occur to Henrietta that she might write on subjects outside the Jewish field , but she did begin writing for other Anglo-Jewish papers and thus increased her output and her audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
These differences in turn result from the fact that my Yokuts vocabularies were built up of terms selected mainly to insure unambiguity of English meaning between illiterate informants and myself , within a compact and uniform territorial area , but that Hoijer's vocabulary is based on Swadesh's second glottochronological list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just let me outta here '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
The nuclear war is already being fought , except that the bombs are not being dropped on enemy targets -- not yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is his privilege . (Filtered Words: 0)
To summarize , it may be said that there is no one prevailing practice in Rhode Island with respect to the taxation of movable property , that assessors would like to see an improvement , and of those who have an opinion , that assessment by the town of location is preferred on the basis of their present knowledge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence it is difficult to conceive of a packing of the atoms in this material in which the oxygen atoms are far from geometrical equivalence . (Filtered Words: 0)
If asked how she gets her impressions , she probably can only say that she `` just gets them '' -- some more vividly than others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tack-solder all the 1/2'' '' sq. pieces to the 10'' '' and 12'' '' members . (Filtered Words: 0)
At Stettin the university-educated artist , who had studied German , was chosen to serve as interpreter and clerk in the office of the Stalag commander . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sister '' , said he `` do you think people who commit suicide go to heaven '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The last six months , sir ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Many patent contests were waged over automobile components and accessories , among them tires , detachable rims , ball bearings , license brackets , and electric horns . (Filtered Words: 0)
They did not have the wit to follow the stars in their courses , to exchange names with each other , to harvest the experience of each for the wisdom of all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check its inhibitor effectiveness before leaving it in during the summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
and `` cannot say '' if they were not certain . (Filtered Words: 0)
One thing was certain -- his method was effective , so effective that after a time even the warning notices were often unnecessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll have one of the boys get it '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two poets are paired on each record , in the order given above . (Filtered Words: 0)
His hands lay loosely , yet stiffly -- they were like wax hands : almost lifelike , not quite -- folded in his lap ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The rubber and glass face mask slipped from Poet's forehead , bounced painlessly off Nick's chin , then disappeared . (Filtered Words: 0)
This kind of cooperation is not wholly new , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
The old ideal of the independent entrepreneur is extant -- but so is the recognition that the main chance may be in a corporate bureaucracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alfred wanted to invest in my father's hotel and advance enough money to build a larger place . (Filtered Words: 0)
People in this position do not offend the master by relating his peccadilloes to the newspapers . (Filtered Words: 0)
that the enrollment showed an increase of boarding students as was desired ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His image of the Virgin had always been that of a young woman , even as had his memory of his mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
The classroom teacher cannot be expected to be as proficient in the use of the techniques of child study as the clinical psychologist ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Zeitgeist is not crazy as a loon or mad as a March hare ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
By monitoring , we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two women , who had been chattering like parrots , were struck dumb . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most important quality of the meanings is that they should be as definable as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
A close friend of hers in the Roman days described it this way : (Filtered Words: 0)
The hounds of hell search out their quarry in Apollo's sanctuary as they do in the tent of [FILTERED] 3 . (Filtered Words: 1)
He jumped . (Filtered Words: 0)
To each paired vertex and diagonal point there corresponds a unique forward corner point , i.e. , the corner on C reached first by proceeding along C from the vertex in the direction of increasing T . (Filtered Words: 0)
Expansion , modernization , and development of fire control to a proficiency and strength of force which will prevent as many fires as possible and suppress fires before they spread beyond permitted standards . (Filtered Words: 0)
Multiply the population of each State by the square of its allotment percentage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last night the Mayor visited Mr. [FILTERED] at the Bronx leader's home for a discussion of the situation . (Filtered Words: 1)
For that legend was growing explosively , Rumor was insisting he received a price of $600 a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
After heavy rains and an onslaught of mice , snow fell on October 15 , 1825 , and remained on the ground through a winter so cold that the ice on the Red was five feet thick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ball games , especially football , required some attention , and other organized sports may have attracted him as participant or spectator . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last thing I remember is a bar in San Diego '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
The Commission shall , as soon as possible , and in the order of the making of such awards , certify to the Secretary of the Treasury and to the Secretary of State copies of the awards made in favor of the Government of the United States or of nationals of the United States under this Title . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hauled back on the stick and felt his cheeks sag . (Filtered Words: 0)
I need your support , your criticism , your encouragement , your prayers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What reason did she give '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The conscience is non-existent in the 2-year-old . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Angels in turn would exercise similar restraints in respect for the natural preferences and natures of the Earthmen -- but they had no faintest notion of man's perverse habit of passing and enforcing laws which were contrary to his own preferences and violations of his nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Adams was one of the first to suggest that this human incompetence was the only motivating factor behind religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
One growth center in a short bone -- distal phalanx of the second finger -- was chosen as an example for discussion here , primarily because epiphyseal-diaphyseal fusion , the maturity indicator for Completion in long and short bones , occurs in this center for girls near the menarche and for boys near their comparable pubescent stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
He never knew how he got there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outside surface of the solid units shall be of an exterior grade of panel board such as plywood , plastic coated panel board , high density particle board , asbestos-cement board , or any other product locally obtainable upon recommendation of your building supply dealer . (Filtered Words: 0)
An exhibit , `` Macropathology -- An Ancient Art , A New Science '' , was presented at the annual meeting of the American Medical Association . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s wit and wisdom , his profound insight into human nature , have stood the test of centuries . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] felt more wretched than she had ever dreamed Bobbie's death could move her to feeling . (Filtered Words: 1)
Neither are beds , thanks to air mattresses and sleeping bags . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are boxed proclamations in the newspaper of watchings , pinnings , ringings , engagements , and marriages in a scrupulously graded hierarchy of felicity . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I got a hundred and sixty dollars for the hepatitis fund '' , she said excitedly when he walked in . (Filtered Words: 0)
The discovery that movies are a form of fiction was made in the early years of this century and it was made chiefly by two men , a French magician , [FILTERED] , and an American employee of Edison , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
And it was not Pile of Clouds she meant . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the vertex at Af , these values will be denoted by Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The survivors emerge on some nice , sunny day in March or April , when the temperature is close to 50-degrees and there is not too much wind . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know it's not part of the bargain , and your elders might not like it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The appointment was announced at a news conference at which [FILTERED] said he would retain two members of Shaw's staff -- [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
At no time was it implied by the experimenter that the subject's initial reaction was deviant . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can't wander along in the dark , can you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My God , it was cold today '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
And when they stood by the fountain in the piazza looking at Santa Maria he had to keep a straight face , not letting on he had been there with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Factors involved in the displacement formula are the bore diameter of the engine's cylinders , the length of the piston stroke , the number of cylinders in the engine , and a constant . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just let me meet up with that damned bushwhackin' coward face-to-face '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I might point out that your inability to report to my office this morning when you were instructed to do so has not ah limited my knowledge of your activities as you may have hoped '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
So did Poet . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have been exactly the same to them if I had read through all twenty-six volumes of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] decried the high rate of unemployment in the state and said the [FILTERED] administration and the Republican-controlled State Senate `` Must share the blame for this '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
The prospects look great . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] tried . (Filtered Words: 1)
today ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
During World War 2 , , doctors in The Netherlands and Scandinavia noted a curious fact : despite the stresses of Nazi occupation , the death rate from coronary artery disease was slowly dropping . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it gave [FILTERED] a fund of energy like that of a person inspired to complete some great and universal work of art . (Filtered Words: 1)
His father would come upstairs and stand self-consciously at the foot of the bed and look at his son . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 1 ) Below the critical micelle concentration , monomers and some dimers are present . (Filtered Words: 0)
After 18 years in the personnel office , she has taken a disability pension on advice of her doctors . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the ancestral lore , however , new materials were added . (Filtered Words: 0)
she could be sure of that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grab a taxi '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was juvenile ridicule . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Big favor I done you . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED] became exasperated with Lumumba and fired him . (Filtered Words: 1)
In an emergency he would receive available intelligence on the `` gold-phone circuit '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Careful , now '' , [FILTERED] warned . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Really , Winston . (Filtered Words: 0)
I got into the front seat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten after nine . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It depends on the widow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The capital budget , for construction of permanent improvements , becomes an appropriating document instead of just a calendar of pious promises ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
it was merely another part of his weakness . (Filtered Words: 0)
To whom will the generals stay loyal ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
place in sauce . (Filtered Words: 0)
She used to tell me , `` When I stand there and look at the flag blowing this way and that way , I have the wonderful , safe feeling that Americans are protected no matter which way the wind blows '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] knew none of this . (Filtered Words: 1)
instead of a necktie he wore a leather bolo drawn through a golden ring in which was set a lump of pale pure jade . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not , thought [FILTERED] , such an evil place after all . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is a remarkable book and an astonishingly interesting one . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you substitute ' atom ' for ' angel ' , the problem is not insoluble , given the metallic content of the pin in question '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Six o'clock ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Here is where things stand today : (Filtered Words: 0)
To enable students and the public to spot [FILTERED] forgeries , the Delaware Art Center ( according to its director , [FILTERED] ) will maintain a complete file of photographs of all [FILTERED] works , as well as a card index file . (Filtered Words: 3)
I saw then , too , the stake driven straight and hard into the plowed soil , through something there where I had been not long before . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He paused , then added , `` Everything on a ship is a weapon . (Filtered Words: 0)
You want me to call her '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The sharp cries at the end of the valley were faint . (Filtered Words: 0)
Connection is sought (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has philosophy , psychology , and religion ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He saw the ground coming up -- and the stranger's head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently the feeling is that anything more would be involvement in technical abstrusenesses of possible pedantic interest but of no visible significance in practical affairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only then did he decide he didn't want one . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were two methods that could have been used for conducting the study within the resources available : ( 1 ) interviews in depth with a few selected companies , and ( 2 ) the more limited interrogation of a large number of companies by means of a mail questionnaire . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a fortunate time in which to build , for the seventeenth century was a great period in Persian art . (Filtered Words: 0)
If it were primarily a believing fellowship , it would recruit believers from all social and economic ranks , something which most congregations of the New Protestantism ( with a few notable exceptions ) have not been able to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe I could '' , he said , surprised that she could turn from herself and notice anything about him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lack of awareness usually springs from deep but disguised anxiety , often assuming the superficial guise of `` not knowing '' or `` not caring '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
All but the most rabid of Confederate flag wavers admit that the Old Southern tradition is defunct in actuality and sigh that its passing was accompanied by the disappearance of many genteel and aristocratic traditions of the reputedly languid ante-bellum way of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the hut to which I was assigned -- [FILTERED] had his own quarters -- my food was brought to me by a wrinkled crone with bare drooping breasts who seemed to enjoy conversing with me in rudimentary phrases . (Filtered Words: 1)
With justified bitterness the author speaks of `` what seems to me to have been an inexcusable body of ignorance about the nature of the Russian Communist movement , about the history of its diplomacy , about what had happened in the purges , and about what had been going on in Poland and the Baltic States '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Construction bonds (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , under the impact of his wife's disclosures , he was brought suddenly to the realization that there was a limit to tolerance , however brilliant , however far-famed the offender might be . (Filtered Words: 0)
This did not mean that married students could not enroll in other `` mixed '' sections , and some of them , largely because of scheduling difficulties , did . (Filtered Words: 0)
This happened in the middle of a drinking bout with another bum . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other awards for Juniors (Filtered Words: 0)
His bust shows an intense , mustached , fine-featured face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Utopian communism applies to all Utopians . (Filtered Words: 0)
I want you here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within about an hour with the help of reports from seismic stations in Alaska , Arizona and California , the quake's epicenter was placed at 51 degrees North latitude and 158 degrees East longitude . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's all right , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Oh yes '' , Mama laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fresh crop of beginners' guns showed up in 1961 , and they're good bets for your Christmas gift list if you're wondering what to get for a youngster . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What did you think about his mental state '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A team for useful research . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] will move into the post being vacated by [FILTERED] , earlier named Attorney General to succeed [FILTERED] , who will be elevated to an associate judgeship on the Maryland Court of Appeals . (Filtered Words: 3)
As an added suggestion to balance the budget , the Government could sell advertising space on the Washington Monument . (Filtered Words: 0)
Search as he might , he could find no place where the Bible spoke of a moment when [FILTERED] could have been alone with Jesus . (Filtered Words: 1)
At last he said , `` Well , thank you for calling , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even he does not know the one signal for a nuclear strike -- the `` go code '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No good way to evaluate teaching ability has yet been discovered , although some institutions use inventory sheets for a list of criteria . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rural land use study is being carried out under contract by the University of Rhode Island and identifies all agricultural land uses in the state by type of use . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had the unspoken support of President-elect [FILTERED] , whose own legislative program was menaced by the Rules Committee bottleneck . (Filtered Words: 1)
The only other regions so blessed are the British Isles , western Europe , eastern China , southern Chile and parts of Japan , New Zealand and Tasmania . (Filtered Words: 0)
Camels in Tripoli had harelips . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jones sighed as if relieved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , he was now forty-three years old . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll take the middle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since a gentleman must , if possible , avoid sullying them by work , his hands , as importantly as his accent , become the index of social status . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wasn't only different -- he was it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her thick hair was the color and texture of charcoal . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a trend today to bemoan the fact that Americans are too `` soft '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is it a woman '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
While [FILTERED] cited the anticipated increase in school costs in answer to a direct question from a taxpayer , the impact upon a school system does not have to be measured only in increased taxes to find alarm in uncontrolled growth . (Filtered Words: 1)
To do so , something was necessary beyond volunteering because there was little glamour or romance in the European war ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] generally was the forerunner of what would happen elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 1)
Actively modernizing societies (Filtered Words: 0)
The pretty little twittering WACS said he had the look of eagles -- and [FILTERED] , hating the cliche , had to admit that in this case it applied . (Filtered Words: 1)
Implementation of Georgia's automobile title law was also recommended by the outgoing jury . (Filtered Words: 0)
The oxen might as well enjoy it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heading for the batwings , Cobb glanced perfunctorily through the nearest window , and suddenly dodged aside . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , in a fit of despair , takes Alicia and runs off for two marvelous weeks in Burbank ( Fink calls it `` the most wonderful and lovely fourteen days in my whole life '' ) , at the end of which Alicia tragically contracts Parkinson's disease and dies . (Filtered Words: 1)
Though , to be sure , we gave [FILTERED] no very positive approval in the margin of his preferment . (Filtered Words: 1)
The two fluids which gave the small negative pressures were polybutenes with molecular weights which were stated to be 520 and 300 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now all he had to do was finish in even par to collect the trophy and the biggest single paycheck in golf . (Filtered Words: 0)
A binomial experiment can produce random variables other than the number of successes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four parties are given a year . (Filtered Words: 0)
The diagonalizable operator D and the nilpotent operator N are uniquely determined by ( A ) and ( B ) and each of them is a polynomial in T . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is also the climax to one of the absorbing chapters in our current political history . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attorneys for the eight other defendants said only that there was no proof of their clients' guilt . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] became indispensable ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
In turn , higher fertility rates for this population provide a means of increasing the numerical quantity of the population , allowing for the possibility of greater stability and unity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Underlying these conceptions of mimesis are certain presuppositions concerning the nature of primary human experience which require some exposition before the main argument can proceed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oso '' , [FILTERED] called `` I'll get Gray Eyes '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Let me say at the outset that the music sounded as sparkling on the last playing as it did on the first . (Filtered Words: 0)
121 - 137 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather , such assignments are made , as they must be , on the basis of certain overall rules and standards , representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem , taking into account for each situation some of the variables ( e.g. , power and station separations ) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only means of interior light is the twenty-nine-foot-wide aperture in the stupendous dome . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its upkeep ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where there was no road , they lived without one . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , since they have rejected both narrative and emotional continuity , how are they to unify the impressive array of materials at their disposal ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The ocean presently co-operates with the target . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had worked in the newspaper business since he was nineteen years old , always for the Hearst service . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly , any line , l , of any bundle having one of these points of tangency , T , as vertex will be transformed into the entire pencil having the image of the second intersection of L and Q as vertex and lying in the plane determined by the image point and the generator of Af which is tangent to **zg at T . (Filtered Words: 0)
The demand for the industry's product (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside St. Sophia I walked through the flower garden in front of it , with the Blue Mosque ahead on my left . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] officiated , and the bride was given in marriage by her father . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Yankee triumph made [FILTERED] only the third man to lead a team to both a pennant and a World Series victory in his first year as a manager . (Filtered Words: 1)
For outdoor signs and displays , acrylic , with its outstanding optical characteristics , weather resistance and formability , strongly dominates the picture . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Rev. [FILTERED] of Texas City officiated and Charles Pabor and Mrs. [FILTERED] presented music . (Filtered Words: 2)
We've never been refused ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
We are already committed to establishing man's supremacy over nature and everywhere on earth , not merely in the limited social-political-economical context we are fond of today . (Filtered Words: 0)
Returning to the school crossing , the officer was informed by the Sisk boy that he recognized the driver , a neighbor , and had obtained the license number . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the ball-hawking defensive expert , was cited for his performance against Bradley in St. Louis U.'s nationally televised victory . (Filtered Words: 1)
8,280 attend races (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was quietly insistent . (Filtered Words: 1)
Clerfayt , transported , may think of the engine driving his car as `` a mystical beast under the hood '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just let the rejection slips fall where they may , and keep on plugging , and finally you will make the grade . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] pushed blindly through Snake Creek Gap in a potentially decisive movement , the only cavalry in his van was the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry , totally inadequate for its role . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now they learn that men can change their surroundings , through their traditional village elders , without violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The route to the park may lead people past them or display views of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us therefore put first things first , and make sure of preserving the human race at whatever the temporary price may be '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the extent that a language is formulaic , its individual components must be regarded as no more distinguished than other cliches . (Filtered Words: 0)
And here all the time you knew the Sioux would be using our rifles on them ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He merely became victimized by a form of athletics that respects no one and aggravates all . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you can keep her here that long '' , [FILTERED] said wryly . (Filtered Words: 1)
and among works of dystopian science fiction , not all provide intelligent criticism and very few have much merit as literature -- but then real quality has always been scarce in science fiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now cut five Af locking bar spacers ( which run horizontally ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
An assumption of youth , or the presence of a few youthful characteristics , deceives no more successfully than rouge or dyed hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
For southeastern Louisiana , Mobile was the principal post , and it was to furnish supplies for trade to the north and east , in the region threatened by British traders . (Filtered Words: 0)
) hung on a hook on the wall , and underneath it I could see his tie , knotted , ready to be slipped over his head , a black badge of frayed respectability that ought never to have left his neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sounds from the quarry began to pulse in her ears . (Filtered Words: 0)
The herd was watered and then thrown onto a broad grass flat which was to be the first night's bedground . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a land of long fjords , few people , a single-lane road miles away -- and of wild stags , Greylag geese , wild swans , dolphins and porpoises playing in the waters . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the top a uniformed officer blocked further progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But after a time away from you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The steeple leaned backward , while the church advanced like a headless creature in a long , shapeless coat . (Filtered Words: 0)
The child with high anxiety may first direct his anxiety-released energy toward achievement , but because his distress severely reduces the abilities of discrimination and memorization of complex symbols , the child may fail in his initial attempts to master the problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their book , American Skyline , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] argue that [FILTERED] New Deal was what made the modern suburb a possibility -- a fine ironical argument , when you consider how suburbanites tend to vote . (Filtered Words: 3)
The argon flow from commercial bottles was regulated by a pressure regulator and measured with a gas flow rator . (Filtered Words: 0)
She couldn't see any reason why [FILTERED] would attempt to frighten her . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Let's get one thing straight , you and me . (Filtered Words: 0)
auto , the Sport-King , in two grades -- field and special ( less than $45 and just over $45 , respectively ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
indeed , that it would be limited to a finding of the total annual operating and capital costs of the business , followed by a calculation of this total in terms of annual cost per kilowatt-hour of consumption . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its windows glowed with lamplight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why and when should tooth-straightening be undertaken ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Greek evidently fell for her , `` Monsieur X '' recounted , and to clinch what he thought was an affair in the making he gave her 100,000 francs ( about $300 ) and led her to the roulette tables . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a word , plenty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her statement certainly was true ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Their national leader , [FILTERED] of Norborne , Mo. , says the Minutemen believe that guerrilla tactics are best suited to defeat the Red onslaught . (Filtered Words: 1)
Last Friday the White House announced : (Filtered Words: 0)
That was another one of those traps . (Filtered Words: 0)
The objective is to achieve sufficient effectiveness of control on all of the area now under treatment plus the additional acres so that after the initial period only maintenance control will be needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , the man had no family , so no one suffered , and everybody was better off for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] crumbled the script in his fist . (Filtered Words: 1)
Galatians 15 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outstanding example was in [FILTERED] And The Thousand , where he made use of unpublished papers of Lord [FILTERED] and English consular materials to reveal the motives which led the British government to permit [FILTERED] to cross the Straits of Messina . (Filtered Words: 3)
First , for any value of T for which all values of f{t} are ordinary points the number of values of f{t} must be odd . (Filtered Words: 0)
instead of seeing objects in space , it sees nothing more than -- a picture . (Filtered Words: 0)
She came back the other day to reassure me . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had cursed at them and threatened them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Vienna meeting will bring together a seasoned , 67-year-old veteran of the cold war who , in Mr. [FILTERED]'s own words , is `` shrewd , tough , vigorous , well-informed and confident '' , and a 44-year-old President ( his birthday is May 29 ) with a demonstrated capacity for political battle but little experience in international diplomacy . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was at that party that , finally overcoming my timidity , inspired by tales only half-understood and overheard among older boys , I asked [FILTERED] to spend New Year's Eve with me . (Filtered Words: 1)
The audience filled all the seats inside the Wollman enclosure and overflowed onto the lawns outside the fence . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why can't I , Doctor '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Tilghman's clenched fist swept over in a terrific right cross and clipped the big gunfighter on the side of his chin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wide range in bids (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] slid open the door to the lobby . (Filtered Words: 1)
The sections were then washed with PBS for 15 - 30 minutes and mounted in buffered glycerine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern postal slogan (Filtered Words: 0)
She'd found one and she hadn't said a word while Big [FILTERED] and I had hunted and hunted as we always did all winter , every winter since the spring that [FILTERED] had come and I had looked in the privy and found the first one . (Filtered Words: 1)
You want him to be a leader of men , like you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the whole this is an interesting and exceptionally well-written book . (Filtered Words: 0)
He never knew how he got there . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the exception of a few spots , Milhaud's music mostly churns away with his usual collection of ditties , odd harmonies , and lumbering , satiric orchestration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taxation of tangible movable property in Rhode Island has been generally of a `` hands off '' nature due possibly to several reasons : ( 1 ) local assessors , in the main , are not well paid and have inadequate office staffs , ( 2 ) the numerous categories of this component of personal property make locating extremely difficult , and ( 3 ) the inexperience of the majority of assessors in evaluating this type of property . (Filtered Words: 0)
The partition of India has hardly improved relations between Hindus and Muslims ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I grinned at Rachel . (Filtered Words: 0)
They also will visit properties on which appeals have been made . (Filtered Words: 0)
When improvements are recommended in working conditions -- such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , air-conditioning -- do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Even a neat , plastic-covered plunge is not exactly a joy to behold . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not like Boxell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or the surging whirling sounds of bats at night , when their black bodies dived into the blackness above and below the amber street lights . (Filtered Words: 0)
The background , which is available in various widths and continuous lengths , is extruded with parallel undercut grooves which grip the flexible letters securely . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was tall and dark-skinned , a half-breed , [FILTERED] thought . (Filtered Words: 1)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
He had better write a postcard to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He's been sick lately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Social control . (Filtered Words: 0)
The black [FILTERED] seemed to stare rigidly back at him and [FILTERED]'s eyes were caught by the [FILTERED]'s in fascination , and then [FILTERED] was shocked as , all at once , flames shot out from the sharp features of [FILTERED]'s face and there was a terrible metallic scraping sound , as if the large statue were about to burst from some pressure within it . (Filtered Words: 3)
If their schedules were to synchronize , there was no point in wasting time . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would rise in the well of the House , his chin upon his chest , his hands gripping the side of a desk , and the political and legislative chatter would subside into silence . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I mustn't start on Alice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the Communese reply came back from many mouthpieces with striking consistency . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't you worry . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cast : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Geely . (Filtered Words: 1)
Middle Atlantic states . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the times , he was sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like its long-lived cousin , the refrigerator , a conditioner can be expected to last 20 to 25 years or more . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is that elemental . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ephesians 2 : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've done several filmed commercials for '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
The New York Times editorialist wondered just who would stop Mr. [FILTERED] and make him write a book . (Filtered Words: 1)
Despite efforts by Washington last week to play down the significance of the meeting , it clearly was going to be one of the crucial encounters of the cold war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pohl and [FILTERED]'s ad men have long since thrown out appeals to reason and developed techniques of advertising which tie in with `` every basic trauma and neurosis in American life '' , which work on the libido of consumers , which are linked to the `` great prime motivations of the human spirit '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` People never live forever '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it is , they consider that the North is now reaping the fruits of excess egalitarianism , that in spite of its high standard of living the `` American way '' has been proved inferior to the English and Scandinavian ways , although they disapprove of the socialistic features of the latter . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was his own man , not an automatic obstructionist . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Sincere Christian love and understanding (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think [FILTERED] did right '' , Amy said firmly . (Filtered Words: 1)
specificity of staining (Filtered Words: 0)
You think that Highlands swindled you and I helped 'em do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hold his head up '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
elsewhere (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , sometimes it is used to describe felt human misery , and other times it is postulated to explain unfelt anxiety and discontent . (Filtered Words: 0)
My train arrived in Hiroshima at the awful hour of 4:45 a.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was furious , and Bolingbroke advised that the request be refused . (Filtered Words: 1)
Done by a professional decorator , Madden thought , and somehow as impersonal , as unremarkable as its occupant . (Filtered Words: 0)
The submarine has become increasingly attractive as an antisubmarine weapon system . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
He held the razor well out to one side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the composer uses a favorite device of his , the intensification of the mood through key relationships . (Filtered Words: 0)
There the objective sat , brooding over all . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is on them alone that the future of their race depends , for all their relatives ( mothers , husbands , brothers , and unmated sisters ) have perished with the arrival of the cold weather . (Filtered Words: 0)
and myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the third round of the tournament began on Saturday and the duel was resumed in earnest , it was [FILTERED]'s superior aggressiveness that carried him into the lead . (Filtered Words: 1)
Haney hoped that nobody noticed his sudden pallor , as he felt the blood drain from his cheeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably the most important thing to focus on is not the development of conscience , which may well be almost beyond the reach of literature , but the contents of conscience , the code which is imparted to the developed or immature conscience available . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each year from 1941 on , its medical staff had conducted intensive field investigations to determine changes in population structure and vital rates and , as its primary objective , the incidence of major diseases . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was in the war , he was in [FILTERED] or [FILTERED] or something like that , and an old buddy of his told me he would come down on Sundays to the Pentagon and read the citations for medals -- just like the one we sent in for Trig -- and go away with a real glow . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Not the least bit '' , [FILTERED] snapped . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Alumni Fund Report in September ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Beccaria had almost stumbled on a lead to the relationship between electricity and magnetism when a discharge from a Leyden jar was sent transversally through a piece of watch-spring steel making its ends magnetic . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dispatch must have been sent after sundown on September 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
One such event is the landing in Europe itself , when the mingled familiarity and strangeness of the Occident , after the blank immensities of Asia , shocks the returning traveller into a realization of the infinite possibilities of human life . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems to me , the first thing you've got to do , to be happy , is to face up to your problems , no matter what they may be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many years later I went to see S.K. in England , where he was living at Whiteleaf , near Aylesbury , and he showed me beside his cottage there the remains of the road on which Boadicea is supposed to have travelled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` positive state '' came into existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Need for service is here to stay -- and the problem is going to be tougher to solve in the sixties . (Filtered Words: 0)
A flight originating in Florida picked up guests on the East Coast and Midwest and a plane left from Seattle taking on passengers at West Coast points . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kind of neighborhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although it was only three o'clock , he stopped in at the Golden Calf . (Filtered Words: 0)
When these fields are surveyed together , important patterns of relationship emerge indicating a vast community of reciprocal influence , a continuity of thought and expression including many traditions , primarily literary , religious , and philosophical , but frequently including contact with the fine arts and even , to some extent , with science . (Filtered Words: 0)
Avant-garde choreographers , seeking new forms of continuity for their new vocabulary of movements , have turned to similar approaches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he asked to use the phone and called [FILTERED] , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o'clock . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each performance of an n-trial binomial experiment results in some whole number from 0 through N as the value of the random variable X , where Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it didn't take [FILTERED] , showman , long to realize that this sort of thing was par for the course at Newport and that you have to learn to live with it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Most of us remember and think of the Wagner-Peyser Act in its historical sense , as a major milestone in the development of public placement services . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get it out '' , [FILTERED] ordered . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since he possessed more power in an interdependent universe of living beings and dead spirits , the emperor had to use it for the benefit of the living . (Filtered Words: 0)
Progress is being made , too , in improving motorists' access to many turnpikes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude was neither hysterical nor silly and [FILTERED] rather doubted if she had ever been childish . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the tone of the editorials which greeted Mr. [FILTERED]'s original announcement of his running had been strangely disquieting . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then at last the darkness began to dissolve . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Neutral Tones '' is an excellent example of Hardy's mature style , drawn from his earliest productive period ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He scored a 4 for the embedded ball , a 3 with the provisional one . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Little boys crowded together on long wooden benches , and in the center of the room sat the teacher . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since Af and P divides Af for Af , we have Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , 13 , of [FILTERED] cooked the championship junior dollar dinner . (Filtered Words: 2)
Alternate locations exist for all key command centers . (Filtered Words: 0)
So hostile did these factions become that , among the Choctaws , civil war broke out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , it would be surprising if what one reads did not contribute to one's ideas of right and wrong ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One finds it difficult to pass censure on the lonely figure who waited for days for a saving word from his zealously served idol , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even D. A. Wasson , who compared The Emancipation Of Massachusetts to the lifting of a fog from ancient landscapes , was also forced to admit the methodological deficiencies of the author . (Filtered Words: 0)
samples (Filtered Words: 0)
There are more obvious nymphomaniacs on any private-eye series . (Filtered Words: 0)
Broadway (Filtered Words: 0)
Not more than a block or so '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drew back , embarrassed and pleased . (Filtered Words: 0)
If anti-Semitism was on trial in Jerusalem , why was it not identified , and with enough emphasis to capture the notice of the world press , in its connection with the activities of Eichmann's Department of Jewish Affairs , as exemplified by the betrayal and murder of Jews by non-police and non-party anti-Semites in Germany , as well as in Poland , Czechoslovakia , Hungary ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I assume that the number of readers of this anthology who regard themselves as morally perfect is small , and that most readers are willing to consider procedures by which they may gain more insight into themselves and better understanding of others . (Filtered Words: 0)
O'Banion's first conflict with the police came in 1909 , at seventeen , when he was committed to Bridewell Prison for three months for burglary ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Another swore by vinegar baths for burns , and still another recommended salted butter . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , one does not need to know very much . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't believe them . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the past these same Southerners were inclined to look the other way . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he had a feeling -- thanks to the girl -- that things would get worse before they got better . (Filtered Words: 0)
A visit in the early spring after a thaw will be very informative . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next time we saw him , he was a changed person ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It's getting interested in something that counts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does he care about things that matter to you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She's probably getting old -- crotchety , I mean -- and we figured uh-uh , better not . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't even seen him yet (Filtered Words: 0)
Once more he lifted Jess's gun from its holster , only this time he tossed it into the stall with the frightened buckskin . (Filtered Words: 0)
The effect was as depressing as a gravestone , the applause irresolute and short-lived . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lester's hand fluttered to Cabot's shoulder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though in civil rights legislation in 1957 and 1960 the provision for the Attorney General to act was eliminated , should we nevertheless support such a clause ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No signs of these , no gross hemorrhage of lungs , heart , brain or stomach '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was more than joy . (Filtered Words: 0)
A splendid vote of confidence in Thayer , [FILTERED] reflected . (Filtered Words: 1)
he had aged thirty years , and his face , the color of tallow , was crisscrossed with wrinkles , as though it had been wrapped in chicken wire . (Filtered Words: 0)
The door was locked . (Filtered Words: 0)
It should also make him desire to participate actively in civic , school and religious life of the community so that that phase of Newark will live up to the challenge presented by this exhibit . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were even better than those of Tokyo -- more spectacular and more imaginative . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Coolidges did not always live at the White House during the Presidency . (Filtered Words: 0)
It all went very well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now big forces buffet food . (Filtered Words: 0)
These people are practically always upper- or upper-middle-class persons , who attempt to act in what they regard as the interest of the entire society . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Jeep fought its way through the low spot and got onto higher ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] resolved this contradiction by ceasing to write mystery stories and turning to other pursuits . (Filtered Words: 1)
I assume that the number of readers of this anthology who regard themselves as morally perfect is small , and that most readers are willing to consider procedures by which they may gain more insight into themselves and better understanding of others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the telephoning began . (Filtered Words: 0)
But one night [FILTERED] moved in the direction of the women's lodge , where Shades of Night had gone to purify herself . (Filtered Words: 1)
we were also literary ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the provision of skywave service requires adequate freedom from interference , only class 1 , stations are capable of rendering skywave service . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girls in the market place wore long-sleeved dresses and covered their legs with cloth stockings . (Filtered Words: 0)
And that's another reason why it is imperative for us these days to conquer our fears , to develop the poise that promotes peace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once , pressing him , I learned that his job was only part-time , in the afternoons when nothing went on in the hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
The AAA then splits it down this way : $10.50 for meals , $9.50 for lodging , $7 for gas and oil , and $2 for tips and miscellaneous . (Filtered Words: 0)
During about three and a half months of the year , in the summer , there are three boats that run from the mainland to the Island carrying passengers , food , and cars ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I've got a little stashed for a rainy day , and I guess this is rainy enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
six days after war was declared he appointed [FILTERED] chairman of the Commission on Training Camp Activities ( the CTCA ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
A long evolution in an oral tradition caused the poetic language of the heroic age to be based upon formulas that show the important qualities of things , and these formulas are therefore potentially rather than always actually accurate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally , Mr. [FILTERED] and the other singers in his troupe are most charming and elegant when they are squarely in their tradition and singing music by their countrymen : [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
The time-span of little more than a month cannot entitle me to pose as an expert on anything I saw . (Filtered Words: 0)
This kid's froze bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
The apprentice program will involve further education on a part-time basis , usually at night , perhaps using some of the same equipment of the high school . (Filtered Words: 0)
The (Filtered Words: 0)
This `` family-community '' spirit is the real explanation of the marvel of our achievement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Friend or enemy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They predicted escalation , and escalation is what we are getting . (Filtered Words: 0)
But with all the changes in philosophy , dress and terrain -- a few things remain constant , including the devotion of Americans to the great field sports , hunting and fishing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The attackers sent for more soldiers , and the defenders , to save bloodshed , surrendered under the promise that they would be treated as neighbors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Important aspects of the [FILTERED] textile plans are these : (Filtered Words: 1)
For proper accreditation of schools , teachers in any course must have a degree at least one level above that for which the student is a candidate . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Earth elections continued and a very advanced poet published a limited edition of verse consisting entirely of punctuation marks and spaces ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Not even Varnessa ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Report others held (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The city is not adequately compensated for the services covered by the fees , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
there is a struggle there , in which , if he falls , it is easy for him to rise again , there is freedom of utterance there , which draws after it no irreparable consequences on society . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For many years he had provided music and entertainment for functions throughout the Northwest . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Mayor [FILTERED] heard of the banquet he summoned Hughes for an explanation of why he had been dishonouring the police department by consorting with these felons and fixers . (Filtered Words: 1)
investigation of respiratory diseases of laboratory animals ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Extreme cases are on record in which the doctor has had to use instruments to cut through the hymen to permit marital relations to be consummated . (Filtered Words: 0)
An adequately staffed and equipped State assessing office could apply uniform methods and standards which would go far toward producing equitable assessments on all properties throughout the State . (Filtered Words: 0)
The measured force , H , in cutting removal of coatings from their substrates consequently can be seen to be the sum of that force required to cut the coating , Af , that due to the bluntness of the knife , Af , and that due to the friction between the bottom of the knife and the substrate , Af , or Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
What determines the morality , they state , is not the means used , but the motive In general , the means ( excluding abortion ) that prove most effective are considered the most ethical . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , too , the reality of actual furniture must be experienced . (Filtered Words: 0)
They emerged as interchangeable cogs in a faulty but formidable machine : shaved nearly naked , hair queued , greatcoated , jackbooted , and best of all -- in the opinion of the British professional , Major [FILTERED] -- `` their minds are not estranged from the paths of obedience by those smatterings of knowledge which only serve to lead to insubordination and mutiny '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
There were tracks of cattle all over his six hundred and forty acres . (Filtered Words: 0)
The undersecretary's in there . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are but a sampling of the insults I endured . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seemed an almost impossible job for Miss Rogers to select 4 winners from the 46 Juniors entered . (Filtered Words: 0)
If , for instance , such a change is produced by one or a few insulin comas or electroshocks , previously inhibited conditioned reactions reappear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon most of these Christianity had left an impress and through them had had a share in making the individual what he was . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was it all vain labor ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In a B reorganization , followed by a section 332 liquidation , those cases which hold that section 203 is inapplicable to transfers in liquidation appear to permit the successor corporation to sue for refund of taxes paid by the transferor . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew that both these cynics were waiting with impatience for the dramatic moment when [FILTERED] was called to the stand . (Filtered Words: 1)
By submerging the patient in a tub and rotating the transducer while the scanning goes on , they have been able to get cross-section views of the neck , as shown in [FILTERED]. 7 , as well as many other hitherto impossible insights . (Filtered Words: 1)
Acorns from the great oaks fed the small black pigs ( akin to [FILTERED] ) , whose `` carcass sweepstakes '' were renowned . (Filtered Words: 1)
From it , spokes of order and degree led to the outward rim of the common man . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] up local color . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was in charge of the arrangements -- which were soon enough disarranged . (Filtered Words: 0)
this is an improved version of the old Model 200 , a pump-action 12-gauge shotgun . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe there isn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
It took them an hour before they came to the first houses of Kelseyville . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So help me , [FILTERED] , I'd like to kill you where you stand , but , before I do , I'm going to hear you admit killing him . (Filtered Words: 1)
We were less than a quarter of a mile from the road , and we could trace its shape from the ribbon of powder smoke and dust that hung over it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Starting with small stations not members of the National Association of Broadcasters , the firm apparently is seeking to break down the anti-liquor barriers in major-market stations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tremendous emphasis on the 5 in the [FILTERED] square -- for purely mathematical reasons -- and the fact that this number so neatly symbolized the heart and center of the universe , could well explain why the Old Chinese seem to have so revered the number 5 , and why they put so much stress on the concept of Centrality . (Filtered Words: 1)
He bogeyed the 10th . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor has the training been enough in relation to the need . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was also a lesson , one that has served ever since to keep Americans , in their conflicts with one another , from turning from the ballot to the bullet . (Filtered Words: 0)
It usually goes up . (Filtered Words: 0)
With contemporary English changing with the rapidity that marks this jet age , some of the words and phrases of the new version may themselves soon become archaic . (Filtered Words: 0)
But contest definition -- that dramatic muscular separation of every muscle group that seems as though it must have been carved by a sculptor's chisel -- is something quite different . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some people thought he lacked both ability and character , but most agreed that he was noble in appearance and , for a Russian , humane . (Filtered Words: 0)
A shortened version of the highly regarded [FILTERED] autoloader also appeared in 1961 . (Filtered Words: 1)
One should not , of course , pluck the head off a flower and expect its perfume to linger on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her chin sharpened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED]'s taken to her bed , with the door locked . (Filtered Words: 1)
This was the negative side of the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I questioned , also , professional soldiers , who would not easily be hypnotized by a septuagenarian's dreamy irredentism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quite naturally , they make the investigation , first , by prohibiting the patient from making any movements at all and then , later , by repeating it and allowing the patient to move in any way he wanted to . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the winter , hibachi in the kitchen or grill over the logs of the fireplace . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ah '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He threw the lasso . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] could not furnish a strong explanation , the governor insisted that he lower his prices in accord with the scale printed in The Advocate . (Filtered Words: 1)
This -- trip of his had nothing to do with her consorting with tenants , and I am going to see that everybody at Mt. Pleasant understands that simple fact . (Filtered Words: 0)
Citing the advances of Communist power in recent years , Sir [FILTERED] observed : `` This very grave state of affairs will continue until the free nations accept together the reality of the danger that confronts them and unite their policies and resources to meet it '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Halfway up the staircase she stopped and sat down . (Filtered Words: 0)
A . (Filtered Words: 0)
Copies of this letter were made avaliable to the press and public . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then 500,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked a young mustached Frenchman . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the second time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ancient Greeks recorded several catastrophic inundations by huge waves . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But I already have ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The new birth is necessary because god is holy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Part collie , part wire-haired terrier '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Infinite peace , complete contentment . (Filtered Words: 0)
He appeared to be peering haughtily down his nose at the crowded and unclean vessel that would carry him to freedom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Milk appears twice a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
often tempted to ask questions but he never did . (Filtered Words: 0)
She did not go so far as to say , as was done on other occasions , that Abstraction as well as Impressionism were a Russian invention that had been discarded as unwanted by the people of the U.S.S.R. (Filtered Words: 0)
To summarize , it may be said that there is no one prevailing practice in Rhode Island with respect to the taxation of movable property , that assessors would like to see an improvement , and of those who have an opinion , that assessment by the town of location is preferred on the basis of their present knowledge . (Filtered Words: 0)
We've come a long way and spent a lot of money . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , like a father and son '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
See page 156 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll have a drink , then , if you'll have one with me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey looked around and caught sight of his partner near the front end of the wrecked truck talking to the patrolman . (Filtered Words: 0)
The point is at a latitude **yl , and the platform is at an error in heading east . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] he opened the Bible and read of the woman at the well . (Filtered Words: 1)
There were many cures for warts . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There wasn't a bit of trouble '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the sinusoids contained large numbers of nucleated red cells , and cells of the granulocytic series were found in small numbers . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought she had great possibilities in the ballet and wanted to show the eminent producer how well she could dance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The predomination of free swimming ciliated protozoa is indicative of a high bacterial population . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's go , Marshal '' , [FILTERED] said , and took him by the arm . (Filtered Words: 1)
Aside from availability and economic considerations , each has certain practical advantages ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
she could be sure of that . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have been exactly the same to them if I had read through all twenty-six volumes of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Districts issue (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Big Hans made me come . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no evidence of fibrosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of us would be willing to admit that forgiveness comes hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- [FILTERED] highest purity tank chlorine was passed through a tube of resublimed Af into an evacuated Pyrex system where it was condensed with liquid air . (Filtered Words: 1)
When suitably lighted , what would it look like ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Indication : The long-term trend of turnpike traffic is upward . (Filtered Words: 0)
After another two weeks , the first young emerge , four to eight small daughters that begin to play the role of worker bees , collecting pollen and nectar in the field and caring for the new young generation while the queen retires to a life of egg laying . (Filtered Words: 0)
His eyes went back to contemplation of the sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern times have changed the world beyond recognition . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The absurd notion that demythologization entails the expurgation of all mythological concepts completely misrepresents Bultmann's intention . (Filtered Words: 0)
Workers usually think more of a plan they contribute to . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now you don't want to go talking that way '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Continuing technical problems involved in the use of this fuel , coupled with significant improvements in aircraft range through other means , have now raised serious questions about the value of the high-energy fuel program . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The only thing that worries me is how I'm going to prove it '' , Eugenia said . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said it was a `` wrongful act '' for [FILTERED] to take statements `` privately and outside of the grand jury room '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
There are several possible sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dulles ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , let's consider a standard 283 cubic inch Chevy Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adam looked at the pot . (Filtered Words: 0)
How he loathed him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Might get there faster walkin' '' , Lord drawled , `` seein' as how I got a busted front spring . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dinner and the movies had been fine . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was taken aback . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even now no such claim is asserted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or the bay of female dogs in heat . (Filtered Words: 0)
The realm of science , whatever the degree of precision in formulations , covers the range of prediction and explanation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , planetary gravitational attraction increases the dust concentration near the plane of the ecliptic as the sun is approached . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who claims to be a conscientious objector , contends that he was denied due process , both in the proceedings before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice and at trial . (Filtered Words: 1)
The bullet had torn through the flesh just above the knee , inflicting an ugly gash that was forming a pool of blood on the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Altogether we found the craftsmanship first rate , especially [FILTERED]'s . (Filtered Words: 1)
tva lakes . (Filtered Words: 0)
His spare time is spent in soaring gliders . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it comes to rate of early growth , the Indian python leads with a figure of about 3 feet 6 inches per year for the first two years , more or less . (Filtered Words: 0)
During this period , a total of 762 exhibits were presented at 442 medical and scientific meetings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another beautiful building is the Propylaea , the entrance gate of the Acropolis . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) questions and definitions . (Filtered Words: 0)
If I could call in , they could check the story while we were on our way . (Filtered Words: 0)
By her eighteenth birthday her bent for writing was so evident that Papa and [FILTERED] gave her a Life Of Dickens as a spur to her aspiration . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sales of transistors in 1960 exceeded $300 million , compared to $222 million in 1959 despite substantial price reductions in virtually all types . (Filtered Words: 0)
It can be seen that the force is characteristic of the removal process and changes abruptly from cutting to cracking to peeling removal . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had to depend on himself , since he was invariably miles and hours away from others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proof . (Filtered Words: 0)
A previously extinguished conditioned reaction was restored in monkey A and was associated with typical signs of emotional excitement including sympathetic discharges . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others assisting (Filtered Words: 0)
got [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I don't mean Miss [FILTERED] ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Increased customer sophistication . (Filtered Words: 0)
The strip sections containing a given protein were pooled , eluted with 0.5 ml of isotonic saline , and the eluates were tested for antibody activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many years later , the photon-counting apparatus in the nose of the ship would determine that the star was close enough to actuate deceleration . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] held nothing but their fingers . (Filtered Words: 2)
Now an abiding difficulty of paragraphs like the foregoing is that they appear to preach ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately , a general formula of wide applicability solves all problems of this kind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tack-solder all the 1/2'' '' sq. pieces to the 10'' '' and 12'' '' members . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of its cities close their fiscal years on December 31 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In these rapidly changing societies there is also too little appreciation of the need for effort to achieve goals . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] evidently reported matters of intelligence much more important to his commanding general . (Filtered Words: 1)
I had had no wedding ceremony , no witnesses , no certificate of marriage , but I had all the joy that goes with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
In April came a rapid thaw that produced high waters which did not recede until mid-June . (Filtered Words: 0)
Insurance (Filtered Words: 0)
The statement of the system is a different matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some denominations ask new members to sign personally the chronological membership register . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bostitch , Inc. is approximately half way through a 10-year exemption of their real estate tax . (Filtered Words: 0)
Geographic shift of customers . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had certain psychic intuitions that this rebellion was not wholly what it appeared on the surface . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am sure that [FILTERED] was happy , too , about that support . (Filtered Words: 1)
if they say they are satisfied , this shows unconscious alienation . (Filtered Words: 0)
I doubt that `` fear parties '' and `` group confessionals '' will help very much . (Filtered Words: 0)
and , although he later explained that he was talking French , it seems rather more likely that he had succumbed to the joys of the evening . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was not enthusiastic over the newly acquired [FILTERED] , but reminisced with pleasure over a Poussin exhibit he had been able to see in Paris a year ago . (Filtered Words: 1)
The following passage from `` The Hangman's Great Hands '' illustrates the directness of this anger . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be noted that point f has seven nearest neighbors , h and e have six , and p has only one , while the remaining points have intermediate numbers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The legislative mills have been grinding ever since , and when its cumbersome processes were no longer adequate to the task , a limited legislative authority was delegated in one form or another , to the executive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will somebody please reopen the Auditorium ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
this is an improved version of the old Model 200 , a pump-action 12-gauge shotgun . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 (Filtered Words: 0)
Likewise , and equally fascinating , is the news that such unlikely synonyms as `` pratakku '' , `` sweathruna '' , and the tongue-twister `` nnuolapertar-it-vuh-karti-birifw- '' all originated in the same village in Bathar-on-Walli Province and are all used to express sentiments concerning British `` imperialism '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the period since the end of World War 2 , -- a period coinciding with merchandising demands for the colorful , the unusual , and the original in signs and displays -- plastics have come on so strong that today they are the acknowledged leaders in the field . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it turned out , a very hot region occurred on the plug . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the white middle and lower classes are arrayed against the Negro middle and lower classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] donates its recreation center , five days a week , to the school . (Filtered Words: 1)
The road's engineers look for further improvement when the turnpike is extended into Boston . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both composers turn up on new imports from France . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the loss of hotel business to the outskirt's motel has been relatively painless ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The most striking aspect of the interaction demonstrated is the marked decrement in performance suffered by the highly anxious children in unstructured schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
I followed it , looking at the brilliant colors on its tubular back , the colors clear and sharp and perfect , in orange and green and brown diamonds the size of a baby's fist down its back , and the diamonds were set one within the other and interlaced with glistening jet-black . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] back up and repeat . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was curious how the different visitors took this . (Filtered Words: 0)
The system as indicated in [FILTERED]. 7-2 is fundamental and simple because the transient effects of both the platform servo and the accelerometer have been neglected . (Filtered Words: 1)
It will readily be seen that in this suggested network ( not materially different from some of the networks in vogue today ) greater emphasis on monitoring is implied than is usually put into practice . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last Gabriel spoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most others have been content to give only the most general attention to the broadest and most obvious features of the phonology when designing orthographies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The three volumes brought to the fore a characteristic of [FILTERED]'s prose which remained conspicuous through his later works -- a genius for describing military action with clarity and with authority . (Filtered Words: 1)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
A feeling of futility , an enervation of mind greater than any fatigue he had ever known , seeped through him . (Filtered Words: 0)
One day last week , [FILTERED] faced a painful constitutional chore that required him to officiate at a joint session of Congress to hear the official tally of the Electoral College vote , and then to make `` sufficient declaration '' of the election of the man who defeated him in the tight 1960 presidential election . (Filtered Words: 1)
Willings undoubtedly had . (Filtered Words: 0)
She confessed she was unhappy , he asked was it her husband ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact it has caused us to give serious thought to moving our residence south , because it is not easy for the most objective Southerner to sit calmly by when his host is telling a roomful of people that the only way to deal with Southerners who oppose integration is to send in troops and shoot the bastards down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Person To Person ventilates the home lives of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] -- both in Southern California ( Channel 5 at 10:30 ) KQED Summer Music Festival features a live concert by the Capello De Musica ( Channel 9 at 8:30 ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
It implies two misconceptions . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is for them a given which they and they alone possess . (Filtered Words: 0)
A battery-powered radio is essential . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pianists who are serious about their work are likely to know the interesting material contained in [FILTERED]'s Sonatas . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is never motion towards something . (Filtered Words: 0)
they found out who they were and what they could do , then within the limits of their talent they did it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The layout of the sewer lines was designed by [FILTERED] , who was the engineer for the Manchester Village disposal plant . (Filtered Words: 1)
Jet -- which I coupled with the Deerstalker carbine as one of the year's two biggest developments -- few significant innovations appeared among 1961's handguns . (Filtered Words: 0)
This month a million Guideposts will circulate all over the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fight with [FILTERED] , fight with the whole damned Bureau . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` There's a little place there called Lovers Mound dedicated to Gompachi and Komurasaki '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's what was on my mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
and in the fact that she bases her decisions about work , college , carreer , and studies on what others are doing , rather than on her own sense of identity with given skills , abilities , likes , and dislikes . (Filtered Words: 0)
New rule no. 5 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
Unit prices for state vehicles are invariably lower than to the general public . (Filtered Words: 0)
Which came first ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could have continued testing to the full on the grounds that the radiation danger was far less than the danger of Communist world domination . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then how about the Civic Opera House ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Hearst disclaimed blame for this , but the conversation , according to [FILTERED] , ended on a tart note . (Filtered Words: 1)
Miss [FILTERED] was one of the speakers on the panel of the Eastern Women's Liberal Arts College panel on Wednesday evening in the Security Life Bldg. . (Filtered Words: 1)
Control of the government -- such control as there was and such government as there was -- passed into the hands of [FILTERED] , chief of staff of the Congolese army . (Filtered Words: 1)
The louvers are constructed as shown in the detail , with a drop door for ventilation . (Filtered Words: 0)
We sat for a while drinking in silence . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were free . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Mr. [FILTERED] is sometimes a little somber in his appraisals , if his analysis of how Western diplomacy met the challenge of an era of great wars and social revolutions is often critical and pessimistic -- well , the record itself is not too encouraging . (Filtered Words: 1)
Aniseikonic illusion (Filtered Words: 0)
`` His answer '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Edmund , but not for years . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the inning was over he cursed the Anniston catcher all the way into the dugout . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concept of good nutrition really began with the garden . (Filtered Words: 0)
They offered no opinions , volunteered nothing , betrayed no emotions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meltzer knew why I had come for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He traveled alternately with Mr. [FILTERED] and with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
good grass , good water . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was the theme song of millions of American people , their personal problems no less urgent than those of the government . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] himself was bruised and clawed from head to tail , but he was in this fight to the finish , running almost as strongly now as in the morning . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] sleeps on a green studio couch in the living room . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ace of spades -- a widow , that was what they called a widow , these low-class crooks remembered Mr. [FILTERED] distractedly . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was in trouble and she was alone . (Filtered Words: 1)
Refill the machine to a level of Af inches with water at 100 - 109-degrees-F ( ( 38 - 43*0 C. ) and start the machine . (Filtered Words: 0)
We ran out of money and we haven't eaten for two days '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He then switches back to a consideration of the seven principal Presidential hopefuls : five Democrats -- Senator [FILTERED] , Senator [FILTERED] , Senator [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and Mr. [FILTERED] -- and two Republicans -- Governor Rockefeller and Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 6)
The relative forces can be calculated from the various radii of curvature if we assume : ( A ) The surface tension is uniform on the surface of the drop . (Filtered Words: 0)
His saloon was a meetin' place for influential Wyoming cattlemen , and one year durin' a severe blizzard , when his herd-owner customers were wearin' long faces , he said , `` Cheer up , boys , whatever happens , the books won't freeze '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stated , in the course of his address , that the United States was `` against '' colonialism . (Filtered Words: 1)
It had been here fifty years . (Filtered Words: 0)
I cannot make sense out of the figures for post maturity growth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If this must be done , they should always be corked and kept in a cool place ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
More bouncing , another stop , a new house for teachers , a new well . (Filtered Words: 0)
But do you have any choice '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Both [FILTERED] and Fosdick knew that a substitute was necessary , that a verboten approach was not the real answer . (Filtered Words: 1)
It required strength , bravado , daring to commit murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
To find a place for them in their theory of knowledge would require them to revise the theory radically , and yet that theory was what they regarded as their most important discovery . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How many pamphlets do we have in stock '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Banks the Butcher took Meltzer the Scholar as an apprentice and he made it very clear that a man of learning must be able to do more than just quote the Commentaries of the Talmud in order to live . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are here ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He tightened up in a twinkling . (Filtered Words: 0)
The '52 Cards were 6-7 on May 1 but ended with 88 triumphs , the club's top since 1949 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ship was a [FILTERED] biplane , one of the first two of its type to be fitted with the air cooled , 225/hp [FILTERED] radial engine known as the Whirlwind . (Filtered Words: 2)
This must be stressed because it is absolutely essential to the argument of this concluding chapter . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said that the architect might reasonably be expected to carry his financial burdens if all harrassment could be brought to an end , and that the bank would accept a mortgage on Taliesin to help bring this about . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this final line , we have the key to his nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
pioneers who looked like off-duty gardeners even at parent-teacher conferences and who never called the school principal `` Mister '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I feel confident the stock will qualify for the ' national list ' '' , he said , meaning its market price would be quoted regularly in newspapers all over the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some reports say he was rescued from timely retirement by his friend , Congressman [FILTERED] of Pennsylvania , at a moment when the Kennedy Administration was diligently searching for all the House votes it could get . (Filtered Words: 1)
United Nations Day is the birthday of the United Nations , mankind's noblest attempt to establish lasting peace with justice ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sir [FILTERED] in his book Uniqueness Of Man makes the novel point that just as man is unique in being the only animal which requires a long period of infancy and childhood under family protection , so is he the only animal who has a long period after the decline of his procreativity . (Filtered Words: 1)
The mimetic character of the imaginative consciousness tends to express itself in the presentation of artistic forms and materials . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , as [FILTERED] has noted , the individual's failure to develop preliminary identities during infancy and childhood need not be irreversibly deterministic with respect to a given area of identity diffusion in his ( or her ) adolescence . (Filtered Words: 1)
and the author , who seemed the embodiment of France's rising spirit of resistance to her conquerors , was much complimented for his daring military action . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ran down the line , slashing picket ropes with the bayonet . (Filtered Words: 1)
And he caused the fumble that set up our touchdown . (Filtered Words: 0)
It slips away , it burns and tortures me . (Filtered Words: 0)
He treats her like she was dirt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes even the number of syllables is not clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Operations of this nature offer the best opportunity to recognize scientific status . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , playing [FILTERED] , the cartoonist , carries the show in marvelous fashion . (Filtered Words: 2)
The sniper , whether psychopathic marksman or murderer by intent , would hardly have walked to his vantage point with rifle over shoulder , whistling a marching tune . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Senator was shocked by stoppages over allegedly trivial disputes that delayed our missile program . (Filtered Words: 0)
They finished the small bottle of Steinhager . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only answer will be continuous study . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a tremendous book , lively , constantly moving , and the [FILTERED] cast does well by it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Elementary school desegregation came to Owen and Union Counties , which already had high school desegregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] supports the idea that the universe both expands and contracts , that in several billion years the expansion will slow up and reverse itself and that the contraction will set in . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then , after many more billions of years , when all the galaxies are whistling toward a common center , this movement will slow down and reverse itself again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last year [FILTERED] also placed 3rd in the Finals at Westminster . (Filtered Words: 1)
To this end political authority is called upon to exercise its negative and coercive powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it was [FILTERED] could not fathom . (Filtered Words: 1)
The latest and , significantly , greatest fruit of this theatrical vine is The , an adaptation of [FILTERED]'s classic frog-haiku by [FILTERED] , a former University of Maryland chemistry instructor . (Filtered Words: 2)
The press releases emanating from the White House give a clue to the activity within . (Filtered Words: 0)
For four of the six ( the anaconda and the amethystine python cannot be included for lack of data ) there is also a correlation between size at maturity and maximum length , the boa constrictor being the smallest and the Indian python the next in size at the former stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
But since he had failed to anticipate it , he lost the five minutes anyhow , in plotting an intercept orbit . (Filtered Words: 0)
This specific fluorescence was readily distinguished from the light green nonspecific fluorescence in consecutive sections stained with 1 : 10 dilution of NS and Af or with Af alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not within the jurisdiction of anybody or anything , including Providence and Massachusetts . (Filtered Words: 0)
It urged that the next Legislature `` provide enabling funds and re-set the effective date so that an orderly implementation of the law may be effected '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other posts would be established up the Ohio and Wabash to protect communication with Canada . (Filtered Words: 0)
Distally the bronchus is situated between a pulmonary artery on one side and a pulmonary vein on the other , as in type 1 ( ( fig. 24 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
But once the strike trend hits hoosegows , there is no telling how far it may go . (Filtered Words: 0)
The average of states' rates is $.076 per mile . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first cattle the Injuns saw under the white man's control were the ox teams of the early freighters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Food for frustration . (Filtered Words: 0)
This property refers to the greatest longitudinal stress or tension a material can endure without tearing apart . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her husband , who was sentenced to 15 years in the federal prison at McNeil Island last April for robbery of the Hillsdale branch of Multnomah Bank , also was charged with the store holdup . (Filtered Words: 0)
This will reduce vibration and increase accuracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Commentary was a mere suburb of Partisan Review , the arch-enemy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] has been in the hospital but is expected back Tuesday . (Filtered Words: 1)
The sand is fine and pleasant , the cabanas are clean , and the parasols , green , raspberry , and butter yellow , are very gay . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You must play it where it lies '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is the respondent making a recommendation for his own benefit , for the benefit of his industry , for the benefit of a specific government department or service , for the benefit of the defense program , for the benefit of small business , or for the benefit of the taxpayers ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No sooner had Betsey come out of the ring than Mrs. [FILTERED] walked into the Working Competition with Ch. Cadet or Noranda , another home-bred product , and won ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
The industry may deliberately take a strike , not to put pressure on the union , but in order to `` educate '' the government and the customers of the industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
The continued operation of this program depends on having his service '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the problems of combining cooling with your heating are knotty , it may be cheaper to plan on a completely separate cooling system . (Filtered Words: 0)
the clay he used plastically to suggest soft moving flesh , as in an abdomen , in a reclining torso ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The next time the police saw her she was dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
The audience had come not to be entertained but to judge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Palfrey told his wife of his intentions for the first time , and left for New Orleans apprehensively invoking a special blessing of Providence that he might be allowed to see his family again . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had always been a messy and negligent man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gavin sank down again into his chair and began to rock . (Filtered Words: 0)
The books of the school hold a memorial to her ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of this lacked the active support of the pastor . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a mess , all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was among the last to go into the suspensor and among the first to come out . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1946 Sir [FILTERED] , who had spoken often of European union during the war , advocated the formation of `` a kind of United States of Europe '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thirty-three (Filtered Words: 0)
In front of you is the Palazzo Madama , once belonging to the Medici and now the Italian Senate . (Filtered Words: 0)
This weakness is not unique to labor surplus areas , for it is inherent in the system of local school districts in this country . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A night policeman just like in the States . (Filtered Words: 0)
Old Mr. [FILTERED]'s frantic response to life imprisonment with a useless , social-climbing wife is to `` put his two hands into his disturbed hair '' and `` make an extraordinary effort to lift himself up by it '' , whereas [FILTERED] endures the shrewish onslaughts of Mrs. [FILTERED] by apologetically drawing `` the back of his hand across and across his nose '' . (Filtered Words: 3)
But he knew ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Lincoln's slow progress towards the several marking his achievement is even now unrecognizable as such , and loosely interpreted as the alternation of inconsistency with vision . (Filtered Words: 0)
To generalize for the entire nation would be absurd . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , during the first century B.C. , an extensive literature sprang up devoted to these subjects , finding its typical expression in the so-called `` wei books '' , a number of which were specifically devoted to [FILTERED] and related numerical diagrams , especially in connection with divination . (Filtered Words: 1)
As for food , Mrs. [FILTERED] , chairman of this phase , is a globetrotter who knows good food . (Filtered Words: 1)
In substance , said the Court , there was no transfer of equitable title . (Filtered Words: 0)
had been seen to leave . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charming and peaceful -- but what were charm and peace compared to high adventure ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Roberta glanced up at her husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
His fingers fumbled across the bandages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , they'd heard the rumble of thunder and then , just outside Rockfork , they ran into rain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take my word , can't you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Social control (Filtered Words: 0)
they had enough difficulty getting from day to day , let alone having an awful crime thrust upon them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Children need help in learning to control their emotions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never once during the trying thirties did I come so close to succumbing to the private climate of opinion as to grant Russian communism even that most weasel-worded of encomiums `` an interesting experiment '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This perpetual justification empties the heart of all human feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
He seemed to be fighting not one man but a dozen . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , Mr. [FILTERED] and his bride will go to Vero Beach on their wedding trip , and will stay in the John G. Beadles' beach house . (Filtered Words: 1)
Probably a lawyer once said it best for all time in the Supreme Court of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
The policeman walked on , but he looked back once . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hasn't played too much , because Richards has been working on him furiously in batting practice . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] got up , quietly , and walked away . (Filtered Words: 1)
He respected each of these approach techniques , and kept them in character : his quill drawings had a scratchiness , suggesting skin texture ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The terminal hospital admission on June 27 , 1959 , was necessitated by continued weakness and debility complicated by urinary retention and painful thrombosed hemorrhoids . (Filtered Words: 0)
All checks and money orders should be made payable to Internal Revenue Service . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any retaliatory gas attack would be airborne . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gilborn's secretary ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] very kindly let me drive through Sante Fe to a road which would , she said , lead us to [FILTERED] and then Raton and `` eventshahleh '' out of New Mexico . (Filtered Words: 2)
Mr. [FILTERED] writes , for example , that `` in terms of probability it is surely as likely as not that mutual fear will lead to accidental war in the near future if the present situation continues . (Filtered Words: 1)
Improve 7,000 miles of fishing streams and 56,000 acres of lakes by stabilizing banks , planting streamside cover , and constructing channel improvements . (Filtered Words: 0)
They offer exceptional design freedom , making it possible to incorporate contours and details which give free range to the talents of the designer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus , the guy says he is trying . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
A press with an 11 inch capacity lets you drill to the center of a 22 inch board or circle . (Filtered Words: 0)
A detachment of six men from the 701st Chemical Maintenance Company under First Lt. [FILTERED] Beckstrom went aboard , followed by Lt. [FILTERED] , the Cargo Security Officer . (Filtered Words: 2)
You get back to the captain and tell him this : Somebody's going to take a shot at the prime minister , and [FILTERED] is in on the plot . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Everybody does '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By this time [FILTERED] had accurately measured Pike as a man of great personal pride , a man who would fly into a towering rage if his integrity were questioned , and who would be anxious to avenge himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
A warning (Filtered Words: 0)
He loses now-misplaced tax collection duties , which go to the Finance Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
Six months later , [FILTERED] stood in the observation dome of the [FILTERED] and watched the ball of Earth dwindle above him . (Filtered Words: 2)
The planners in Taiwan struck me as realistic men . (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional note on allotments . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Director of the Peace Corps , [FILTERED] , a [FILTERED] brother-in-law , collects heavily among the moderns , including [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
It hung momentarily on the point of dropping off . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tightened up in a twinkling . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would add about $500 to the total cost of the home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hollywood (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
both Flugel and [FILTERED] deal with the development and nature of conscience , as do such theologians as Niebuhr and Buber . (Filtered Words: 1)
In other words , no merely male creature can resist that corps de ballet . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose a [FILTERED] sailor had sneaked a cigarette in the hold and touched off the blaze . (Filtered Words: 1)
Two days later Mr. [FILTERED] left Washington for the last time . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the end we ran into Communist artillery fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Those '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Little folks set : (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] banged his fist on the keyboard , ruining the letter . (Filtered Words: 1)
During the return trip , Barco kept muttering to himself in meaningless phrases , such as : `` They're under sand dunes They're better off , I tell you I saved their souls '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some are fishing , some driving the team , and many are sitting indolently on the banks of the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
The daily sewage volume to the oxidation pond averaged 147,000 gpd , giving a retention period of 42 days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , of Dusseldorf , Germany , and Mr. [FILTERED] , of Brelin . (Filtered Words: 2)
When all else fails , it is argued that open sessions slow down governmental operations . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , if the Orioles are to improve , Brandt , Triandos and Walker will have to do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a fine big actor with a great head of blond hair and a good voice , impersonates Enright . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the lines of any plane , **yp , meeting Q in a conic C , are transformed into the congruence of secants of the curve C' into which C is transformed in the point involution on Q . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not for the dollar or so Nadine would give me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should no murderer ever be executed '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Spectacular displays of this sort are relatively rare in the entire land surface of the earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first mention of an electric plant in Manchester seems to be one installed in [FILTERED] and [FILTERED]'s gristmill on the West Branch in Factory Point . (Filtered Words: 2)
The long crisis in Laos appeared nearing a showdown today . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still another suggested that he would join a temple `` for social reasons , since I'll be living in a suburb '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
your stock in trade ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He's been entirely different all spring . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] , a former student of North Texas State University , was married Saturday to [FILTERED] , who has attended Arlington State College . (Filtered Words: 2)
The `` reality '' to which they respond is rationally empty and their art is an imitation of the inescapable powerfulness of this unknown and empty world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of them had once been members of a church or at least had been given instruction in Christianity but for one or another reason had allowed the connexion to lapse . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man's eyelids fluttered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Barton nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to the known principal globulin , excelsin , three other ultracentrifugally distinct components have been observed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I guess he spent the morning getting himself all organized , then headed for home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Felons were cured by taking common salt and drying it in the oven , pounding it fine , and mixing it with equal parts of spirits of turpentine ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not essentially different from a memorandum of an attorney in the Department of Justice , of which the Attorney General receives many , and to which he may give his approval or rejection . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was in his early forties , rather short and very compactly built , and with a manner that was reserved and stiff despite his efforts to adapt himself to American ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then at last the darkness began to dissolve . (Filtered Words: 0)
In conclusion , he wished me well -- and as kindly and humbly as this humane gentleman could express himself , he asked to be remembered to my wife and children . (Filtered Words: 0)
He left a few things . (Filtered Words: 0)
Direct method . (Filtered Words: 0)
And of course the Soviet threat was responsible for NATO , the grand alliance of the Atlantic nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
She daubed at her swimming eyes with a lacy handkerchief and said with obvious emotion : `` That poor boy ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally curly hair runs in my family . (Filtered Words: 0)
Laboratory measurements of interstellar radio spectra . (Filtered Words: 0)
But that was a long time ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
As mentioned above , where families are concentrated in larger numbers , group controls seem strongest and most effective . (Filtered Words: 0)
No discrepancies or shortages had ever been found . (Filtered Words: 0)
it must be flexible enough to allow for technological breakthroughs , scientific progress , and changes in world conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The actual impelling force which severed me from evangelical effort was of another sort . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when tiny , 145-pound [FILTERED] of the Los Angeles Angels , who once caught three straight fly balls in center field because , as a teammate explained , `` the other team thought no one was out there '' , hits seven home runs in four months ( three more than his total in 1958 , 1959 , and 1960 ) , his achievement borders on the ridiculous . (Filtered Words: 1)
He sat up and watched as they pulled themselves over the stern . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each member would get one post for each 10,000,000 people in its population up to 150,000,000 people or a maximum of fifteen posts . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the only valid , and extenuating , argument that may be advanced in defense of the reprehensible attitude of the common wine waiter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Citizens of the United States who , on April 15 , are not in the United States or Puerto Rico , are allowed an extension of time until June 15 for filing the return for the preceding calendar year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Capable as their minds may be in some directions , these guardians of the nation's security are incapable of learning , or even of observing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` OK. , I won't play hard '' , he promised . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a saucepan put sufficient water to cover them , an equal amount of sugar , a sliced lemon , a tablespoonful of apricot preserve or jam , a pinch each of clove and nutmeg , and a large bay leaf . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few obvious target areas of great importance might be mentioned . (Filtered Words: 0)
For those who put their trust in Him He still says every day again : `` Let there be light '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he got on his knees and rolled [FILTERED]' body toward the edge . (Filtered Words: 1)
As you have doubtless guessed already , the plot is plastered with Freudian , [FILTERED] , and Meinckian theory . (Filtered Words: 1)
Bong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The movable clamps travel on carriages which ride the rails and are drawn by dead-weight loading . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the monetary authorities will continue to be required to pay attention to the consequences of their actions with respect to our international balance of payments position and the outflow of gold , as well as with regard to avoiding the creation of excessive liquidity in the economy , which would delay the effectiveness of monetary policy measures in the next expansion phase of the business cycle . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't hurry too much . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apples come from a farm in Vermont where they are not sprayed . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll get the guys that done it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tanner wisecracked . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw the most action , beat up more badmen with his bare fists , broke up the most gangs and sent more murderers to the gallows than any other U.S. marshal who lived before or after him . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , [FILTERED] had put them through some rapid somersaults . (Filtered Words: 1)
but I hear the thunder roll ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The particles traveled a maximum detected distance of some 450 miles . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You are the ' Peoples' Poet ' '' was her appraisal in 1908 , and she stopped teaching and writing to devote herself to the fulfillment of her husband's career . (Filtered Words: 0)
And while less than ten years earlier the wayward Black Sox -- all of them top performers in their positions -- had toiled for stingy [FILTERED] at salaries ranging from twenty-five hundred dollars to forty-five hundred dollars a year , stars now were asking ten thousand dollars , twenty thousand dollars , yes , even fifty thousand dollars a season . (Filtered Words: 1)
He gives credit for the promotion to his new outlook on life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American Medical Association is once again grinding out its tear-soaked propaganda based upon the high cost of the Veterans Administration medical program to the American taxpayer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , there has come into being a situation in which the state must raise all of its own revenues and , in addition , must give assistance to its local governments . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the kitchen Mama was wiping the cupboards . (Filtered Words: 0)
The knowledge kept him from analyzing his scheme to death , and took him through the last hours of that night in a peace of exalted fanaticism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington , March 11 ( UPI ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The word `` church '' which turned up over and over again among Jubal's words gave him knotty difficulty ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Is the future of psychology akin to the rich future of physics at the time of Newton ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And when he did , when he gave to his ship that protection necessary to preserve her honor , he knew he would lose forever the Navy to which he had dedicated his soul . (Filtered Words: 0)
And despite Knowlton's attempts to show that the house was locked up tighter than a drum , this was not true . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hit a poor tee shot , pulling it off into the pine woods separating the 9th and first fairways . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a cold and calculated look . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Lincoln Mills decision authorizes a whole new body of federal `` common law '' which , as Mr. [FILTERED] pointed out in dissent , leads to one of the following `` incongruities '' : `` ( ( 1 ) conflict in federal and state court interpretations of collective bargaining agreements ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
If it was , then it must have been God's intention to translate him at a certain point from time to eternity . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He has the magical eye . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus he complains , with considerable justice , that the Tory writers have resorted to libel instead of answering his arguments . (Filtered Words: 0)
And there is one other point in the Poetics that invites moral evaluation : [FILTERED]'s notion that the distinctive function of tragedy is to purge one's emotions by arousing pity and fear . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I drive my own car by courtesy of Via '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Six o'clock ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Part 1 , below describes this abstract model by spelling out its assumptions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was reading from the Talmud with a group of men from his congregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gentleman is a police officer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The telephone was in the study but the ringing came from the hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Selkirk settlers had been anticipated in their move southward by British fur traders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Henrietta's feeling of identity with [FILTERED] was crowned by her discovery of the coincidence that Sara's epitaph in the Jewish cemetery in Venice referred to her as `` the Sulamite '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Zeros '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The single animal or a small bunch were referred to as `` strays '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The master's hand has lost none of its craft . (Filtered Words: 0)
The old-time bridges over the Merrimac River in Massachusetts are of unusual interest in many respects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s demand for a troika is dormant , not dead ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Needless to say , you can't build Hotei in a couple of weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cried the ladies , enchanted by his music . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course you can have it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was only about the size of a baseball ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of this , it would appear inevitable that an increasing percentage of strategic missiles will seek self-protection in mobility -- at least until missile defenses are perfected which have an exceedingly high kill probability . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for The Book of the Dead , it along with his other books on religion had been incarcerated in a furnace in the basement of the building in which he had lived in New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heat of condensation ( work function ) plus kinetic energy of the electrons impinging on the anode . (Filtered Words: 0)
His objective was , essentially , to repair those aspects of orthodox astronomy responsible for its deficiencies in achieving these ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
The attempt failed : the animal is now dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
I will simply kill you first . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somewhat similar investigations have been made by medical officers in other areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the two leaders , DePugh and Lauchli , hastened to put the group through its paces . (Filtered Words: 0)
When ity is added , real clearly has two syllables . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the only case in modern history of a people of Britannic origin submitting without continued struggle to what they view as foreign domination . (Filtered Words: 0)
One subject spontaneously asked ( after her arm had finally risen ) , `` Do you suppose I was unconsciously keeping it down before '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
From America were the Messrs. [FILTERED] and Jones . (Filtered Words: 1)
He strained to hear . (Filtered Words: 0)
And while the nation was formerly named `` The Islamic Republic of Pakistan '' , it is now simply `` The Republic of Pakistan '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
11 . (Filtered Words: 0)
some of them are driven over the borderline of sanity and lose contact with reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again the plan was for me to go alone , but they wouldn't let me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wait for the charge ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In a total blockade , action could also be taken against ships bringing in chemicals , oils , textiles , and even foodstuffs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had driven the car that passed them on the road outside [FILTERED]'s place . (Filtered Words: 1)
These affairs temporarily relieved the monotony of school or work activities containing no anticipation of achievement and joy of craftsmanship , no sense of dignity derived from a job well done . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was heralded as `` Sportsman of the Year '' by Sports Illustrated , and last night was acclaimed in Rochester as the `` Professional Athlete of the Year '' , a distinction that earned for him the $10,000 diamond-studded [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was calm , drugged , and lazy . (Filtered Words: 0)
From such communal roles the realtor finds the substance that shapes his moral understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they weren't just friends , [FILTERED] thought ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Now the school was indeed bereft . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man stalked toward them , his big boots heavy on the wooden flooring . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , freedom would mean removal from the state in which `` as the place of their past residence from birth , or for many years , it would be materially for their advantage to be at liberty to remain '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A single automobile was parked half-way up the block on the left-hand side . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the Traditionalists , it was a brilliant satire on modernism ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Their successors , absorbing the lesson , made it a point to have few ideas . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl smiled , and started forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather the monthly total consumption was divided and charged on the basis of number of rooms and persons in the family . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a momentary pause , and then her mother said , `` How long is she supposed to stay '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Her reply stung me , but this was too important to let my hurt make any difference . (Filtered Words: 0)
In considering BW defense , it must be recognized that a number of critical meterological parameters must be met for an aerosol to exhibit optimum effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't his fault that these things were so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strongheart ( Adios-Direct Gal ) , a fair-looking sorrel colt , knows nothing but pace and has been right there in the best miles . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the disposition to rebel is most definitely there . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is all the more remarkable because the Kirov is to ballet what Senator [FILTERED] is to American politics . (Filtered Words: 1)
Being reasonably sure of the reason for the long pause , however , did not make it seem any less long to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But to go from here to the belief that those more sensitive to metaphor and language will also be more sensitive to personal differences is too great an inferential leap . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once these conditions of international law are met , countries that try to run the blockade do so at their own risk . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man could be tossed outside the dimension of time by a stray bullet these days . (Filtered Words: 0)
White wines should be opened when served , having been previously chilled in proportion to their sweetness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently , a positive feedback exists between the posterior hypothalamus and the cerebral cortex . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said as they picked their way over the rocky road which led up the hill away from the Dixie Highway , through a corn field and a patch of woods to the school . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thunder crashed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
According to a recent Wall Street Journal survey , plastics units now account for more than 50% of all sign sales . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Afghans invaded ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It's an eighteenth-century negative , man ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Know what I had to fix fer Ole Him '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The force vector concept of Fig. 6 can readily be applied to this condition also . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , it is the aim of this essay to advance a new theory of imitation ( which I shall call mimesis in order to distinguish it from earlier theories of imitation ) and a new theory of invention ( which I shall call symbol for reasons to be stated hereafter ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Business relations between the companies and city have been under investigation by [FILTERED] and District Attorney [FILTERED] , Jr. . (Filtered Words: 2)
He clamped his jaws to keep the fury from spilling out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reasons for this dive seemed foolish now . (Filtered Words: 0)
the Geraghtys' youngest daughter , Molly , bows in the Passavant Debutante Cotillion the next night . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , I would like to go to an out-of-town school where there are all kinds of people , but I would want lots of Jewish kids there '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , he was weary of plantation drudgery and monotony . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED]'s or Virginia's reply : `` better . (Filtered Words: 1)
One of the reasons for the high percentage of Jewish teen-agers in college is that a great many urban Jews are enabled to attend local colleges at modest cost . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , when the proper inorganic constituents are employed , practically any wetting or surface-active agent will do a reasonably good job when present in sufficient amount in a hard-surface cleaning formulation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Byron , since the separation from his wife had been living in a smallish house in Piccadilly Terrace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he thought of [FILTERED] standing in his rich house saying : `` God is tired of taking the blame . (Filtered Words: 1)
Unless God expected a man to believe the Holy Scriptures , why had He given them to him ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s heart skipped a beat when he recognized it . (Filtered Words: 1)
The first worker bees do not mate or lay eggs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , they made naught of [FILTERED]'s prophecy that capitalism would never pay the `` workers '' -- to use [FILTERED]'s word -- more than a subsistence wage , with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the capitalists' pockets with the result , in turn , that the gap between the rich and the poor would irrevocably widen and the misery of the poor increase . (Filtered Words: 2)
A 14-power conference on Laos should then meet on May 5 , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of [FILTERED]'s playing strikes me as finicky , however . (Filtered Words: 1)
But the hospitals and doctors should be . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was probably at this period that Littlepage got his first good look at the ordinary Russian soldier . (Filtered Words: 0)
Keep him back , if you must tell me what to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know what you think you've been doing about my clothes '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wait '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Time had no meaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was made a vice president only a year after the new sales job , a leading business magazine ran his photograph with a brief biography in a series on national business leaders of the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- A Texas halfback who doesn't even know the team's plays , [FILTERED] , ranks fourth in Southwest Conference scoring after three games . (Filtered Words: 1)
Leaving Jess's where it lay , he left the stall . (Filtered Words: 0)
but for this discussion the most important division is between those who have been reconstructed and those who haven't . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , -- [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] was an eagle . (Filtered Words: 1)
Motorists like myself who can remember the old `` tourists accommodated '' signs on farm houses and village homes before World War 2 , can only marvel at the great size and the luxury of the relatively new and fast-grossing motel business . (Filtered Words: 0)
They breakfasted together , but Martin did not refer to his triumph , and Dolores found a great deal to do in the kitchen , bobbing up and down from the table so that talk was impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no question of that . (Filtered Words: 0)
What a man this Petipa was ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But if it is important , what can we do to improve ourselves ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , groups regularly canoe down the Connecticut River . (Filtered Words: 0)
Competitive processes for preserving meats are by canning and freezing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The term enquetes demographiques , previously used for the supplementary investigations carried out in connection with the administrative censuses , was used for the new investigations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , roads that give access to National Forest timber are investments which pay their own way over a period of years . (Filtered Words: 0)
a brilliant piece de resistance ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As faulty as has been our leadership clearly the United States must be relied upon to lead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both knew that when trains stopped at Texan crossroads bored soldiers would sometimes enter to ask the passengers if they had any reading material to spare , even a newspaper . (Filtered Words: 0)
The performances were assured , communicative and pleasingly informal . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked him . (Filtered Words: 0)
they had chosen Catatonia because of its reputation for excellent schools , beaches , and abundance of names . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But she promised -- This will be different '' , he said at last . (Filtered Words: 0)
none of us did . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) slow down and permit the ambivalent driver to change lanes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'd had all this trouble with the old man , that's why I drank so much . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , there are some cities where the suburban shopping pulls customers who are geographically much nearer to downtown . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you do use a cold frame be sure that its ventilation is adequate . (Filtered Words: 0)
For our present purposes we assume that the sole subject of bargaining is the basic wage rate ( not including productivity improvement factors or cost-of-living adjustments ) , and it is this basic wage rate which determines the level of costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Decries joblessness (Filtered Words: 0)
You may reclaim your property , and the penalty on Hesperus is lifted . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) Auditors were encouraged . (Filtered Words: 0)
I pray to God that he may be spared to us for many years to come for this is an influence the United States and the whole world can ill afford to lose . (Filtered Words: 0)
We shall return to these statements and deal with them more fully as the evidence for them accumulates . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he was fleeing , running -- fleeing his death and his life at the same time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sister '' , said he `` do you think people who commit suicide go to heaven '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Give generously when you buy candy today for the Brain Research Foundation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have cost studies been made of every phase of your operation to determine what might be done if things get worse ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The conversation apparently convinced Mr. [FILTERED] that the positions of France and Tunisia were not irreconcilable . (Filtered Words: 1)
That a writer who is gay cannot be serious is a common professional illusion , sedulously fostered by all too many academics who mistakenly believe that their frivolous efforts should be taken seriously because they are expressed with that dreary solemnity which is the only mode of expression their authors are capable of . (Filtered Words: 0)
Research in the period of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] led naturally to a more ambitious work . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` No , I never did see his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
And why did the Chinese suddenly begin to talk about the Five Directions , when the animals they used as symbols of the directions designated only the usual four ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For ' God had not rained ' , says the Scripture , before man was made , and there was no man to till the earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
They knew what they could do and it was often a little more than I thought they could do . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same is true of areas which at first look good because of a few existing recreation features but may actually be poor areas to develop for general public use . (Filtered Words: 0)
and with the availability of bombs of that size , war became a new problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or maybe a drink '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A team is a team '' , insisted [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Financial aspects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed no . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should a political subdivision , state or county or municipality , be required to furnish public education ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His birth , education , and fortune , he says , have all been ridiculed simply because he has spoken with the freedom of an Englishman , and he assures the reader that `` whoever talks with me , is speaking to a [FILTERED] born '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` That critter will be back tomorrow '' , predicted [FILTERED] , `` and he'll bring fifty of his kind back with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
She never could fit into a crowd which had known , which still knew and admired [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
( 2 ) The patient attained an astonishing efficiency in a new trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , so far as its territorial objectives were concerned , the campaign was successful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , although the roots of the mystery story in serious literature go back as far as [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Poe , it was not until the closing decades of the 19th century that the private detective became an established figure in popular fiction . (Filtered Words: 2)
and the poppies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone said that while we were standing here and arguing about it , the British would be gone ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore the second principle of the plan must be that , while providing for all-out hostilities , its effectiveness is not dependent on general war . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Receiving '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Respondents' opinions regarding negotiated bidding ( Part F of the questionnaire ) 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I myself hear it said constantly -- in drawing-rooms . (Filtered Words: 0)
During fiscal year 1960 , seven courses were conducted : Application of Histochemistry to Pathology , Forensic Pathology , Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals , Pathology of the Oral Regions , Ophthalmic Pathology , Forensic Sciences Symposium , and Orthopedic Pathology . (Filtered Words: 0)
( This method does not apply to electronic switches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Land reform programs need to be supplemented with programs for promoting rural credits and technical assistance in agriculture . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is a Hearst barrel . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is a great conception . (Filtered Words: 0)
The house is on Old Annapolis road a mile south of Severna Park , at Jones Station , police said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cost of a license now is $2 , with an annual renewal fee of $1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you underwriting expensive team trips ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
his division of society into two classes , one the hero , the other the villain . (Filtered Words: 0)
This state of unawareness may not last much longer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nice country to meet a lion in face to face . (Filtered Words: 0)
To effect these operations , five elements exist ( 1 ) surface , ( 2 ) air , ( 3 ) mines , ( 4 ) submarine , and ( 5 ) fixed installations . (Filtered Words: 0)
For investors whose income is taxed at high rates , though , a tax-free yield of 4 per cent is high . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he threw things . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
It happens in the territory of the Leopoldville government , which is itself a fiction , demonstrably incapable of governing , and commanding only such limited credit abroad as UN support gives it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The remote , cloudy , possible has values of its own -- values of scope , stimulus , potential , and imagination . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is that you , Father ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
) But he read on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place pattern inside holder ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Gallery Director [FILTERED] greeted the group , standing on one of the benches in the downstairs lobby to speak to them . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] pointed the Discovery down the east coast of the newly discovered sea ( now called [FILTERED] Bay ) , confident he was on his way to the warm waters of the Pacific . (Filtered Words: 1)
To Serenissimus such tribes as the Cossacks of the [FILTERED] or those ex-bandits the Zaporogian Cossacks ( in whose islands along the lower Dnieper the Polish novelist [FILTERED] would one day place With Fire And [FILTERED] ) were just elements for enforced resettlement in , say , Bessarabia , where , as `` the faithful of the Black Sea borders '' , he could use their presence as bargaining points in the Czarina's territorial claims against Turkey . (Filtered Words: 3)
The several trials of a binomial experiment produce a new random variable X , the total number of successes , which is just the sum of the random variables associated with the single trials . (Filtered Words: 0)
The blow encountered silky hair and hard bone . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thinks she's in a ordinary garage '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ecumenical hopes (Filtered Words: 0)
From the coil small copper pipes connect to a weatherproof refrigeration section set in the yard , garage , carport , or basement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The defect of these proposals is in their attempt to outrun history and their assumption that because something may be desirable it is also possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prior to that he was associated with Long Island University in Brooklyn . (Filtered Words: 0)
The deductions allowed in determining Adjusted Gross Income put all taxpayers on a comparable basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would have to do something on his own . (Filtered Words: 0)
Helps control shipping dysentery and coccidiosis in lambs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everybody has a different idea on the ethics and morals of driving away neighbors , when and if . (Filtered Words: 0)
Foster shook his halo . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is deeply committed to our plans already . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nor is it at all likely that a `` desperate '' claim against the Government will be assigned on a contingent-fee basis in the guise of a tax-free reorganization . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My mother read a book right after I was born and there was a Lilian in the book she loved and I became Lilian -- and eventually I became [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
One company instituted , early in 1959 , a vertical classification system consisting of four levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it descends , the concentration of radioactivity builds up in the human body ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On January 18 , [FILTERED] conducted a press conference at the U.N. lasting an hour . (Filtered Words: 1)
I would like to suggest that the landlords and Commissioners get together and consider liberalizing the practice of prohibiting dogs in apartments . (Filtered Words: 0)
His history is his alone , yet each man must recognize his own history in it . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , roads that give access to National Forest timber are investments which pay their own way over a period of years . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy stood off a few feet and he had the stake again and he was racing innocently in circles , making the buzzing tractor sound with his lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
But these kids weren't like him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rides were tame enough -- mostly we talked . (Filtered Words: 0)
A similar case arose at the Bowers ranch in Butte County , and the Superior Court of that county issued similar restraining orders . (Filtered Words: 0)
We spend billions of dollars at the race tracks , and more billions on other forms of gambling . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , the bright vision of the future has been directly stated in science fiction concerned with projecting ideal societies -- science fiction , of course , is related , if sometimes distantly , to that utopian literature optimistic about science , literature whose period of greatest vigor in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries produced [FILTERED] [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] A Modern Utopia . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` Do you feel you can stand up to the next legislative session and defend this contract '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Mostly , it was fear , but this woman's voice didn't tremble and her hands were still on the coverlet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though [FILTERED] , by grace of Soviet tanks , may be head man in East Germany , that does not give him any right to usurp the government of East Berlin or to absorb that semi-city into the Soviet zone . (Filtered Words: 1)
The trial was held September 10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meeting in New Delhi under the auspices of the International Commission of Jurists , a body of lawyers from the free world , the Congress redefined and expanded the traditional Rule of Law to include affirmative governmental duties . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact is that removing and leaving out a thermostat from any water cooled vehicle , will greatly increase the fuel consumption , reduce power and contribute to spark plug fouling due to an accumulation of excessive carbon deposits on the insulators . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 Af but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the **yl point . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted to identify with people and have a connection with them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The only reason we brought you was to get [FILTERED] out . (Filtered Words: 1)
Graph in [FILTERED]. 1 , p. 392 , indicates how the ratio of compressive strength to density varies as the latter is increased or decreased . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had a good idea why not . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was more to service in the Navy Nurse Corps than the hours in the ward . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was also subtly familiar , for it was the odor of the human body , but multiplied innumerable times because of the fact that the aborigines never bathed . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you had screamed right there in the street where we stood , I could not have felt more fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
At nightfall he had been able to sneak down a hillside and into the jungle , reeking of death . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt that this campaign would be famous in the annals of war . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] Quartet ( Angel ) and [FILTERED] ( RCA Victor ) editions give us superlative string playing ( both in symphonic style ) crippled by unimaginative piano playing . (Filtered Words: 2)
Perhaps if I took off the aqua-lung I could swim better , love my woman better . (Filtered Words: 0)
Helping retarded children (Filtered Words: 0)
It is hard for me to know how I feel about Lauro Di Bosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boundary maintenance (Filtered Words: 0)
Noted artist (Filtered Words: 0)
Microscopic examination (Filtered Words: 0)
The charge was so farfetched that [FILTERED] paid little attention to it , and answered Pike in a rather bored way , wearily declaring that a `` new hand '' was pumping the bellows of the [FILTERED] organ , and concluding : `` In a controversy with an adversary so utterly destitute of moral principles , even a triumph would entitle the victor to no laurels . (Filtered Words: 2)
He remembered [FILTERED] , and the child . (Filtered Words: 1)
Does your policy have a lay-up clause ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Toys will not be collected at firehouses this year . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's got high blood pressure , too , and bum kidneys '' , the doctor said to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Slow successes . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' Then it was no bogey she had dreamed up ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Does she often speak of locations , of cause of death ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If he died before she did , she would never be unable to resist opening it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But I've got to take a chance on it '' , he told himself desperately . (Filtered Words: 0)
That night he reeled out of [FILTERED] dance hall and proceeded to disturb the peace by shooting off his revolver . (Filtered Words: 1)
In fact , all the folk who lived on the back of Cape Ann , they are not just like others . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most common of camp maladies was diarrhoea . (Filtered Words: 0)
Freeport houses social science , pure science , and language ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For one thing , there is a natural belt of rock across the river bed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He got hit from the blind side by the split end coming back on the second play of the game . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Soon '' , said the half-man . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] pondered the reason for this , and pondered too the replacement of one member of the three-man group . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , any such suggestion accounts for only some of the difficulties in hearing tone , or in developing a realistic attitude about tone , but not for the analytic difficulties that occur even when tone is meticulously recorded . (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ) (Filtered Words: 2)
A knot of old worshippers , chiefly women , listened weekly to a sermon . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , there are a few antithyroid drugs of this same general type , such as resorcinol , possessing no reducing activity and possibly acting through formation of a complex with molecular iodine . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man was leaning against the rock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Payne dismounted in Madison Place and handed the reins to Herold . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the converse at bottoms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just about to get their asses kicked into hut Seven . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I refused '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
His zest for specific detail , his sensitivity to emotional atmosphere , his tireless industry and his crisply turned prose all contribute to the effectiveness of his book . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have attempted to simplify the extensive task of analyzing onset ages and completion ages of each child -- more than 1700 values for the entire group -- by constructing figures for each of the 21 centers so that the data for all 34 boys and 34 of the girls will appear together for each growth center . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mileage allowances . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the other are organizations like the newly formed Nassau Library System , in a high-density area , with ample resources and a rapidly growing territory to serve . (Filtered Words: 0)
And all because of Domokous ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctor was wearing a long New England greatcoat , hardly necessary in the June weather but a garment which proved well adapted to the sequestration of hens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under scrutiny , two of the witnesses said , were payments and loans to Stein's National Maintenance company at 543 Madison St. . (Filtered Words: 0)
The affixed elements of collage were extruded , as it were , and cut off from the literal pictorial surface to form a bas-relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
All trials have identical probabilities of success . (Filtered Words: 0)
The variable costs alone are assigned to the different units of freight traffic as representing `` long-run out-of-pocket costs '' -- a term with a meaning here not distinctly different from that of the economist's `` long-run marginal costs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] suffered fractured ribs and chest cuts , hospital authorities said . (Filtered Words: 1)
The radiation doses required for the preservation of foods are in the following ranges : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fighting pleasure itself , he begged B'dikkat to check the records and to tell him how long he had been there . (Filtered Words: 0)
All search was ended ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The other patrons were taxi drivers and art students and small shopkeepers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Washington '' , President [FILTERED] has been heard to remark ironically , `` is a city of southern efficiency and northern charm '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
red-and-yellow columbines whose round-tipped spurs were picked off and eaten for the honey in them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Closely related to his illusions about his typicality is Krim's complicated feeling about his Jewishness . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's safe '' , Prevot had said , `` and it provides cover for our noise '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the man who brought sweet potatoes into Kanto is buried there , next to a beautiful seated statue of Fudo . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must learn to say with true faith what the psalmist said in a similar world : `` The Lord is my light and my salvation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet [FILTERED] plowed ahead , mouthing the inconsequential words as if they possessed real meaning , and gradually his listeners warmed to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the character flying that thing had gone over San Clemente Island yesterday he would have had an eyeful . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a mistake to look upon the Oedipus of Oedipus Complex as a literary descendant of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Design of the questionnaire (Filtered Words: 0)
There are various sets of exceptional lines , or lines whose images are not unique . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the best way to conceal and disguise the elements of an incest story is not to set out to write an incest story . (Filtered Words: 0)
If it comes down too hard on the potential dangers of fallout , it will box the President on resuming atmospheric tests . (Filtered Words: 0)
The argon flow through the porous anode was varied systematically between Af and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sleepy-eyed , soft-spoken [FILTERED] , Biggest thorn in my side of the whole fucken squad . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had plenty of work to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rebs who owned slaves occasionally would include in their letters admonitions or greetings to members of the Negro community . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Illinois Commission for Handicapped Children , which for 20 years has had the responsibility of coordinating the services of tax supported and voluntary organizations serving handicapped children , of studying the needs of handicapped children in Illinois , and of promoting more adequate services for them , indeed welcomes this new important resource which will help the people of Illinois toward the goal of providing an education for all of its children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I found a radish . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make up your mind to pool your resources and get the most out of your remaining years of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may do as you please with God now . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] would then accuse them of creating a monopoly by `` unfair competition '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He finished the worship service as if there had been no brazen attempt to dishonor God and man . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be literary license calculated to glamorize life to say that he , oh , dropped his napkin , so startled was he by [FILTERED] beauty . (Filtered Words: 1)
The reasons for this enchantment are numerous , but most of them end in `` ova '' , `` eva '' , or `` aya '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The big car sprang away from the curb like something alive . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have the whole Pacific Northwest '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] emerged as an incarnation of the national Constitution . (Filtered Words: 1)
Kidnaper spurns ransom ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Satisfied at last , and after a few amorous gambits on her part which convinced [FILTERED] that [FILTERED] was capable of learning new arts , she opened the window and called to her liveried driver . (Filtered Words: 2)
or , to put the same thing in physiological terms , that the performance-capacity of the tactual apparatus , from the periphery up to the tactual centers in the brain , -- that is , from one end to the other -- was unimpaired '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When my [FILTERED] offered me a part-time job which would take care of my normal expenses and give me time to paint I accepted . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` There is a man named [FILTERED] who is the foreman in charge of the bricklayers at Majdanek . (Filtered Words: 1)
she'd been picked up downtown , passed out in the doorway . (Filtered Words: 0)
In upper teen Jewish life , the non-college group tends to have a sense of marginality . (Filtered Words: 0)
B'dikkat was sterilizing his knives . (Filtered Words: 0)
When more than two figures are separated by subtraction symbols the subtraction must be carried out from the left to right if the result is to be correct . (Filtered Words: 0)
The specification of the objective function of which the optimization is desired . (Filtered Words: 0)
A quick touchdown resulted . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the final accounting , these would have augmented the bill for both sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Cheerful way to spend an evening '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] hurried through the swinging door . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the new style , the Department was berated as intellectually barren and unable to produce the vital ideas needed to outwit the Russians . (Filtered Words: 0)
An underground reinforced concrete shelter can be built by a contractor for about $1,000 to $1,500 , depending on the type of entrance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The program was instituted in 1940 , and releases are available only from the Recording Laboratory of the Library of Congress , Washington 25 , D.C. . (Filtered Words: 0)
thus early forecasting of the pubescent stage would appear possible for only seven boys . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simple elongation has been treated in detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her parents , pious Roman Catholics , christened her [FILTERED] Magdalene Steichen . (Filtered Words: 1)
The facsiport rolled open on the landscape . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recent research on Irenaeus , however , makes it evident that he does not consistently maintain this distinction . (Filtered Words: 0)
All Martin thought he needed was time : to what better use could time be put ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Report of case (Filtered Words: 0)
For some significant new items see the pictures . (Filtered Words: 0)
He never let me know that my visit was about to terminate until the actual morning I was to leave for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some formulas contain `` constants '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There may be other 1961 state committee retirements come April 18 , but they will be leaving by choice of the Republican voters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us put Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
In thousands of school districts , indeed , in the entire State of Mississippi , no plaintiff has come forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
These basic ideas concerning the nature of religion were , [FILTERED] believed , some of the major keys to the understanding of history and the movement of society . (Filtered Words: 1)
details on marketing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Not a chance of opening here Nov. 28 -- barring that miracle . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was more than joy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dallas Texans were back home Monday with their third victory in four American Football League starts -- a 19-12 triumph over the Denver Broncos -- but their visit will be a short one . (Filtered Words: 0)
7 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The conductor did recall having priests as passengers and this satisfied police , although the conductor also pointed out that in heavily Catholic Fall River there were priests riding on almost every trip the streetcar made , so Morse's statement really proved nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
They're not even food . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the anniversary of her sixteenth year in her shell , [FILTERED] was unconditionally graduated and installed in her ship , the Aj . (Filtered Words: 1)
Well -- I'll take it down with me as I go '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then there was the caterer's ad which read : `` are you getting married or having an affair ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He could conceivably have wished to make sure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hell with it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His glance at Gyp Carmer was disdainful . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this first development the supplier signing the lease is a major oil company but in turn the deal is being transferred for operation to its local fueloil distributor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sharp cries at the end of the valley were faint . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's -- cold '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Waters injured his left knee in the last game of the 1960 season . (Filtered Words: 0)
I looked back at pale ovals framed in the elongated oval of the car's rear window . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the impact of a rising rate of household formation this decade should not be exaggerated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is your R & D or product development program tuned in to the commercial realities of the market ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally no woman can ever completely monopolize the sexual initiative . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once we get over the mountains others will come along . (Filtered Words: 0)
Use audio-visual aids . (Filtered Words: 0)
He can ( 1 ) point his car resolutely at the invading fender and force the other driver back into [FILTERED] A ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
These men are considered managers of engineers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Already the President and the First Lady have deputized him to advise on matters ranging from the furnishing of the White House to the renovation of Lafayette Square . (Filtered Words: 0)
The differentiation between the East Coast and West Coast schools of jazz , the differences between the `` hard bop '' school of Rollins , and the `` cerebral '' experiments of Tristano , [FILTERED] and Marsh , the general differences in the mores of white and Negro musicians , all had become fairly well known to certain segments of the public . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is clearly a deficiency in T . (Filtered Words: 0)
The specific reasons for a long-term approach (Filtered Words: 0)
I've had enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You could also say that in these pamphlets is a relieving quality of maturity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Placing missiles in submarines , on barges , railroads , highways , surface vessels and in the air provides them with passive protection by taking advantage of the gravest weakness of long-range ballistic missiles today -- the extreme difficulty of destroying a mobile or moving target with such weapons . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thin man said , `` That-a-way '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , information is retrieved from the dictionary as required by stages of the translation process -- the grammatical description for sentence-structure determination , equivalent-choice information for semantic analysis , and target-language equivalents for output construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The constant-temperature contours are much smoother than those observed at 4.3 mm by Coates ( 1959 ) and apparently the emission at 8 mm is not nearly so sensitive to differences in surface features . (Filtered Words: 0)
I just hope it doesn't work on Earthmen too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
We had entertained exaggerated ideas about our victory automatically establishing our system throughout the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The choice of the single member district was dictated to a certain extent by problems of communication and understanding in the more remote areas of the country , but it also served to minimize the national political value of the elections . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is true , of course , that the end or objective of this action was different . (Filtered Words: 0)
The car was now in sight . (Filtered Words: 0)
She has a pretty bad cold '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Garth hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each pin is individually sprung to a tensioning member which is driven outwardly in the slot . (Filtered Words: 0)
A visit to Chicago's museums and a stroll around broad Michigan Avenue will unfold many photogenic subjects to the alert photographer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Harold shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
So the results are subject to considerable confusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
She put the slipper neatly by its mate at the foot of the bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he took repeated care to let his colleagues know that he intended them : `` Even the Unitarian churches have caught the malaria , and are worse than those who deceived them '' -- which implied that they were very bad indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
And over 66 per cent of the elementary schools with 150 or more pupils do not have any library at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be hard to decide what this labor is worth , but charge something for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had chosen this night purposely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of these chewing troubles , a child may avoid certain foods he needs for adequate nutrition . (Filtered Words: 0)
This information was accepted with the frequent interpretation that those persons who did not show arm-levitation must be preventing it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He left in a storm for Pocasset , December 4 , 1638 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bottom part of a burrow has a number of side tunnels or `` cells '' , each of which is provided with an egg plus a store of beebread . (Filtered Words: 0)
Secondly , to find a learned diversion and a pleasing joke in More's account of the stupid brutalities of early sixteenth century wars , of the anguish of the poor and dispossessed , of the insolence and cruelty of the rich and powerful requires a callousness toward suffering and sin that would be surprising in a moral imbecile and most surprising in More himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The actions of Bridget should be examined , since she was there and opportunity did exist , if only to establish her innocence . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In view of the current expansion , which promises to be substantial '' he said the odds appear to favor rising interest rates in coming months , but `` there is reason to believe the change will not be as abrupt as in 1958 nor as severe as in late 1959 and 1960 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Industry's main criticism of the Navy's antisubmarine effort is that it cannot determine where any one company or industry can apply its skills and know-how . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it remains to be seen if the new frontier now taking form can produce the leadership and wisdom necessary to understand the current shape of events . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
He is by no means the country boy he might have been in the last century , down from the hills with bear grease on his hair and a zeal for book learning in his heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is never motion towards something . (Filtered Words: 0)
They could be sent to U.S. ports for rulings whether cargo should be confiscated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Urged in 1954 (Filtered Words: 0)
It was decided to strip the whole area down to the bricks , and to replace the rough coats up to one inch thickness to agree with the older artists' preparation , with a mortar , one part slaked lime , three parts sand , to be put on in two layers . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We are now witnessing an effort to transfer to Mr. [FILTERED] some of the glow of Sen. [FILTERED]'s candidacy of last year . (Filtered Words: 2)
These publications may be secured as follows : The Annual Catalog from the Director of Admissions and other issues from the Publications Office . (Filtered Words: 0)
She held [FILTERED]'s letter , his words burning like a brand , and knew suddenly that the bonds between them were severed . (Filtered Words: 1)
He tried to tell himself that maybe [FILTERED] had sobered up enough to get some sense . (Filtered Words: 1)
He missed the 1955 season because of an operation on the ailing knee , then played 77 minutes in 1956 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It should be noted , however , that the paraxial resolution is quite similar for both electron optical systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
He queried . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was unable to bring about immediate expansion , he sought to convince another National League club to move here . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the Discours de la methode and the Principia the things undreamt of in Horatio's philosophy seem to pass from the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next September , after receiving a degree from Yale's Master of Arts in Teaching Program , I will be teaching somewhere -- that much is guaranteed by the present shortage of mathematics teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she was . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dietary influences (Filtered Words: 0)
Coupling its own budget of $83,750 with a $30,000 state grant authorized by Gov. [FILTERED] , the group expects to sign a contract in March with Georgia Tech. . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'll tell you nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
She laughed a little and tossed the dregs rakishly around in her glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
Poets , moreover , dwell on human passions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hit (Filtered Words: 0)
Told them I can handle this '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
How about you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Remove all the loose spacing bars . (Filtered Words: 0)
In exactly three minutes , go in that phone booth behind you and call Police Headquarters . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were reluctant to appoint sheriffs to protect the property , thus running the risk of creating disturbances such as that on the [FILTERED] , and yet the cowboys protested that they got no salary for arresting cattle thieves and running the risk of being shot . (Filtered Words: 1)
He has designed a matching backdrop and costumes of points of color on white for Mr. [FILTERED]'s Summerspace , so that dancers and background merge into a shimmering unity . (Filtered Words: 1)
Service at these levels of production and utilization will eventually require the construction of about 379,900 miles of new roads and 6,000 miles of new trails , along with the reconstruction to higher standards of about 105,000 miles of roads and 10,500 miles of trails . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are also struck by the fact that this story of a boy's love for his mother does not offend , while the incestuous love of the man , [FILTERED] , sometimes repels . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some tried to ignore the blot on the bedroom's countenance . (Filtered Words: 0)
What remained lacked the original verve but it was at least dignified , as befitting the tragic circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pain seems short and the pleasure seems long . (Filtered Words: 0)
) The curve of faded terra-cotta-colored houses in front of the church seems like a stage set . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cracking mechanism (Filtered Words: 0)
'25 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
No . (Filtered Words: 0)
to make payments of $1,000 on the principal of each award of more than $1,000 in principal amount , certified pursuant to Section 5 of this Title ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
bright flowers from the trumpet vine that made `` gloves '' on the ends of ten waggling fingers . (Filtered Words: 0)
To continue their important conversations about the Tunisian issue and the whole range of other problems , Mr. [FILTERED] invited [FILTERED] to Cape Cod for the weekend . (Filtered Words: 2)
Even as I said it I realized that an education can be invaluable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now here is truly a marvel . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Outing Club also owns a chain of fourteen cabins and several shelters , extending from the Vermont hills , just across the river from the college , through Hanover to the College Grant -- 27,000 acres of wilderness 140 miles north up in the logging country . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` People never live forever '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mmm '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Slice o' mutton , bhoy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not speak . (Filtered Words: 0)
If all forms of a paradigm are grouped together within the dictionary , a considerable reduction in the amount of information required is possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
The past usefulness of the anti-trust laws to management was explained by [FILTERED] , in The Folklore of Capitalism , back in 1937 . (Filtered Words: 1)
In January , 1960 , the first issue of The Carleton Miscellany , a quarterly literary magazine , was published by the College . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a few innings the Anniston team couldn't figure him out . (Filtered Words: 0)
If this practice should take root and spread , the man who submits a manuscript to a publisher will find himself reviewed before he is accepted and publication will become a sort of post-mortem formality . (Filtered Words: 0)
His reading ranged from Agatha Christie to The Book Of Job and he had an insatiable interest in his fellow-creatures , while his letters were full of gossip about new politicians and old men of letters with whom he had been intimately thrown six decades before . (Filtered Words: 0)
Students testify to a felt need for a religious faith or ultimate personal philosophy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cobb's assent was tight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three separate amplifiers then drive a 21-inch tricolor tube . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was laughed off the screen . (Filtered Words: 0)
The physician led the horses to the stable after a cursory glance at the cringing slave . (Filtered Words: 0)
Americana (Filtered Words: 0)
The men in the boats had started yelling happily at first sight of the officer , two of them calling him [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
With cash receipts from marketings expected to be slightly above 1960 , farmers' gross income is estimated at $39.5 billion , $1.5 billion above 1960's record high . (Filtered Words: 0)
We will now speak of the ways in which it helped shape the ideals of the country and of the manner in which it stimulated efforts to attain those ideals through reform movements , through programmes for bringing the collective life to the nation to conformity to Christian standards , and through leaders in the government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their seeds produce vigorous blooming plants half again the size of the unimproved strains . (Filtered Words: 0)
Questions shelters (Filtered Words: 0)
The side ones are a half-inch narrower . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although faculties insist on governing themselves , they grant little prestige to a member who actively participates in college or university government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , he would bring the [FILTERED] safely into New York harbor but at a price . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'll start sneezing in a minute , sitting on these cold steps . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when the child dies in [FILTERED]'s story in a delirium that is somehow brought on by his mania to win and to make his mother rich , the manifest absurdity of such a disease and such a death does not enter into our thoughts at all . (Filtered Words: 1)
In June , 1960 , an early draft of the questionnaire , along with a cover letter , was mailed to fourteen companies in the state of Washington . (Filtered Words: 0)
Various methods of pulsing , scanning , and displaying these sound waves are used to detect submarines , map ocean floors , and even communicate under water . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Trustees of the Foundation appointed Dr. [FILTERED] to that position with the stated expectation that he would succeed the present Secretary General upon the latter's eventual retirement . (Filtered Words: 1)
It has given considerable trouble at times and empties right into the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nobody came until Chief Moore '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The functions F and B have exactly the same multiplicity at every argument T . (Filtered Words: 0)
In an essentially static system , an oil cannot be replaced by water on a surface unless the interfacial tensions of the water phase are reduced by a surface-active agent . (Filtered Words: 0)
It must have been the sort of look that can call a bluff without saying a word . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the play opens the audience is introduced to the community of Salem in Puritan America at the end of the eighteenth century . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] to confide in and consult . (Filtered Words: 2)
The Kansas Turnpike offers an illustration . (Filtered Words: 0)
You thought I was a Mexican , didn't you , buddy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This involves step-by-step progress , and such will have to be the day-by-day work of lexicostatistics as a growing body of scientific inquiry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next , let us consider briefly the program and administrative implications of a failure on our part to pursue our appeals . (Filtered Words: 0)
You told me to bring my camera . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wouldn't have the stuff in the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of these is the fact that the knife employed , no matter how well sharpened , will have a slightly rounded cutting edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What you see are self-help projects '' , John said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's a tower and a steeple on the church a million feet high . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked with a reportorial gleam in her eye . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think you're wrong , Eddie '' , he said finally . (Filtered Words: 0)
Haney felt a twinge of annoyance when he heard the now familiar line again . (Filtered Words: 0)
A low-power , `` carrier-current '' broadcasting station , KARL , heard only in the campus dormitories , is owned and operated by the students to provide an outlet for student dramatic , musical , literary , technical , and other talents , and to furnish information , music , and entertainment for campus listeners . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even at this short distance they were only vague shapes , setting up the machine gun on a small knoll so that it could fire above the heads of the rest of the patrol . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] did that in the war . (Filtered Words: 1)
It enclosed her clammy hands and twined around her ankles . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] Temple of the Shrine ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Here , as in the Byrd case , another element of state procedure was subsumed to federal judge-made law . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Electron-microscopical and physical-chemical methods were used to demonstrate the renaturation of heat-denatured collagen and ribonucleic acid . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't worry about it , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Registrations of new cars in Dallas County cracked the 3,000 mark in March for the first time this year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Congressman [FILTERED] has been all-powerful in immigration matters , but he has announced plans to retire in 1962 . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is the most penny-wise , pound-foolish chisel a builder can commit . (Filtered Words: 0)
An oversize unit will cool off your house quickly , then shut down for a long period . (Filtered Words: 0)
the headsman swung his axe ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The murderer lifted his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What the hell do you think baseball is ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] administration moves haltingly toward a Geneva conference on Laos just as serious debate over its foreign policy erupts for the first time . (Filtered Words: 1)
A narrow professionalism (Filtered Words: 0)
The police captain chortled . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` To give up these notions required a revolution in thought '' , Mr. [FILTERED] said in reminiscing about the abrupt changes in ideas he experienced when he began reading `` Organic Gardening '' And `` Modern Nutrition '' in a search for help with his problems . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , as a practicing historian , he , himself , has left few clues to the amount of professional scholarship that he used when writing history . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prieur has gout and depends on [FILTERED]' pills and bleedings . (Filtered Words: 1)
Opera in the Grand Tradition , along with mah-jongg , seems to be staging a well-deserved comeback . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chestnuts are starchy . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] insisted that `` we know enough to sue for the full amount '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Few people realize that one kiloton of nuclear explosive power will create 1,000 psi overpressure at 100 feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man does not make that kind of gamble if he suspects that one or more of the limited number of tenure positions is being reserved for members of the `` family '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , the student trains on his hapless parents the heavy artillery of his newly acquired psychological and sociological insights . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a mound of bleached human bones and skulls at the base of the big wooden derrick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today the cancer is gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Ill. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Does your policy have a lay-up clause ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No longer than yours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Burnham , in his excellent article ( 1955 ) concerning schizophrenic communication , includes mention of similar clinical material . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is therefore nothing about them to which an attitude of approval or condemnation could be fitting . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I was expecting it , sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
A young man was killed and two others injured at midnight Friday when the car they were riding slid into a utility pole on Lake Avenue near Waddell Street , NE , police said . (Filtered Words: 0)
A detailed energy balance of the anode was established . (Filtered Words: 0)
The facsiport rolled open on the landscape . (Filtered Words: 0)
Confederate Constitution , 1861 (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked mighty interested , though . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something I had simply never thought of . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's my line of work '' , he said (Filtered Words: 0)
We propose a method for selecting only dictionary information required by the text being translated and a means for passing the information directly to the occurrences in text . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was to be expected that Stanley would be shy , slow in taking such a momentous step . (Filtered Words: 0)
Music , of course , is not so explicit an art , but anybody who knew [FILTERED] knows that he felt much the same way about his own gift . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a succession of picture-images passing through his mind : the same ones , different ones , in no apparent sequence , in no logical succession . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm just a poor ex-jazz man , name of -- uh -- [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
If you run into excess plug fouling on one truck , check to be sure that the rig has a thermostat . (Filtered Words: 0)
The house has been swept so clean that contemporary man has been left with no means , or at best with wholly inadequate means , for dealing with his experience of spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
During these years the company's product line followed the basic tenets laid down by Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Often , in working out-of-doors under all conditions of light and atmosphere , a particular passage that looked favorable in relation to the subject will be too bright , too dull , or too light , or too dark when viewed indoors in a mat . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s glance began to flicker to his watch . (Filtered Words: 1)
There are increasing numbers of neighborhoods that are integrated residentially without great loss of property values , the white population having taken the initiative in preparing the areas for an appreciation of the Negroes' desire for well-kept housing , privacy , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note extent of these interests and how available they will be for the public to enjoy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The place smelled strongly of rank , fertile earth , rotting wood and urine . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you suppose his self-consciousness is characteristic of the new Negro professionals or merely of doctors in general '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In Dunston the rent would run close to two hundred a month ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the use of tripods is not allowed . (Filtered Words: 0)
While Hans devoted himself to the sciences of medicine , physics , and astronomy , his brother studied law . (Filtered Words: 0)
The work program , as it was originally proposed , was to take five years to complete . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both the photocathode and the image plane of such an electrode configuration are curved concave as seen from the anode aperture . (Filtered Words: 0)
For irradiation of food , the results obtained depend upon the dose rather than the specific type of radiation , and X-ray , gamma , and high-energy electron radiation are suitable . (Filtered Words: 0)
He assembled a group of 25 men , composed of wounded troopers awaiting evacuation , the company clerk , supply men , cooks and drivers , and led them to the hill . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm sorry '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the heading of it's an ill wind , et cetera '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
a wallet with $450 in it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Remember what I said about going out to get anybody left behind ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
) Mrs. [FILTERED] , wife of the Secretary of Labor , paints professionally and helps sponsor the Associated Artists' Gallery in the District of Columbia . (Filtered Words: 1)
He took up a white sheet of paper , dark with single-spaced data . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] hadn't brought his along . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Please '' , she said , `` please '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hit (Filtered Words: 0)
St. John 12 , 13 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile spring had passed well into summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's plenty warm '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grumbled [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The crowd staged its own mad scene in salvos of cheers and applause and finally a standing ovation as Miss [FILTERED] took curtain call after curtain call following a fantastic `` Mad Scene '' created on her own and with the help of the composer and the other performers . (Filtered Words: 1)
The unit of form is determined subjectively : `` the Heart , by the way of the Breath , to the Line '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're a sweetheart -- but leave one line open . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matsuo jumped when the hidden arm flopped out . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm not a plaster saint . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this respect , the general palatability and individual acceptance of most radiosterilized foods has , to date , been found to be low in comparison with fresh and commercially processed foods . (Filtered Words: 0)
His objective is merely to determine `` what distinctions of length and syllabicity it may be desirable to make explicit in a [FILTERED] orthography '' ( 59 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I told you what Miss [FILTERED]'s doctor said '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Within this notion clarity is possible , but for us who are neither Greek nor Jansenist there is not such clarity . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wait for the charge ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
We allow no underwater endurance contests , either , or inexpert versions of water polo . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mando , pleading her cause , must have said that Dr. [FILTERED] was the most distinguished physician in the United States of America , for our man poured out his symptoms and drew a madly waving line indicating the irregularity of his pulse . (Filtered Words: 1)
Open market policy (Filtered Words: 0)
The codes in the red box -- there are several of them covering various contingencies -- are contained in a sealed X-ray-proof `` unique device '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dolce Vita get-together boasted a strip tease ( carried as far as a black slip ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Cool '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
A weapons carrier took [FILTERED] , Todman , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Walters and the others the two miles from the bivouac area to the strip . (Filtered Words: 3)
the Honorable [FILTERED] , Sr. , at that time a justice of the New York Supreme Court , was on the reception committee . (Filtered Words: 1)
But [FILTERED] did not leave before he had written a letter to a [FILTERED] in Salem , Massachusetts , apparently an acquaintance , praising Washington and saying that the slanders propagated about him were `` opposed by the general current of the people to exalt General Gates at the expense of General Washington was injurious to the latter . (Filtered Words: 2)
Life is further characterized , in antithesis to Piepsam , as animal : the image of a dog , which appears at several places , is first given as the criterion of amiable , irrelevant interest aroused by life considered simply as a spectacle : a dog in a wagon is `` admirable '' , `` a pleasure to contemplate '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Cleveland , Ohio ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If you are a nonresident alien and a resident of Puerto Rico , your return is also due June 15 , 1962 , or the 15th day of the 6th month after the close of your fiscal year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Local jobs can be seen and counted , while opportunities elsewhere are regarded as more hypothetical . (Filtered Words: 0)
but I hear the thunder roll ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One might well wonder why the `` public is always wrong '' and the question raised is about as awkward as the one concerned with the chicken and the egg . (Filtered Words: 0)
The state may decide to encourage local programs by paying half of the cost , or the state may require the local district to bear this half or some part of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clams , crabs , and other marine life may add interest at coastal areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a split second , [FILTERED] relaxed his grip and Poet's slippery body spun completely around before [FILTERED] could stop him , holding him now from the rear . (Filtered Words: 1)
Once the door was open , they crowded him inside the dark building . (Filtered Words: 0)
Financial aspects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Replies to requests for character reference are notorious for their evasive double-entendre . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was just miserable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind it a cabin cruiser drifted crossways in the small ground-swell , a lone fisherman in the chair aft . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seated in front of the desk , Hank said , `` I'm looking for some information with very little to go on , Sheriff '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , 37 , a mystery man presumed to be Russian although he carries a Canadian passport . (Filtered Words: 1)
The expedient thing -- yes , very true , one must make do as one could , in some situations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , when the Russians sent up their first sputnik , American chagrin was human enough , and American determination to put American satellites into orbit was perfectly understandable . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Metrecal is a pretty complete food '' , he says . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He swayed like a drunkard , his arms milling in slow circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Less ambitious freeway plans may be more successful -- especially when the roadways and interchanges are raised , allowing for cross access at many points and providing parking areas below the ramp . (Filtered Words: 0)
And his belief is not to his discredit . (Filtered Words: 0)
She took it with her wherever she went ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For better subway services (Filtered Words: 0)
Members of the committee include Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] 3 , , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] 2 , and Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 16)
to Washington , D.C. , for an eye-filling tour of the city ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Science is mocked for wishing to know nothing of Nothing , in a last ditch effort to save the gods at the expense of men . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other bill , by Sen. [FILTERED] of Paris , would relieve real estate brokers , who pay their own annual licensing fee , from the $12 annual occupation license on brokers in such as stocks and bonds . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here he sketched , sitting in their flowing gowns of linen and silk , young girls not yet twenty , some about to be married , some married a year or two . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were pink bathing suits on blondes , and browny-haired girls in red or black or green bathing suits . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet after 1832 , the interrelations of economic and social and political affairs become blurred and the narrative becomes largely a conventional political account . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's awkward , you see that , isn't it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing like Godot , he arrived before the hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
In earlier years , the preservation of food was essentially related to survival . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the silence that followed , [FILTERED] walked close to Mrs. [FILTERED] , who drew back a step on her side of the gate . (Filtered Words: 2)
Not me , anyway . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it was fun those first days , kidding about the trail of garments he left littered across the rug . (Filtered Words: 0)
Af is the normal compressive force acting on the shear plane ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not leave the road because of the water-filled drainage ditch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do employees contribute their share of money to recreational facilities ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) That because of the low viscosity of the fluid , the internal pressure is the same in all directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
After reading `` Plowman's Folly '' by [FILTERED] , he stopped plowing . (Filtered Words: 1)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had all been laughing , joking , when suddenly the engine had failed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inside the crown , stuffed behind the stained sweatband , could be seen thin , crumpled wads of currency . (Filtered Words: 0)
No margin for error (Filtered Words: 0)
the many little tricks she knew made her embrace the ultimate one -- the ever more fantastic pressures deeper in her body squeezed not me but the air I breathed into a nitrogen anesthetic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly , a girl who graduates with a good working knowledge of stenography and the use of clerical machines and who is able to get a job at once may wish to improve her skill and knowledge by a year or two of further study in a community college or secretarial school . (Filtered Words: 0)
Regency -- Truman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tap the `` A '' pieces 2-56 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The artist who paints in oil uses drying oils to carry the pigments and to protect his finished work for the ages . (Filtered Words: 0)
His metier was the American tropics , and he had lived all over Latin America and among the primitive tribes on the Amazon river . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Such as ' sending the cat to guard the mice ' , or ' the falcon to protect the dove ' , or most terribly sharp of all , ' the human being to save humanity ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Styka were silent . (Filtered Words: 1)
What was true for archaeology was also true of place-name studies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather , such assignments are made , as they must be , on the basis of certain overall rules and standards , representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem , taking into account for each situation some of the variables ( e.g. , power and station separations ) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
I just don't want anyone disturbed , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Approximately ten days after the questionnaire was mailed , a follow-up airmail postcard was sent to each of the original names . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most Jewish mothers are determined to exercise vigilance over the social and sexual lives of their daughters by keeping them home . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This snake was very beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
The owner of the painting got it for $750,000 , sold it for $500,000 in a market crash , and bought it back for $590,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although this technique is simple and satisfactory , one practical difficulty does exist : the direction of true north must be known for each launch point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] couldn't remember his saying any such thing . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was during her `` writing '' period that she and [FILTERED] met and decided that they were in love . (Filtered Words: 1)
but he might have been shooing away the fleas that hopped from his yellow dog onto him . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was her first day in Rome and it was June . (Filtered Words: 0)
If , on the other hand , it is not settled , or while it is being debated and resolved , does the Federal government have a responsibility in situations like that in Prince Edward County ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's talk about the beach . (Filtered Words: 0)
The day before Election Day , to which we are entitled as a legal holiday , we were informed to report to our respective polls to work as `` workers of the party '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion integrates and unifies . (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance , there have been two Presidential Commissions on higher education since World War 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My name is [FILTERED] , missy . (Filtered Words: 1)
and we were able to decide on some amplification of scale . (Filtered Words: 0)
flux gain of a single stage (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) In the critical micelle region , there is a rapid agglomeration or polymerization to give the micelles , which have a degree of polymerization averaging around 60 - 80 . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Thursday evening we may go out of town together by some stage or mail about the distance of ten or twelve miles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bunk he lay on was much more uncomfortable than the acceleration couches on board . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , he was called , in honor of the man who was at once [FILTERED]'s pensioner and his most bitter detractor . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Oh '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nara , Osaka , and Hiroshima (Filtered Words: 0)
But we could wait all right ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt wonderful , the absolute opposite of last night's melancholy . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was something about his face that disturbed me and it took several seconds to realize what . (Filtered Words: 0)
A second scene flashed before his mind , the interior of the garage at the new house and the young [FILTERED] girl turning startled to meet him , the dim dark and the sudden confusion and fear and then the brightness as [FILTERED] had clicked on the light . (Filtered Words: 2)
The Transit Authority has recently placed in operation `` hold '' lights at BMT Thirty-ninth and Fifty-ninth Street stations in Brooklyn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each semester every student must attend ten of the services or religious meetings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even her voice had taken on a more cultivated tone . (Filtered Words: 0)
We had tea at Mr. [FILTERED]'s home where I learned that he , too , comes from a very wealthy family . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two spots open (Filtered Words: 0)
Recklessly hurling the bronc sidewise into an intersecting draw , he plunged forward with undiminished speed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty said , `` That's all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , it gives meaning to much social endeavor , and logic , consistency , and meaning to life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps these writers have been too deeply moved by this romanticizing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Last week most of the other prizes , once offered to Pittsburgh , went on the block . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Go change your shoes before you turn around '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Question raised (Filtered Words: 0)
But the disposition to rebel is most definitely there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Higher tolls are planned for July 1 , 1961 , on the Richmond-Petersburg , Va. , Turnpike , and proposals for increased tolls on the Texas Turnpike are under study . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is much more a personal difference . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cost didn't matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she was afraid the First Lady would not understand , because [FILTERED] was a perfect angel with the First Family . (Filtered Words: 1)
He said , `` I'm not going to leave my wife and my car out here in sight of those '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
He disdains external restrictions -- conventional syntax , traditional metre . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This is our tultul , a jumping platform , aku . (Filtered Words: 0)
Families with children usually don't want the house quite so cool . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her extendibles were diverted , connected or augmented and the final , delicate-beyond-description brain taps were completed while [FILTERED] remained anesthetically unaware of the proceedings . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Tell him I made a pass at you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They waited three minutes and then crept out on tip-toe ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Larkin has an answer to all that . (Filtered Words: 0)
That cold , empty sky was full of fire and light . (Filtered Words: 0)
New Mexico's [FILTERED] offered a resolution to change the Senate's notorious Rule 22 to allow three-fifths of the Senators present and voting to cut off debate , instead of the current hard-to-get two-thirds . (Filtered Words: 1)
His treatment of it is something else . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] grinned , and changed the subject . (Filtered Words: 1)
The second list was derived from a group of approximately 8,000 names supplied to the research team by the Aerospace Industries Association . (Filtered Words: 0)
The New York Herald Tribune's photographer , [FILTERED] , tells an anecdote about the time he wanted to take a picture of [FILTERED] playing a guitar . (Filtered Words: 2)
Heat's bad for frostbite . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No-o-o . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps it was right ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sat down in his high-backed stall , lips compressed , eyes glinting . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet this cannot be proved . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is usually something of an underdog , he must battle the organized police force as well as recognized criminals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Communications (Filtered Words: 0)
Funds may be readily donated for some purposes but not others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lautner , for his part , `` belonged to the present-day race of small artists , who do not demand the utmost of themselves '' , and the bitter description of the type includes such epithets as `` wretched little poseurs '' , the devastating indictment `` they do not know how to be wretched decently and in order '' , and the somewhat extreme prophecy , so far not fulfilled : `` They will be destroyed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Enthusiastically , Americans have swept subliterary and bogus materials like [FILTERED] tales , [FILTERED] anecdotes and labor union songs up as true products of our American oral tradition . (Filtered Words: 2)
Psychologically the reception should be the climax , following the sermon . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Rests the tissues '' , he said , `` and pacifies the system . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out and out and never to return again . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had not heard it ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
the two may in fact be identical . (Filtered Words: 0)
there might even be two or more candidates for voters to choose from . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Approximately 45% of the expenditures for the Department of Defense are for procurement , research , development , and construction programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took one step , two , broke into a trot and then into a run . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cotton processing equipment is a sizable segment of Dallas business economy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] will return next week from Bermuda . (Filtered Words: 1)
Limit yourself to good meat and drink , with bread , salad , corn or potatoes as accessories . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all cases , most of the activity lay in the region of high anionic binding capacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Historical existence is a created good . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Maryland militia had likewise fled , all too typical of this type of soldier during the Revolution , an experience which gave [FILTERED] little confidence in militia in general , as he watched other instances of their breaking in hot engagements . (Filtered Words: 1)
Residential building consists of houses , apartments , hotels , dormitories and other buildings designed for shelter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Goddamn niggers , Lord . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
In the past , it has been the husband who has been dominant and the wife passive . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Government also is aiding farmers' income prospects . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the aid of matching federal funds available under Section 701 of the Housing Act of 1954 as amended , the planning division began a one year program July 1 , 1960 to complete the inventory phase of the state planning program . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for The Book of the Dead , it along with his other books on religion had been incarcerated in a furnace in the basement of the building in which he had lived in New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
We should encourage the governments to develop their own technical assistance to communities , state and provincial governments , rural communities , and other smaller groups , making certain that no important segment of the economy is neglected . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one ever learned what happened to the Greek . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was good and they knew that what he was doing for them he would do all over the United States some day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is the matter one for the United Nations or some other international body ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Fiedler went on to make several other test flights before German pilots took over the Reichenberg missiles . (Filtered Words: 0)
For his first five years in prison , they had shared a cell . (Filtered Words: 0)
We would all meet at ten o'clock at the Kehl bridge , five miles from Strasbourg , and march triumphantly across into Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , even the highly trained law clerk who was a part of [FILTERED]'s total make-up could not understand how the principle could ever be codified . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'd win hands down . (Filtered Words: 0)
The eyeteeth ( third from the middle on top , counting each front tooth as the first ) beginning to protrude like fangs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like this murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Business leaders are aware now that they suffer greatly from any outbreak of violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
In what has aptly been called a `` constitutional revolution '' , the basic nature of government was transformed from one essentially negative in nature ( the `` night-watchman state '' ) to one with affirmative duties to perform . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seats on square (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We know [FILTERED] spent some -- and Carmer must have dropped a few dollars getting that load on '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The continuities , contrasts , and similarities discernible when past and present are surveyed together are inexhaustible and the one is often understood through the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
And Grey's Northumberland background was close to [FILTERED]'s own . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'll shore be needing ye both on the pull out o' the canyon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Palmer , meanwhile , had been having his troubles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The matter of sympathy of the academic professors for art objectives also must be taken into account . (Filtered Words: 0)
If there is nothing evil in these things , if they get their moral complexion only from our feeling about them , why shouldn't they be greeted with a cheer ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The performances were assured , communicative and pleasingly informal . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , clerk of the board , said that the appeals will be reviewed in December at the time the board is visiting new construction sites in the town for assessment purposes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sometimes , Mrs. [FILTERED] would close herself in the Green Suite on the second floor , and play the piano she had brought to the White House . (Filtered Words: 1)
Chapter fourteen (Filtered Words: 0)
their maid gave him an envelope with a check in it and shut the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
the prolusion in which the autobiographic statement about the epithet occurs is such a mass of intentionally buried allusions that almost nothing in it can be accepted as true -- or discarded as false . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked , keeping his voice casual . (Filtered Words: 0)
After Kahn's death in 1924 Scott wrote : `` May he rest in peace with the eternal gratitude of his adopted country '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The firm does a large amount of research and its forecasts have meaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the scene he has just as clearly shown his military strength in unprovocative but ready position . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Onset Profile and Completion Profile are constructed to serve as norms for children . (Filtered Words: 0)
If love reflects the nature of man , as [FILTERED] Y [FILTERED] believes , if the person in love betrays decisively what he is by his behavior in love , then the writers of the beat generation are creating a new literary genre . (Filtered Words: 2)
Four for Alvin (Filtered Words: 0)
The promoter who wanted to sign him up for the circus asked him how he was able to do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hall , on the other hand , appeared lifeless and deserted on these long waterfront afternoons . (Filtered Words: 0)
The largest of these organizations at present denies to the full time educator any vote on the conduct and standards of the group and , indeed , refuses him even the right to attach the customary initials after his name in the college catalog . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reverend [FILTERED] was understandably bitter . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet everywhere else sameness was stucco and wood in square blocks -- like fortresses perched against the slant of the hill , rising with the hill to the top where the church was and beyond that to the cemetery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each failed catastrophically in an invasion of Russia and each brought ruin on the country that worshipped him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Isn't all art ambiguous ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
by the same token , we reject any Soviet attempt to impose its system on us or other peoples by force or subversion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the matter with them '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
After the months in Europe , she returned to Boston and became active in church and community life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Below decks , Seaman 1/c [FILTERED] had begun to write a letter home . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Beadles formerly lived in Lake Forest . (Filtered Words: 0)
The common ultimate values , ends and goals fostered by religion are a most important factor . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , because he had received less than [FILTERED] , it was felt proper that Fred should receive the few hundred dollars that remained . (Filtered Words: 1)
Follow pool-care instructions to the letter , and be sure that one person ( in the family or not ) is regularly responsible for each aspect of the job , with no chance for claiming , `` It wasn't my turn '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
west coast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Betty is 16 years of age and had several wins to her credit last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
it does not establish any law ( rights ) for the federal judges to enforce . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it seems that this `` electronic brain '' wasn't `` programmed '' correctly . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a detailed letter published in the Scientific American in 1912 , he remarked that `` loose statements '' about the case showed scant understanding of the facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He keeps the beat going . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once the principle was established , the increase in state-owned vehicles came rapidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He will need the help of all OAS members to eradicate , finally , the forces of authoritarianism , pro-Trujillo and [FILTERED] alike . (Filtered Words: 1)
Their [FILTERED] is insubstantial . (Filtered Words: 1)
To Adams that age in which religion exercised power over the entire culture of the race was one of imagination , and it is largely the admiration he so obviously held for such eras that betrays a peculiar religiosity -- a sentiment he would have probably denied . (Filtered Words: 0)
No good can come of contemplating the sad , inevitable fact that once youth has passed `` a worse and worse time still succeeds the former '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] , a Nobel Prize winner in chemistry , has been less ambiguous , whether you choose to agree with him or not . (Filtered Words: 1)
She trudged along slowly , both hands clutching a tired teddy bear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parents are often concerned that orthodontic appliances may cause teeth to decay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theoretical studies of the hydrogen bond generally agree that the Af bond will be linear in the absence of peculiarities of packing in the solid . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Mustangs don't play this week . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wouldn't -- wouldn't seem fair , somehow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We're almost there . (Filtered Words: 0)
And she replied , `` I was born in America , but I was conceived in Vienna '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
of heavy arms expenditures and constant danger of another world war had to ensue before the United States could bring itself to accept the two chief results of World War 2 , -- Communist control of East Europe and China -- a new balance of power . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gradual , controlled expansion of the world's textile trade is what President [FILTERED] wants . (Filtered Words: 1)
And that is the way I first saw her when my [FILTERED] brought her into his antique store . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What is [FILTERED] interested in '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
His standards are , of course , completely foreign to those of the analyst . (Filtered Words: 0)
This means that more than 100 million have no vital touch with the church or religious life '' , he told delegates Friday . (Filtered Words: 0)
man has a second chance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Knowing the antipathy that existed in Louisiana against increasing the number of free Negroes , Giffen suggested that Palfrey bring them to Boston at once , and then send them on to Liberia . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] deposed Juet and cut his pay . (Filtered Words: 1)
A square inscribed in a curve C means a square with its four corner points on the curve , though it may not lie entirely in the interior of C . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In the hard life of politics it is well known that no platform nor any program advanced by either major American party has any purpose beyond expressing emotion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
County Supervisor [FILTERED] , who is a candidate for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination , today called for an end to paper ballots in those counties in the state which still use them . (Filtered Words: 1)
How could they not ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's Curtiss '' , he said , naming the man [FILTERED] had hit . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was [FILTERED] , however , who produced the very first movie whose name has lived on through the half century of film history that has since ensued . (Filtered Words: 1)
Our plan is to keep abreast of these advances , and select for development those fields which seem most promising for our special capabilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , it would be impossible to determine where every vehicle might be on the 31st day of December . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Japanese sake is wine fermented from rice grain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many subjects attributed differences in Kohnstamm reactivity to differences in degrees of subjective control -- voluntary as the Kohnstamm-positive subjects perceived it and involuntary as the Kohnstamm-negative subjects perceived it . (Filtered Words: 0)
People talk about `` the law of the land '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wood took the proposal to Chief of Staff [FILTERED] , who passed it on to [FILTERED] a month before the actual declaration of war against Germany . (Filtered Words: 2)
On the beach , there were pale girls and not-so-pale girls . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the contrary , the frenzy and furor of combat is only the sombre foil against which the sudden illuminations of the human flash forth with the piercing radiance of a Caravaggio . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the Szold family , as it developed , bore a striking resemblance to the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No , not now '' , said the teacher . (Filtered Words: 0)
There appeared to be no difference in the distribution of anti-A and anti-B activity in group O serum , though in two group O donors ( [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] ) only one type of agglutinin was found in the regions of low anionic binding capacity ( Figs. 1 and 2 ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
If I could put your body in an imaginary atomic press and squeeze you down , squeeze these holes out of you in the way we squeeze the holes out of a sponge , you would get smaller and smaller until finally when the last hole was gone , you would be smaller than the smallest speck of dust that you could see on this piece of paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
a woman who was willing to give him love , faith , and anything else a woman could give a husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
To my knowledge , Lincoln remains the only Head of State and Commander-in-Chief who , while fighting a fearful war whose issue was in doubt , proved man enough to say this publicly -- to give his foe the benefit of the fact that in all human truth there is some error , and in all our error , some truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The rupee equivalent of $63.8 million , but not more than 5 percent of the currencies received under the Agreement will be used for loans to be made by the Export-Import Bank of Washington under Section 104 ( E ) of the Agricultural Trade Development and [FILTERED] , as amended ( hereinafter referred to as the Act ) , and for administrative expenses of the Export-Import Bank of Washington in India incident thereto . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had enlisted in the Army straight out of high school and had immediately set about learning his new trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hated the goddamn army from the first day I got in anyhow . (Filtered Words: 0)
I myself was one of the skeptics ( 35 years ago ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
and concentrate its constructive efforts on eliminating in other parts of Latin America the social conditions on which totalitarian nationalism feeds '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shall we teach him some '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] , implicated in F.B.I. reports in Communist associations , was one of the architects of the Morgenthau Plan , which had it ever been put into full operation , would have simply handed Germany to Stalin . (Filtered Words: 1)
And time after time she really belted out her songs . (Filtered Words: 0)
They often threw tidbits overboard . (Filtered Words: 0)
During last year's campaign , [FILTERED] asked [FILTERED] , an utter novice in organization politics , to assist him . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] swore . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1602 , [FILTERED] , in the same little Discovery that Hudson now commanded , had sailed 300 miles up the strait before his frightened men turned the ship back . (Filtered Words: 1)
I purposely refrained from adding the usual distinction of saying that he was from the State of Texas . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] summoned (Filtered Words: 1)
Cady appeared slightly mollified . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s devil sauce (Filtered Words: 1)
Diametric opposition must persist as to the future course of prices , if there is to persist a market at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had my back to the corner of the triangular field that pointed towards the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cylindrical focusing electrode permits adjustment of the positive lens part by varying the focusing potential . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are home now with the other [FILTERED] children , Vicky , 14 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
SBA Business Loans ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Interested in detector (Filtered Words: 0)
For it is clear that the total number of ordinary intersections of C and Af must be even ( otherwise , starting in the interior of C , Af could not finally return to the interior ) , and the center of rotation at T is the argument of the function , not a value . (Filtered Words: 0)
A little parable illustrative of this truth is afforded by an incident related by Professor [FILTERED] at the end of the Second World War . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then why was he assuming the role -- the gesture and the suffering ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In litters of eight mice from similar parents , the number of mice with straight instead of wavy hair is an integer from 0 to 8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- and yet he is facing , daily and nightly , people who would gladly see him dead , and he knows it . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just fine '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll shove along home '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bandaging And Splinting ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , whereas in Interstate Commerce Commission parlance `` variable cost '' means a cost deemed to vary in direct proportion to changes in rate of output , in the type of analysis now under review `` variable cost '' has been used more broadly , so as to cover costs which , while a function of some one variable ( such as output of energy , or number of customers ) , are not necessarily a linear function . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is Mijbil , an otter who travelled with Maxwell -- and gave Maxwell's name to a new species -- from the Tigris marshes to his London flat . (Filtered Words: 0)
It also provides for funds to clear slums and help colleges build dormitories . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I would far rather die after a Russian occupation of this country -- by some deliberate act of refusal -- than die uselessly by atomisation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a while Nick followed the twisting course of the bubbles , wondering which set came from Elaine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alfred knew that , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Take off , fly-boy '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He flung off Lord's hand and attempted to push past him , inadvertently shoving him into a storefront . (Filtered Words: 0)
He staggered into the back seat and lay back , fighting for breath . (Filtered Words: 0)
These items , and most of the others listed above , seem quite comparable to items whose right of survival is provided for in section 381 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He paused . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was only one hitch : the small town of Kehl , on the other side of the Rhine , was still under French jurisdiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the turtle ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But you had them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and he has served our country well as a scientific statesman on international commissions . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were tire marks where it had been , but they were overlapped by others and on the dusty floor would not be noticeable except under close scrutiny . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the ball-hawking defensive expert , was cited for his performance against Bradley in St. Louis U.'s nationally televised victory . (Filtered Words: 1)
John Haase & Son of Corneilus was the only entrant in open class swine and swept all championships . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although he questions the extent and nature of the alleged revival of religion and the alleged increase in conformity , and thinks that `` hedonistic '' present-time orientation does not have the meaning usually attributed to it , he does conclude that Americans increasingly enjoy leisure without guilt , do not stress achievement so much as formerly , are more accepting of group harmony as a goal , more tolerant of diversity and aware of other cultures . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is in the quality of the teaching of all this that a question may arise . (Filtered Words: 0)
This habit had become so fixed over the years that it seemed futile to do anything for which no one was waiting . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inspector knew as he left that this was wishful thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
The audience did not think much of the new pastor , and what the new pastor thought of the audience he did not dare at the time to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
Patchen has almost never used strict poetic forms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He pontificates that `` one of the first signs of advancing civilization is the fall in the value of women in men's eyes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the last day ( due date ) for performing any act for tax purposes , such as filing a return or making a tax payment , etc. , falls on Saturday , Sunday , or a legal holiday , you may perform that act on the next succeeding day which is not a Saturday , Sunday , or legal holiday . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose a [FILTERED] sailor had sneaked a cigarette in the hold and touched off the blaze . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` In the hard life of politics it is well known that no platform nor any program advanced by either major American party has any purpose beyond expressing emotion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Uhhu '' , she muttered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such treatments of the conjugates have usually been successful in eliminating nonspecific staining in several other systems ( Coons , 1958 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simple `` yes '' or `` no '' answers do not reveal the different shades of opinion that the various respondents may have . (Filtered Words: 0)
otherwise , the cork dries and air enters to spoil it . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the law virtually ignored the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not like us fellas . (Filtered Words: 0)
The original D minor seems to symbolize blindness , inescapable in spite of all attempts to move away from it . (Filtered Words: 0)
These included , as one , Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , who had checked in a little after noon the day before , and had not checked out together . (Filtered Words: 1)
With one corner of his mind he knew that they were saying nothing , just expressing the euphoria of a drug so powerful that the known universe had forbidden it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some even say that this is the reason for the ultimate acceptance of the former . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inter-american Press (Filtered Words: 0)
Bend handle ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Operation and maintenance . (Filtered Words: 0)
It recommended that Fulton legislators act `` to have these laws studied and revised to the end of modernizing and improving them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In four opening chapters reminiscent of Macaulay's famous third chapter , [FILTERED] surveys the state of England at the opening of the eighteenth century . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even then , the flexibility of the phrasing suggests that the word comes first in importance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , sir '' , she said , `` is that definite '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A fat hell on Big Hans . (Filtered Words: 0)
Opera lovers will be interested to learn that this church was the scene for the first act of Tosca . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thrust the envelope back in the bag ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( 5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] dropped everything to serve as a district co-ordinator in the hard-fought Wisconsin primary and proved so useful that he was promoted to be liaison officer to critically important New York City . (Filtered Words: 1)
A low-power , `` carrier-current '' broadcasting station , KARL , heard only in the campus dormitories , is owned and operated by the students to provide an outlet for student dramatic , musical , literary , technical , and other talents , and to furnish information , music , and entertainment for campus listeners . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several effects were immediately evident . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] ( Oct. 30 ) sounds like a business man who waits until the last minute to leave his home or shop . (Filtered Words: 1)
On Felice Perrin . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] office , Mrs. [FILTERED] hurried over to her family physician , who treated her for burned tissue . (Filtered Words: 2)
On October 31 , 1859 , [FILTERED] was found guilty of treason against the state of Virginia , inciting slave rebellion , and murder . (Filtered Words: 1)
He has a Bachelor of Science from the University of Manchester , England . (Filtered Words: 0)
Corruption is hardly a recent development in the city and state that were widely identified as the locale of [FILTERED] novel , `` The Last Hurrah '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Calls for extension (Filtered Words: 0)
With facts mainly in his mind , he was often acute in the matter of style , and he said , `` The young who have as yet nothing to say will try larks with initial letters and broken lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were two horses in the barn , a sway-backed dun and [FILTERED] buckskin . (Filtered Words: 1)
The ambulance is drawn by two `` charming '' little horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he thus achieves a lyrical , dreamlike , drugged intensity , he pays the price for his indulgence by producing work -- [FILTERED] `` Howl '' is a striking example of this tendency -- that is disoriented , Dionysian but without depth and without Apollonian control . (Filtered Words: 1)
Most of all , his letters to his philosophic colleagues show a magnanimity as well as an honesty which help to explain Whitehead's reference to James as `` that adorable genius '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think it's a good deal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Financing emerged as the main obstacle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Police laboratory technicians said the explosive device , containing either TNT or nitroglycerine , was apparently placed under the left front wheel . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had just the same as delivered him into the hands of the Devil ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
One young man , exhilarated to the point of insanity by liquor and the excitement of the moment , performed a perfect swan dive out of the stands at the Yale Bowl during the Yale-Army football game , landed squarely on his head on the concrete ramp below , and died at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Look '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Speed in painting a picture is valid only when it imparts spontaneity and crispness , but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid execution , he would do well to take these first sketches and soberly reorder their design to achieve a unified composition . (Filtered Words: 0)
They practiced movement behind a smoke screen laid by smoke grenades ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Trans-illuminated billboards (Filtered Words: 0)
the purpose was less immediate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mikoyan declared : (Filtered Words: 0)
Now he knew that the moment illuminated by the vision on the train would have to be approached . (Filtered Words: 0)
This family of Luxemburg immigrants , in fact , produced two exceptional children . (Filtered Words: 0)
He handed the bayonet to [FILTERED] and kept the pistol . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` O.K. , I'm lifting '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing worked . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his answer thereto , he advised the Board that he had made no such statement in 1956 , and asserted that his only claim to `` pioneering '' was in 1952 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They aren't `` frigid '' and they aren't homosexual ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She compared the results with tape recordings of modern singers and was not unpleased although her own tapes had a peculiar quality about them , not at all unharmonious , merely unique . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , [FILTERED] makes an ideal master of ceremonies . (Filtered Words: 1)
All about that [FILTERED] knew , too . (Filtered Words: 1)
It cost us a hundred thousand dollars and thirty days lost time to fix them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The government offices were being opened but they weren't being opened fast enough and meanwhile the cold penetrated everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wilson stressed the fact that clear as this was , they must have a better church , a more business-like conduct of the church organization , and an effort to get this religious center out of its rut of wild worship into a modern church organization . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of us brush our teeth by hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , rounding out his current stint with the orchestra , is a solid musician , and the Philharmonic plays for him . (Filtered Words: 1)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
For mounting to corrugated plastic backgrounds , very small holes may be drilled in the sides of the letters and stainless steel wire threaded through the openings , its ends twisted behind the panels . (Filtered Words: 0)
They could be done or left undone and nobody really gave a damn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirty-six (Filtered Words: 0)
Further evidence that Roman Catholicism enjoys a more favorable position today than in 1861 is the respectful attention given to it in the mass media of England . (Filtered Words: 0)
Breakfast , he thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
To begin the interview , he asked if [FILTERED] , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . (Filtered Words: 1)
When it was worn in the breast , or even on the sleeve , we at least knew where it was '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hated you when I first came in . (Filtered Words: 0)
When solving an equation that involves division as well as other steps , do all the division steps first to reduce those parts of the equation to their numerical value . (Filtered Words: 0)
This set must consist of isolated points and closed intervals . (Filtered Words: 0)
The direct evidence on the micrometeorite environment near the Earth is obtained from piezoelectric sensors ( essentially microphones ) and from wire gages ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Justices Frankfurter and [FILTERED] dissented : `` One State may cherish formalities more than another , one State may be more responsive than another to procedural reforms . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Gortonists were charged with blasphemy and tried for their lives . (Filtered Words: 0)
The data are presented in text and tables in bound volumes . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , first I thoughtfully study my sketch for improvement of color and design along the lines I have described . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He was awake when I left '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hudson knew he had to use these men as long as he remained an explorer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's a tower and a steeple on the church a million feet high . (Filtered Words: 0)
Either way it sounds like a sizable hunk of money and is . (Filtered Words: 0)
this brings a reaction of distress from Marina . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've caused him trouble before , and he's beginning to resent me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us re-examine the publicized contrasts between [FILTERED] and Copernican astronomy . (Filtered Words: 1)
You can build this vacation cottage yourself . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had lost twice with the radical [FILTERED] , and were having no part of Hearst , whom they considered more radical than [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
In Blanche's defense , it must be said she was unaware of the newborn hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place clay pieces on wall board . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great increase in the amount of archaeological activity , and therefore information , in the years immediately preceeding and following the Second World War has brought to light data which has changed the complection of the Saxon Shore dispute . (Filtered Words: 0)
Central Asia is sunk in a somnolence from which nothing can awaken it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] managed to duck beneath the man's flailing fist , and drove home a solid left to Jess's mid-section . (Filtered Words: 1)
A `` mental image '' subconsciously impressing us from beneath its language symbols in wakeful thought , or consciously in light sleep , is actually not an image at all but is comprised of realities , viewed not in the concurrent sensory stream , but within the depths of the fourth dimension . (Filtered Words: 0)
The historian need not be concerned with the philosophical problems suggested by religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you volunteer , you will be told where you're going after the ship leaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result no comparable literature of the period is better known and better studied nor more often performed than the English madrigal . (Filtered Words: 0)
And letters began to come in to this column from irate shareholders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't tell me about drunks . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tug-of-war between an old bottle and an inefficient corkscrew may do as much harm as a week at sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fiddles screeched ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] has , in recent weeks , been of the opinion that a special town meeting would be called for the vote , while Mr. [FILTERED] said that a special election might be called instead . (Filtered Words: 2)
He had his own face , dark and beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A child with a certain type of head and teeth will outgrow tooth deformity '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
True , our problems have lessened a bit as more and more of our neighbors have built their own pools , thereby diluting our spectacular attractions . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a business man I have to use the telephone constantly , from three to four hours a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should the accelerating growth of technology then warn us ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Faber Hanover-Chalidale Lena ) 2:33 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Thay may say what they please but godamit Pa it is fun '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In tradition and in poetry , the marriage bed is a place of unity and harmony . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's in [FILTERED]'s [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
After a while , we became aware that the money was disappearing as fast as we replenished it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still more time was consumed while the pilot , at the radioed suggestion of Continental president [FILTERED] , tried to persuade the armed pair to swap the Boeing jet for a propeller-driven [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
By applying this general principle , a great number of complex compounds of osmium , ruthenium , iridium , and rhenium , with triphenylphosphine , triphenylarsine , and triphenylstibine have been obtained in this laboratory during the past few years . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can testify that motels , service and comfort stations ( they go together like [FILTERED] and heather ) , dog wagons , roadside restaurants , souvenir stands and snake farms are braced and waiting . (Filtered Words: 1)
Net earnings of that road rose from 62 per cent of interest requirements in calendar 1957 to 86 per cent in the 12 months ended Feb. 28 , 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
How , he wondered , does one enjoy one's spare time ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Though there are many exceptions , which we have noted in preceding pages , white wine is as a rule best consumed between two and six years old , and red wines , nowadays , between three and ten . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vacancy (Filtered Words: 0)
MacPherson boldly approached the fortified adobe house and demanded entrance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What shall we do with this one ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The notion of philosophy as [FILTERED] may fit well with authoritarian modes of political ideology , but it has been noted that the price of such an imperial notion of philosophy is the frustration and flagellation of the social sciences . (Filtered Words: 1)
I like that kid '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there remained one mysterious , unexplored gap , far to the north . (Filtered Words: 0)
The husbands of these women and others I had met in Catatonia were distinguished only in that they were , to me at least , indistinguishable . (Filtered Words: 0)
their example caused Krim and his friends to put on `` Englishy airs , affect all sorts of impressive scholarship and social-register unnaturalness in order to slip through their narrow transoms and get into their pages '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And we'll be poor and have to live in a grubby little house like yours -- and all because of that '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Others meet on Sunday night , at the mid-week service , or for a series of four nights . (Filtered Words: 0)
But bitterness had more cause to remain , even increasingly to corrode . (Filtered Words: 0)
Complying methodically , [FILTERED] pulled pocket after pocket inside out without finding a thing . (Filtered Words: 1)
He saw her hand start to work down the leather thong toward the handle of the quirt , and he grabbed her wrist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hmm -- diddle ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The dinner hour there was twelve noon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Santa's lieutenants in charge of the Journal-Bulletin Santa Claus Fund are looking for the usual generous response this year from [FILTERED] residents . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was sure of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several theater operators said , however , that there is little likelihood of the subject being discussed during the three-day affair . (Filtered Words: 0)
The body , senses and brain , in common with all matter , have their counterpart on each of a countless number of frequencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
A federal grand jury called 10 witnesses yesterday in an investigation of the affairs of [FILTERED] , 47 , who collected big fees as a `` labor consultant '' and operator of a janitors' service . (Filtered Words: 1)
Only the memory of previous hurt , bewilderment and perplexity made him sure that if he did not ask [FILTERED] when he , [FILTERED] , was happy , the answer would no longer be available when he needed it . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` No you won't '' , Big Hans said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Section 2 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
His legs shook , and the shaking went right on up his body through his hips to his shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
On March 21 , 1957 , however , the Department recommended approval of the 1-a classification . (Filtered Words: 0)
This includes not only development programing , but also establishing tax policies designed to raise equitably resources for investment ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet Alfredo wanted money wanted money to roam through the deserts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nonmagical Confucianism was a secular , rational philosophy , but even with this different orientation it could not escape from the ethos of a cosmic government . (Filtered Words: 0)
You wonder if he looks at his wife now and thinks of you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course the matter caught the public's attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
The deeper wonder is how this miracle was accomplished in decades , rather than in centuries and by immigrant minorities at that . (Filtered Words: 0)
In carrying out the provisions of this Act , the Secretary is authorized and directed to provide for the giving of notice of strikes or lock-outs to applicants before they are referred to employment . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sure '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before appealing to the U.N. or to Russia , he first appealed to the U.S. for military help , and was rejected . (Filtered Words: 0)
Add this to the unrest in the countries around us where oppressed peoples would be ready to turn on us at the first opportunity . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked gently . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the particular form of conceptualization which popular imagination had made in response to the experience of spirit was undoubtedly defective , the raw experience itself which led to such excesses remains with us as vividly as ever . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man was standing in the open door of the lighted orderly room a few yards to [FILTERED]'s left , but he , too , suddenly made up his mind and went racing to join the confused activity at the east end of the stockade . (Filtered Words: 1)
But she had to go out and hurt herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I thought maybe [FILTERED] could pinch-hit for me . (Filtered Words: 1)
And just as domination today often begins with the wife , so the cure generally must lie with the husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
West Germany remains Western (Filtered Words: 0)
At their meeting he told her not to bother about `` where '' -- he would attend to that . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stumbled and fell , but it did not hurt . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He has married me with a ring of bright water '' , begins the Kathleen Raine poem from which Maxwell takes his title , and it is this mystic bond between the human and natural world that the author conveys . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , you ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Predispositions , in turn , fall conveniently into two categories for purposes of analysis . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this type of system , a high loop gain is desirable because it provides a fast response time . (Filtered Words: 0)
she would talk to him in a soothing voice about things his mother would have said were not nice and put her hands on him and kiss him passionately . (Filtered Words: 0)
In accordance with legislation passed at the last session of Congress , each Representative is authorized to deliver to the Post Office in bulk newsletters , speeches and other literature to be dropped in every letter box in his district . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , he had this miserable cold , and as he leaned against the refrigerator , watching the rain make sandy puddles at his feet , the doctor's prescription for lots of sun seemed like a hollow mockery . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I never asked you for any favors , [FILTERED] '' , she went on , `` but I'm asking one now . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I don't know whether that threatening letter of hers has anything to do with this situation or not , but I want to see who takes the call '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These fatalities are dramatic evidence of `` halfway evangelism '' , a failure to follow through . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he had to follow the light . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw you driftin away -- but I tried . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're having a miserable time , aren't you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
An isolated case of quackery ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They will be accepted at all branches of the Bay View Federal Savings and Loan Association , at a collection center in the center of the Stonestown mall , and at the Junior Museum , 16th Street and Roosevelt Way . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had smilingly said . (Filtered Words: 1)
The newspaper boys cracked jokes and again Barco's pride was aroused . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I went over to the Willows and dropped two notes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The second step is to recognize the substantial agreement -- frequently blurred by emotionalism and inaccurate newspaper reporting -- already existing between Catholics and Non-Catholics concerning the over-all objectives of family planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think you're wrong , Eddie '' , he said finally . (Filtered Words: 0)
His sense for rhythmic variety and timing is impeccable . (Filtered Words: 0)
His luck had failed him , and it was easier to crawl off into bed than to get out and fight the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fled through the door and down the steps , running , and the men grunted and followed , pushing Lester to one side where he backed against the wall with the sleeve of his jacket raised before his eyes to shut out the light . (Filtered Words: 0)
He demanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every recorded request by [FILTERED] for a delay in a flank movement or an advance was to gain time to take care of his horses . (Filtered Words: 1)
The miserable people of China , the largest cast ever conscripted to enact an ideological passion play , cannot themselves resist overtly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whereas the usual organic surface-active agent is strongly sorbed at oil - water interfaces , the highly charged ions are most strongly sorbed at interfaces between water and insoluble materials exhibiting an ionic structure ( see Table 26-2 on p. 1678 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most conclusively identified is L-5-vinyl-2-thio-oxazolidone , which was isolated from rutabaga ( Greer , 1950 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two men show promise of playing prominent roles : (Filtered Words: 0)
The massed reporters brushed aside the customary bromides about Saudi-American friendship to bore in on the central question . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is this spirit which explains some of the anomalies of American Catholic higher education , in particular the wasteful duplication apparent in some areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
In recent years , however , a wind of change seems to be blowing through early English historical circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was going to town , nothing was good enough -- he had cursed at Winston once for leaving a fleck of polish on his shoelace . (Filtered Words: 0)
But simple involvement is not enough ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now you're ready for a whirlwind sightseeing tour of America's most exciting city . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not speak . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the kitchen , [FILTERED] , his little young wife , was reading the morning paper . (Filtered Words: 1)
Turning from these problems of the use of evidence , one meets another type of difficulty in Fromm's analysis , which is his loose and ambiguous use of certain important terms . (Filtered Words: 0)
So [FILTERED] was dead . (Filtered Words: 1)
God would not do that , [FILTERED] thought stubbornly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Deliberately , with none of [FILTERED]'s viciousness , he laid the barrel of his gun alongside the guard's head . (Filtered Words: 1)
Specifically , Congress should consider authorizing the Peace Corps to receive contributions from American businesses , unions , civic organizations and the public at large . (Filtered Words: 0)
Toynbee seems to think that there is some other way to give justice social embodiment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purpose of the Club is to promote better athletic teams at [FILTERED] and to increase interest in them among the student body . (Filtered Words: 1)
When the early part of the gradient was flattened , either by using the gradient shown in [FILTERED]. 2 or by allowing the `` cone-sphere '' gradient to become established more slowly , Region 2 activity could sometimes be separated into two areas ( donors [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]. 1 and [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]. 2 ) . (Filtered Words: 6)
`` We could put up cribs on the second floor sleeping porch and turn the front bedroom into a playroom where it's nice and sunny , but of course it would entail quite a bit of running up and down stairs and [FILTERED] said you were to be careful about that '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
We'll do a D. and C. and get her permission for a hysterectomy . (Filtered Words: 0)
When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : Af (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked innocently . (Filtered Words: 0)
Honolulu will be Mrs. [FILTERED]'s first stop . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Mais , oui . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] himself , while opposed to slavery , placed his chief emphasis on evangelism , but from his converts issued much of the leadership of the anti-slavery campaign . (Filtered Words: 1)
He didn't live in a world of perpetual peril like ours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cape Canaveral's achievements thunder forth from the radio , television , and newspaper . (Filtered Words: 0)
None of us was aware that the biggest fight was still ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Communist countries allocated more than $1,000,000,000 in economic aid alone last year , according to Western estimates . (Filtered Words: 0)
The net result is that under American leadership the general world situation has become bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
She no longer wanted anything about him to remind her of the circumstances of their meeting that first night in Parioli . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sister '' , said he `` do you think people who commit suicide go to heaven '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the data used are from Groth's Chemische [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` He's got this idea about drying out '' (Filtered Words: 0)
During much of the year the general level of business activity has moved along on a record-high plateau , but there have been persistent signs of slack in the economy . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the work was finished , we would walk . (Filtered Words: 0)
no-one today would hope to discover the unmistakable ruins of Heorot or the palace of Priam . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the factors just described have been computed , they are applied to the following formula : Af (Filtered Words: 0)
With those paintings of big constructions crashing down , he felt he could stop . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spit . (Filtered Words: 0)
The predictability of the molecular weights was found to be within 10% for the polymers prepared , with Af ratios less than 1.1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , however , the arrangements were made and we drove out into the bush in a Land Rover . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sen. [FILTERED] , R-Cape May , said today [FILTERED] will run well ahead of his GOP opponents for the gubernatorial nomination . (Filtered Words: 2)
What is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
for the developments in these areas make sense only if they are connected to the age of revolution itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's $600 in gold in this chamois sack . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon , very soon now (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The president of the Kansas City local of the International Association of Fire Fighters was severly injured today when a bomb tore his car apart as he left home for work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wouldn't Johnnie do practically anything in the world to insure my happiness ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was dark but dry and cool . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drive the demons out of her and teach her to stay away from my husband '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is the next step , Captain '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He and his safety man , [FILTERED] , swam up to the boarding ladder together . (Filtered Words: 1)
Much of this lifelike quality results from Mussorgsky's care in basing his vocal line on natural speech inflections . (Filtered Words: 0)
Philadelphia , Jan. 23 (Filtered Words: 0)
He oughta be able to build a new house with all them contraptions '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
County college costs (Filtered Words: 0)
In this sense also , they are surely conformists . (Filtered Words: 0)
The use of bulk handling is continuously growing . (Filtered Words: 0)
In my mind , I began to review : his use of hate to gain support ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Garth hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was only about the size of a baseball ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If you are a life tenant , you deduct allowable depreciation and depletion . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the stranger was nimbler still . (Filtered Words: 0)
How cruel ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
To get around this quite difficult corner , there is one first aid to objectiveness : prevent the distant sitter from knowing which reading was for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clinical impression at this time was either muscular dystrophy or polymyositis . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
A gnawing and gnashing within him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sipping their coffee , discussing the weather , the day's shopping , [FILTERED]'s commitments at the network ( all of which he would cancel ) , they avoided the radio , the morning TV news show , even the front page of the Santa Luisa Register , resting on the kitchen bar . (Filtered Words: 1)
That achievement was his creation of the universal grinding machine , which made its appearance in 1876 at the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Next [FILTERED] will enter the treatment stage and visit the orthodontist once or twice a month , depending on the severity of her condition . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` She don't know nothing about them cars . (Filtered Words: 0)
apparently it is not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each initially contained 1700 ml of buffer ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But don't worry . (Filtered Words: 0)
A brisk , satirical spoof of contemporary American mores entitled `` An American Journey '' was given its first New York performance at Hunter College Playhouse last night by the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Remington Jet Magnum Center Fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it not the obligation of us older citizens to lend our weight to being creative on the character side and to hasten our own maturing process ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In this manner they side-step the seemingly hopeless investigation of the greater depths of mystery in which all of us grope continually . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] family proved wonderful and helpful friends in the following days , Mrs. [FILTERED] , little [FILTERED] , and Raoul , who generously lent me his sleeping bag for my `` Watch on the Rhine '' . (Filtered Words: 3)
Flashed to Moscow (Filtered Words: 0)
I would hope that we could create the recognition in the Department and overseas that those who come across little things going wrong have the responsibility for bringing these to the attention of those who can do something about them . (Filtered Words: 0)
I mean : Is advertising honest ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
among the operating departments of the state ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was supposed to be in court this afternoon , at City Hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is strange ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This was her place . (Filtered Words: 0)
A century of exploration had established that a great land mass , North and South America , lay between Europe and the Indies . (Filtered Words: 0)
But isn't this nice '' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I tell people what I think . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is an extraordinary sense of presence in all of these recordings , apparently obtained at least in part by emphasizing the middle and high frequencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Golly '' , [FILTERED] exclaimed to Harmony as he dutifully stood by her side among the ringed spectators , `` don't that fiddle make you wish the Bible didn't say us Baptists can't dance '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Back in college , today's handsome [FILTERED] was the only male member of a Texas Tech class on food . (Filtered Words: 1)
In one of the huts a group of men were huddled together , singing . (Filtered Words: 0)
If I get a low [FILTERED] , I do so because I want it that way or my dark self does . (Filtered Words: 1)
Obviously , a vicious cycle develops . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had signed it off on the forms . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one really knows how many boats there actually are or what their aggregate value may be . (Filtered Words: 0)
A big-league municipal stadium at Flushing Meadow Park is in the works , and once the lease is signed the local club will be formally recognized by Commissioner [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
By then [FILTERED] could see for himself , and so could the others . (Filtered Words: 1)
The features of his face are distinct , but not fine . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I waited . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here , help me prop him up . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when Alfred was forced into his bed , [FILTERED] left the front porch of the store and sat at home , rocking in her rocker in the living room , staring out the window -- the rose still in her hair . (Filtered Words: 1)
I took the pail and shovel and went out on the porch . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rescue squad is to be praised immensely for the fine work they do in all kinds of weather . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the sovereign was not [FILTERED]' absolute monarch but rather the parliamentary sovereign of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Fritzie was on the couch reading ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She didn't tell anyone , even her mother , what was wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1960 , there were 7287 entries in the Junior Classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Nassau County , for example , the heavily settled Long Island suburb of New York City , the system is credited by the state with serving one million persons , a figure that has doubled since 1950 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] started laughing , and she laughed so hard she couldn't stop , and she kept on laughing while she lugged the clothes out to the yard to hang them up while the sun was still shining . (Filtered Words: 1)
SBA works closely with the principal property disposal installations of the Federal Government in reviewing proposed sales programs and identifying those types of property that small business concerns are most likely to be interested in purchasing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once there had been big glittering rooms where Ulanys bowed and kissed the ladies' hands as they flirted from behind their fans . (Filtered Words: 0)
) By its greater corporeal presence and its greater extraneousness , the affixed paper or cloth serves for a seeming moment to push everything else into a more vivid idea of depth than the simulated printing or simulated textures had ever done . (Filtered Words: 0)
The would-be assassin had his position figured pretty close . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inspiring -- yes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence C' is a Af curve on Q . (Filtered Words: 0)
Future commencements were more decorous perhaps , but the number of graduates increased from the original four at a relatively slow pace . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It never seemed to widen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't ask him more . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , I'm not hungry '' , he said , pushing back the bacon and eggs . (Filtered Words: 0)
As if to make certain that [FILTERED] would be unable to pay any settlement at all , [FILTERED] wrote to prospective clients denouncing him ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
She seemed irritated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cows were kept in backyard barns , boys were hired to drive them to and from the pasture on the edge of town , and familiar to the ear , morning and evening , were the boys' coaxing voices , the thud of hooves , and the thwack of a stick on cowhide . (Filtered Words: 0)
No charges were filed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not bulky laborers , but sinewy men . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the displacement of the cylinder can be converted to cubic centimeters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The entire concept of cerebral imagery as the physical basis of a mental image can find no logical support . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't ask for a Jeroboam of champagne '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Never mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following morning , as John entered the Place Molard on his way to visit a sick refugee , he had a premonition of danger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Generally , states reserve for communities the right to have local ordinances regulating speed and other activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
His legs suddenly feel heavy and unaccountably weary , as if he had walked for miles , instead of strolling a few hundred yards along the old campus paths . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could be lavishly generous with friends , cab drivers and bellboys , but with dealers he was tough . (Filtered Words: 0)
They lay on the cellar floor in a disorderly pile . (Filtered Words: 0)
the scene looked like a Christmas card . (Filtered Words: 0)
It makes the diver feel drunk '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
It's an important clue to Washington thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Penny knew him better , on her part . (Filtered Words: 0)
, S & H , , and . (Filtered Words: 0)
He handed the guard's rifle to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Improves utilization of low-moisture corn ( less than 14% ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a dawning sense of illumination occurs in consequence of two events which , as so often in [FILTERED] , suddenly confront a character with the existential question of the nature and value of human life . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the modern English `` whodunnit '' , this insinuation of latent criminality in the detective himself has almost entirely disappeared . (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic significance of this invention helped them to follow it rapidly in 1855 by the development of a unique precision gear cutting and dividing engine . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were both discouraged , disgusted and miserable . (Filtered Words: 0)
the cabbage and squash keep until March or April . (Filtered Words: 0)
As cholesterol piles up , it narrows , irritates and damages the artery , encouraging formation of calcium deposits and slowing circulation . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The recommended level for sheep is 2 milligrams daily , and this level should be maintained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ships disappear hull-first over the horizon ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
From early family portraits , painted before he entered the schools of the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts , the chronology extends to a group of paintings executed in his last year ( 1951 ) and still part of his estate . (Filtered Words: 0)
We're nearly there '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But last week's pirates , like the Cuban-American who recently hijacked an Eastern Airlines Electra ( Newsweek , Aug. 7 ) , wanted to go to Havana . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hope it can be said without boasting that no other nation offers its vacationing motorists such variety and beauty of scene , such an excellent network of roads on which to enjoy it and such decent , far-flung over-night accommodations . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the purposes of this discussion , the problem of relative prices is encompassed in these two variables , since GNP includes other prices . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every person will choose his own doctor and hospital '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Try to find out how happy he is with his wife , whether he plays around with women . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a target of ridicule to his wife , and often -- since private affairs rarely remain private -- to the outside world as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Erikson has postulated that such ideological polarization temporarily resolves their search for something stable and definite in the rapidly changing and fluctuating no-man's-land between childhood and adulthood . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED]'s charge of rigging was the latest development in an investigation which also brought these disclosures Tuesday : (Filtered Words: 1)
It is the first part of the Regulation that is currently at issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Say three minutes to make it sporting . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But [FILTERED] got coy and wouldn't make any promises . (Filtered Words: 1)
She refolded the letter , replaced it in its envelope , and turned with relief to one from her brother [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even her voice had taken on a more cultivated tone . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd have to sell out my business to pay her off with her share . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey saw sunlight touch the curly blonde hairs on the brown skin . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was enjoying the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` For these and other reasons '' , says Dr. [FILTERED] , `` orthodontics can prolong the life of teeth '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Stepson vindicated (Filtered Words: 0)
Forgiveness is the door through which a person must pass to enter the Kingdom of God . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
The magnetic resonance absorption was detected by employing a Varian model Af broad line spectrometer and the associated 12-inch electromagnet system . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gun knew it was Car 12 , the wagon , returned from delivering Ingleside's drunk-and-disorderlies to the City Jail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Production must be adjusted accordingly , at minimum cost and quickly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although Mr. [FILTERED] was not himself its inventor ( it was a French idea ) , it is typical that his intuition first conceived the importance of mass producing this basic tool for general use . (Filtered Words: 1)
Salem ( special ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us survey for a moment the development of modern thought -- turning our attention from the Reformation toward the revolutionary and romantic movements that follow and dwelling finally on more recent decades . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] includes the following declarative statements : DA ( Define Area ) , DC ( Define Constant ) , [FILTERED] ( Define Record Definition Word ) , DSW ( [FILTERED] ) , DLINE ( Define Line ) , EQU ( Equate ) , CODE,DTF ( Define Tape File ) , DIOCS ( Define Input/Output Control System ) , and DUF ( Descriptive Entry For Unit Records ) . (Filtered Words: 3)
It is important to note the work of the United States Power Squadrons and the U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] and I didn't even know he was in the house until the night of our ball when he came down the stairs '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
to the Neo-Classicists , it was a challenge to the pre-war world . (Filtered Words: 0)
They bring the news that the Pretender has been excommunicated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Reason : the cannery loses $3,000 yearly . (Filtered Words: 0)
there is no easy and quick way to follow from the oxcart to the jet plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other occupants were [FILTERED] , 18 , of 963 Ponce De Leon Ave. , NE , and [FILTERED] , 19 , of 704 [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , both of whom were treated at Grady Hospital for severe lacerations and bruises . (Filtered Words: 4)
Increased efficiency (Filtered Words: 0)
A Texan wrote to a male companion at home : `` what has become of Halda and [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The batting average of one success out of seven increased to one out of three . (Filtered Words: 0)
Standing there she saw Shades of Night come through the trees and stop beside the lodge , silent , almost imperious , her body taut , simply standing without speaking or moving while the wife of Walitzee waited , perhaps denying the dread that moved in her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Already debilitated by the Chattanooga starvation , the quality of [FILTERED]'s horseflesh ran downhill as the campaign progressed . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Dangerous '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Measurement of anxiety (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was the oldest and most influential paper in Cuba , with a reputation for speaking out against tyranny . (Filtered Words: 1)
I took him by the shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
She can remove all knick-knacks within reach . (Filtered Words: 0)
for this division is but an abstract representation of the social struggle between mysticism and science . (Filtered Words: 0)
By now he had become Regius Professor of Modern History at Cambridge and had been honored by the award of the Order of Merit . (Filtered Words: 0)
A driver cruising easily at 70 m.p.h. in Lane A of a four-lane freeway spies an incipient traffic jam ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pp. 63-64 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do patriots everywhere know enough about how the persecution of the Jews in Germany and later in the occupied countries contributed to terrorizing the populations , splitting apart individuals and groups , arousing the meanest and most dishonest impulses , pulverizing trust and personal dignity , and finally forcing people to follow their masters into the abyss by making them partners in unspeakable crimes ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Pa don't care about the kid '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her coarse hair was two-colored -- bleached blonde and its real , dirty gray . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both of these systems are essential for the production , development , and use of the National Forests . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's so much trouble , I don't usually bother '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ring Of Bright Water '' by [FILTERED] is just that -- a haunting , warmly personal chronicle of a man , an otter , and a remote cottage in the Scottish West Highlands . (Filtered Words: 1)
At first Barco was evasive and shifty . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first few days [FILTERED] set his plane down on Towne field back of the State House when the wind was right , and used Wilson flat above [FILTERED] when it wasn't . (Filtered Words: 2)
A college service of worship is held each Sunday morning at eleven o'clock in the Chapel . (Filtered Words: 0)
The brothers drove down together in [FILTERED]'s small red sports car , [FILTERED] at the wheel . (Filtered Words: 2)
There a dozen giant monitors played their seventy-five-foot jets of water against the huge seam of tertiary gravel which was the mountainside . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was simply Poor John . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My mother never wops me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The faculty believes that broad autonomy is necessary to preserve its freedom in teaching and scholarship . (Filtered Words: 0)
The biggest single act would doubtless be staged by [FILTERED] himself : his Inaugural wardrobe had been designed by Hollywood Couturier [FILTERED] , who regularly makes up ladies' ensembles . (Filtered Words: 2)
Jobs would be lost and new faces would become prominent . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in all its 175 years , not a single Negro student has entered its classrooms . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] groaned dismally as he slid under the wheel . (Filtered Words: 1)
All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here's where luck would normally step in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shaw could also give the flyer a pretty good idea of area visibility by a visual check of the mountains to be seen from his station . (Filtered Words: 0)
Communications (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a risk that instead of teaching a person how to be himself , reading fiction and drama may teach him how to be somebody else . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is publicly on record as believing Mr. [FILTERED] should be replaced for the good of the party . (Filtered Words: 1)
The congregation is first and foremost an economic peer group ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Choice was expected (Filtered Words: 0)
A bond issue which would have provided some $3.5 million for construction of the two 900-student schools was defeated by district voters in January . (Filtered Words: 0)
By tipping the porter , you can see in the courtyard [FILTERED]'s unusual and fascinating trick in perspective . (Filtered Words: 1)
Add a few caraway seeds , too , if you'd like . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gross had received [FILTERED] courteously and they were discussing the case . (Filtered Words: 1)
Itching skin , considered `` just nerves '' , was eased by treating with whiskey and salt . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nonresidential at $253,355,000 , up 22 per cent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A flow rate of 72 Af was used and 12 ml fractions were collected . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dead controlled the material prosperity of the living , and the living adhered to strict codes of conduct in order not to weaken that control . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twenty-four hours had changed him from a performer to a freak . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is interesting for it combines both the thermodynamic concept of a minimum Gibbs function for equilibrium and minimum mechanical potential energy for equilibrium . (Filtered Words: 0)
A portable electric heater is advisable for shelters in cold climates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mercifully , it was still open . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a college of propaganda (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had picked up a snorkle and was twirling it on his forefinger . (Filtered Words: 1)
Just when it was needed for the campaign , Hearst Paper No. 8 , the Boston American , began publication . (Filtered Words: 0)
Martin strained his ears . (Filtered Words: 0)
The long , unhurried approach and the deliberate prolongation of fore-play work on several levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let the state of the stream leaving stage R be denoted by a vector Af and the operating variables of stage R by Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American Institute of Interior Designers has published a recommended course for designers and a percentage layout of such a course . (Filtered Words: 0)
The images themselves , like their counterparts in experience , are not neutral qualities to be surveyed dispassionately ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
or allowing a deduction for payment of certain obligations of a transferor assumed in the reorganization ( section 381(c)(16) ) , but not a deduction for theft losses sustained by a transferor prior to a reorganization but discovered after it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the villages people lined up to give us flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is in line for a big raise . (Filtered Words: 1)
They cried . (Filtered Words: 0)
As far as he could see there was no hole to climb through it . (Filtered Words: 0)
We live down by the Base commissary . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's to say , he was trigger happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He assembled a group of 25 men , composed of wounded troopers awaiting evacuation , the company clerk , supply men , cooks and drivers , and led them to the hill . (Filtered Words: 0)
With [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] both out of action due to injuries , the American League champs still mounted a 15-hit attack against a parade of eight Cincinnati pitchers , the most ever used by one team in a series game . (Filtered Words: 2)
We turn now to the set of tangent points on the graph . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was all set up so there would be no dust anywhere and so that their children would color in the coloring room , paint in the painting room , play with blocks in the block house , and do all the other things in the proper rooms at exactly the right time . (Filtered Words: 0)
This would be Mahzeer's office . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made the decision with his eyes open , or so he thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
For it is their catastrophic concept of the Anglo-Saxon invasions rather than [FILTERED]'s gradualist approach which dominates the field . (Filtered Words: 1)
The older parents continued to teach their children traditional principles , but the younger people , who have lost all faith and convictions , are now parents . (Filtered Words: 0)
What had changed for him ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
coordinate , correlate , and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You going to put more towels on him '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You shouldn't tell your little secrets outside of the patient's door '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
To what extent and in what ways did Christianity affect the United States of America in the nineteenth century ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The subject he liked most was the female body , which he painted in every state -- naked , half-dressed , muffled to the ears , sitting primly in a chair , lying tauntingly on a bed or locked in an embrace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Often she fails to gain sexual satisfaction '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A dour , gangling man with a choppy gait , Colmer looks younger than his 70 years , has gradually swung from a moderate , internationalist position to that of a diehard conservative . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the past the club depended largely on Van Brocklin's aerials . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tenure , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
join sides and base with slip and reinforce with coil . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two have never been separable . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] might well have been included , he felt . (Filtered Words: 1)
But your friend Manny can go any time '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boats are operated in every state in the Union , with the heaviest concentrations along both coasts and in the Middle West . (Filtered Words: 0)
by that time , he seemed to have dropped the tragic playing of the last moments of the comedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are many and varied . (Filtered Words: 0)
The problems of hard-surface cleaning are not nearly as complex . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grab a taxi '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The central group of the Foundation's advisors are , at any one period of time , the members of our Advisory Board , consisting , now , of thirty-six men and women . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I said Quint . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the best books by generals were not necessarily the first ones written . (Filtered Words: 0)
they found out who they were and what they could do , then within the limits of their talent they did it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Belated tribute (Filtered Words: 0)
Recent changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You've got a peaked look . (Filtered Words: 0)
End Gene Raesz , who broke a hand in the Owl's game with LSU , was back working out with [FILTERED] Monday , and [FILTERED] , sophomore guard , moved back into action after a week's idleness with an ankle injury . (Filtered Words: 2)
He asked for another 10 million dollar `` initial '' appropriation for `` stimulatory grants '' to states to improve nursing homes . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other words , like automation machines designed to work in tandem , they shared the same programming , a mutual understanding not only of English words , but of the four stresses , pitches , and junctures that can change their meaning from black to white . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the remainder of the movie , Chancellor Neitzbohr proceeds to lash the piano stool with a slat from a Venetian blind that used to hang in the pre-war Reichstag . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you look through the keyhole , you will see an artistically landscaped garden with the white dome of St. Peter's framed in a long avenue of cropped laurel trees . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , as the others began to crawl out from beneath the desks and tend to those wounded , and mark the several killed , he climbed across the debris to [FILTERED] and took her hand in his . (Filtered Words: 1)
But by the time the papers were finally disposed of , the group had informed the world of its purpose , its recommendations , and its belief that [FILTERED] was not of sound mind . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some of them were then covered with a drop of Af in a moist chamber at 24-degrees for 30 - 40 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the greatest obstacles to the achievement of this goal is the lack of trained men and women with the skill to teach the young and assist in the operation of development projects -- men and women with the capacity to cope with the demands of swiftly evolving economics , and with the dedication to put that capacity to work in the villages , the mountains , the towns and the factories of dozens of struggling nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another obstacle was the grammatical construction of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The only important differences from that standpoint , between the two Constitutions , lies in their Preambles . (Filtered Words: 0)
have the short action ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For prevention of foamy bloat , feed at a rate of 0.5 to 2 milligrams per head per day in mineral or salt or feed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A warning (Filtered Words: 0)
Another type of shelter which gives excellent fallout protection can be built as an added room to the basement of a home under construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Amy walked -- making it halfway across the cottage floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Tomorrow will be a new experience -- I have never before made love to a nightingale . (Filtered Words: 0)
I gave it to the woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
She ate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gallery Director [FILTERED] greeted the group , standing on one of the benches in the downstairs lobby to speak to them . (Filtered Words: 1)
The mere exploration of the unconscious ground of present-day sociology offers a rich vein of philosophical and logical investigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Transport properties of air . (Filtered Words: 0)
If I could put your body in an imaginary atomic press and squeeze you down , squeeze these holes out of you in the way we squeeze the holes out of a sponge , you would get smaller and smaller until finally when the last hole was gone , you would be smaller than the smallest speck of dust that you could see on this piece of paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department of Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will , to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements , be available to advance the purposes of this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was at my first Communion . (Filtered Words: 0)
the jury wanted better evidence than that and he was acquitted , at a cost of $30,000 in bribes , it was estimated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Which brings to mind another [FILTERED] story and some interesting comparisons in the treatment of the Oedipal theme . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cleveland , Ohio ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Loss of initiative (Filtered Words: 0)
And on the summit of Mount Washington , where thirty-five degrees below zero is commonplace and the wind velocity has registered higher than anywhere else in the world , there is a kind of wisdom to be found that other men often seek in the Himalayas `` because it is there '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We can die , too , we can die like real people . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had no doubt that it was . (Filtered Words: 0)
The firm recently expanded domestic sales into the Southeastern states as a result of an agreement with Cen-Tennial Gin Co. . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had to ride a streetcar two miles . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why not '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The first act of Adoniram and Samuel on reaching Calcutta was to report at the police station , a necessity when landing in East India Company territory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hell , in a year or five or ten , the boy will have forgotten me -- his own father '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If Blanche had been honest , she would have yelled , slammed at least a couple of doors , and thrown a few little , valueless things . (Filtered Words: 0)
After allowing for group exposures , it is apparent that other factors must be considered if we are to comprehend fanaticism . (Filtered Words: 0)
On these bonds , price rises since February 21 easily outnumber price declines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Letch had returned from his debacle unrepentant and more badly behaved than before . (Filtered Words: 0)
I must confess that I prefer the Liberal who is personally affected , who is willing to send his own children to a mixed school as proof of his faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fear and relief mingled in his churning emotions . (Filtered Words: 0)
elsewhere (Filtered Words: 0)
When go represents itself and a complement ( being equivalent , say , to go to Martinique ) in which boat did [FILTERED] go on ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Because of the falling characteristic of the rectifier , no ballast resistor was required for stability of operation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Though that does not mean that there may not be such records there . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the standpoint of the army of duffers , however , this was easily the most heartening exhibition they had had since [FILTERED] fell upon evil ways during his heyday and scored an 11 in the Texas open . (Filtered Words: 1)
Biological warfare (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of this testimony may have been legally admissible as bearing on the corpus delicti of the total Nazi crime but seemed subject to question when not tied to the part in it of the defendant's Department of Jewish Affairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That will fetch the gang and tell the Colonel where we are '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same command is repeated as many times as there are levels in rank from general to corporal . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so on through the roles referred to in the previous paragraph . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's about sixty , now . (Filtered Words: 0)
A shrill yelp , kicked legs , and groping hands that circled Matsuo's wrist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the salubrious effects would not be exclusively political , but at least partially , and perhaps primarily social . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yanks were equally adept at figurative expression . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , she'd come to see them once , left silver teething rings for all of the trips . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the first jazz he had heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
After being located for some years in the Village at the Equinox Pharmacy under the supervision of Mrs. [FILTERED] , it is presently located in the Hill and [FILTERED] , Manchester Center . (Filtered Words: 2)
Perhaps if they know the story there will be a massive cry of indignation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bayanihan Philippine Dance Company , with music and dances that depict the many facets of Filipino culture , opens its 60-city U.S. tour in San Francisco ( through Sept. 24 ) then , via one-night stands , moves on to Los Angeles ( Sept. 29 thru Oct. 1 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] showed them how to begin . (Filtered Words: 1)
Factory stocks in recent months have been the highest they have been in three years , while those at retail are below 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sipping their coffee , discussing the weather , the day's shopping , [FILTERED]'s commitments at the network ( all of which he would cancel ) , they avoided the radio , the morning TV news show , even the front page of the Santa Luisa Register , resting on the kitchen bar . (Filtered Words: 1)
And let it do its own lawmaking and not leave that to federal judges . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the thousandth time , I wished I'd chosen some nice , nine-to-five , five-days-a-week profession . (Filtered Words: 0)
After luncheon we took advantage of the siesta period to try to get in touch with a few people to whom our dear friend Deppy had written . (Filtered Words: 0)
Believing devoutly as they did in Anglo-Saxon institutions , it was important to both [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] that the Poles should have them . (Filtered Words: 2)
How ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A slight change in the work schedule may cut the production of cows or chickens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another case may be given in illustration of a successful use of analysis , and also of the employment of a procedure for intensive analysis . (Filtered Words: 0)
You might say we are in the nation-building business '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably off one of the carriers -- an aviator . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Given 15 days (Filtered Words: 0)
After titration of the liberated Af with Af , aliquots of the aqueous and of the organic phase were counted in a solution-type [FILTERED] tube . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Before then , my sales during much of the year had lagged behind 1960 by 20% '' , he says . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nadine strode over to him , and her pointed nails raked across his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If I have seemed to emphasize the structure of the composition , I mean to project equal concern for color . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Flexural strength : (Filtered Words: 0)
The , (Filtered Words: 0)
on the fatal battlefield of Poltava , to quote from the novel , `` the wreath he twined for himself slipped down upon his people '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the crowd was asked whether it wanted to wait one more term to make the race , it voted no -- and there were no dissents . (Filtered Words: 0)
In seeking for such meaning and purpose , [FILTERED] seized upon the concept of the `` sacredness of life '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He said , `` We Democrats must resolve our issues on the test of what is right and just , and not what is expedient at the time '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I remember that the whole of the privileges , not counting the Beech Pasture , was valued at twenty pounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be a bad place to die . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are going to be rushed and murdered '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A site may be a rundown slum or a desolate piece of desert in appearance today but have excellent potentials for the future with a little development or water . (Filtered Words: 0)
Manufacturers have designed equipment for just such circumstances , and your savings over starting from scratch will be substantial . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is [FILTERED] the actor '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
and then we have septillion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Paintings by Titian , Caravaggio , and Rubens are on display ( open 9:30 to 4:00 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a set of case studies of teachers with various social-class backgrounds , [FILTERED] illustrates a variety of approaches to students and to teaching which depend upon the teacher's personality as well as on his social-class background . (Filtered Words: 1)
she sprinkled common sugar directly on the injury and then bound it loosely with cotton cloth , over which she poured turpentine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eight classrooms in three structured schools furnished 72 cases , 36 boys and 36 girls . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first two types of change occur within the inward and immanent structure of the society . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prick frankfurters with fork ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You could try . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this gives rise to an easy camaraderie probably unequaled elsewhere in the Ivy League . (Filtered Words: 0)
An idea , of the sort that we have in mind , although of necessity readily available to imagination , is more general in connotation than most poetic or literary images , especially those appearing in lyric poems that seek to capture a moment of personal experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three of the four persons present , all foreign students in Tokyo , had been playing a game of judging popular Japanese foods by the In and Out system , an equation in which Zen philosophy was used as the modifier . (Filtered Words: 0)
No longer is the United States the only major industrial country capable of providing substantial amounts of the resources so urgently needed in the newly developed countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Successive 1-ml fractions were then drawn off with a hypodermic syringe , starting at the top of the tube , and tested for agglutinin activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] had telephoned most of her neighbors in advance , and most of them were ready for her . (Filtered Words: 1)
And , much as she detested [FILTERED] , she also did not accuse him . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` NATO cannot live on fear alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's been warbling in severe pain ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The curving benches are broken , chipped , tumbled , but still in place , as are the marble chairs , the seats of honor for the legislators . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gulf Springs was ten miles inland -- more of a quaint old coast town than those along the beach made garish by tourist attractions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The spaciousness of the Tudor cooking areas , for example , will provide needed space for the extra television sets required by modern butlers , cooks and maids . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a former President , however , Mr. [FILTERED] abandoned this role to engage in partisan sniping during a New York Republican rally , and generally missed his target . (Filtered Words: 1)
Figure 1 describes the results obtained in this trial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus it follows that the secants of **zg are all invariant . (Filtered Words: 0)
The room was bathed in light at the instant Muller's second shot came . (Filtered Words: 0)
We now write Af where Af are distinct complex numbers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , for secretarial duties ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
If he condemns the recent or the present , he condemns the past with no less force . (Filtered Words: 0)
Belief in the traditional way of life persists much more in the older states than in the new ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
there is an enchanting polonaise ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There had been an eclipse of the moon . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Consumer spending edged down in April after rising for two consecutive months , the Government reported . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would spring bolt upright suddenly after sitting quietly with inaction , because something had boiled over in his fermenting juices . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let him chafe with impatience to see [FILTERED] , rip open the note with trembling hands and read the formal report in [FILTERED]'s beautiful , schoolmaster's hand . (Filtered Words: 2)
And he could recognize , by touch alone , articles which he had handled immediately before , even though they were altogether unfamiliar to him and could not be identified by him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In [FILTERED]'s day -- and until this year -- the schedule was 154 games . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1872 there were known to be twenty-two in Norton County , and one had been in the family for 200 years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Booth had delivered his line . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is even true that some among them use the sheer fact of conformity -- `` everyone does it '' -- as a criterion for conduct . (Filtered Words: 0)
When authorities convicted him of practicing medicine without a license ( he got off with a suspended sentence of three years because of his advanced age of 77 ) , one of his victims was not around to testify : He was dead of cancer . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the skies grew dark and thunder rolled across the valley , he was unafraid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proof . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a new [FILTERED] and the Vatican was making itself heard and felt these days . (Filtered Words: 1)
File the bottom edge flush with the bar and the top 1/8'' '' above the bar . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is permitted . (Filtered Words: 0)
) The House , which had passed its smaller appropriation before the President's urgent call for more , was expected to go along with the increased defense budget in short order . (Filtered Words: 0)
Regulars drive out their own cars '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we grasp this orientation as a key , our national conduct in all of the events here mentioned becomes intelligible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Said the digger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Advertising copy frequently takes into account matters of special Negro concern . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be priceless to have an aircraft to gather that post-attack reconnaissance . (Filtered Words: 0)
But his rancor did not cease , and presently , on March 13 , when he preached a sermon on the text , `` And Ben-hadad Was Drunk '' , he told his congregation how disappointed he was in Mr. [FILTERED] , how he regretted having had him in his house , and how he should have been warned by the fact that the novelist was drunk all the time that he was working on the book . (Filtered Words: 1)
and I know that I , myself , was nauseated with apprehension and fear and that my hands were soaking wet where they held my gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
Premier [FILTERED] has made propaganda capital out of that fact and in the end got his summit meeting anyway . (Filtered Words: 1)
My great-grandmother , I have been told , made her garden her great pride ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm General [FILTERED]'s horse , upside down '' , [FILTERED] said , sort of gaspingly , for her : even she had to breathe kind of funny when she was in that position . (Filtered Words: 2)
Working for peace (Filtered Words: 0)
The innocence of which I speak is , I know , not incorruptible . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second choice , full testing , has become even more risky just because the current Soviet tests have already dangerously contaminated the atmosphere . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said that she must be assured that `` that other woman , [FILTERED] , will not be in luxury while I am scraping along '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Ever since all that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Camels in Tripoli had harelips . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't know yet , it's crazy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The cell Af becomes the second information cell in the chain and is assigned as the information cell of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
This sample was contained in a cylindrical container similar to that described above . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Birmingham newspaper printed in a column for children an article entitled `` The True Story of Guy Fawkes '' , which began : (Filtered Words: 0)
Slate said he and Crawford received cuts and scratches and their uniforms were badly torn . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've been careful about fingerprints . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the later poems , however , the personal tone predominates . (Filtered Words: 0)
The historian can only point out those lines which were major enough to find reflection in our limited evidence , and must hope that future excavations will enrich our understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are there other , cheaper communications techniques that could be substituted ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And it remains to be seen if the new frontier now taking form can produce the leadership and wisdom necessary to understand the current shape of events . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED]'s olive-green street length silk taffeta dress was embroidered on the bodice with gold threads and golden sequins and beads . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the vases this spirit may perhaps at times bore or repel one in its internal self-satisfaction , but the best of the Geometric pins have rightly been considered among the most beautiful ever made in the Greek world . (Filtered Words: 0)
As in experience one is seized by given entities and their interrelations and is forced to respond in value feelings to them , so one is similarly seized in the mimetic presentation of images . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the yard looked wet and bald , the trees bare under their buds , but in a while Miss [FILTERED]'s flowers would bloom like a marching parade . (Filtered Words: 1)
I do not mean to imply that Christians have adopted the liberal assumption , so prevalent in Hinduism , that all religions are merely different paths to the same summit . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , slowly , feeling himself icy yet burning , [FILTERED] turned . (Filtered Words: 1)
Have you actually checked out ( not just mentally tested ) different selling approaches designed to counter the price competition problem ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He had fallen into a soft job , and now the job was gone and he was stranded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sure enough , mail began trickling in , delivered by a talkative , highly amused French postman who informed me there had been quite a debate at the post office as to whether that address would be recognized . (Filtered Words: 0)
He whirled about suddenly . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , the process of obsoleting an old product and introducing the new one is usually mighty expensive . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
They have little `` esprit de corps '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It contains large amounts of protein , vitamins and minerals . (Filtered Words: 0)
that made it doubtful as the hiding place of a man whose plans had to be made in advance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now she must be thinking of a boy-name , something special . (Filtered Words: 0)
That the perfect continuity was composed from the joblot of memory impressions in the professor's brain , or 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] is buried in the cause of restoring France's lost soul . (Filtered Words: 1)
Argon was used as a blowing gas to exclude any effects of dissociation or chemical reaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the Southern States exercised their `` right to secede '' , they formed what they officially styled `` The Confederate States of America '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
have the short action ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
People come to me with confidence . (Filtered Words: 0)
I remember her because she didn't want her picture in the paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take that spot over there '' , he whispered , pointing to a small clump of blackness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody can tell more closely how many villages there are . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Symphony Of The Air , greatly assisted by [FILTERED] , last night got its seven-concert Beethoven cycle at Carnegie Hall off to a good start . (Filtered Words: 1)
The journey back he made along the coast road , traveling hell-for-leather , every lantern of the tallyho ablaze . (Filtered Words: 0)
If any official operation abroad begins to go wrong , we shall look to the ambassador to find out why and to get suggestions for remedial action . (Filtered Words: 0)
The steady purpose of our society is to assure justice , before God , for every individual . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would not that be the end of thinking and the end of art ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] put down a dish of lukewarm rice . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] nodded . (Filtered Words: 1)
Luckily both women knew my position and if anyone suffered in their opinion it was not I '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
rather than teach where teaching was not wanted , they would wash their hands of the mess . (Filtered Words: 0)
But not a single human life was lost , and property damage in the Hawaiian Islands did not exceed $800,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet a murderer ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The sickness was gone and , after all , the two young couples were on their honeymoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lemma 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was an annual audit , [FILTERED] informed him . (Filtered Words: 1)
his face wore a look of outrage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the Distilled Spirits Institute has long had a specific prohibition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Old and new briefly crossed paths in the U.S. Senate , then went their respective ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could halt a flood of Communist arms and strategic supplies now reaching [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Five miles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The very faces of the people bore this expectation of fun and pleasure . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Charity as she knew it was complex and reciprocal , and almost every roof she saw signified charity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hank was beginning to feel sharp concern for Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Too much work this morning , Miss [FILTERED] -- everybody gone like that '' -- (Filtered Words: 1)
The DRDW statement may be used for this purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ages of the slaves ranged from sixty-five , for an old house servant , to an unnamed newborn child . (Filtered Words: 0)
A study of the distribution of WTV antigen within the pseudophloem cells indicates that it is irregularly distributed in the cytoplasm . (Filtered Words: 0)
His head flopped back . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the use of various weights , data for a force-rate of shear graph can be obtained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Via called to say they had decided to cremate her -- as they had [FILTERED] , the thought leaped to my mind -- and did I want to meet her at the funeral home the next morning . (Filtered Words: 1)
The man was tall , thin , with a narrow face and a too-large nose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet it is plainly time to make a start , and to be effective the first move should be highly dramatic , without being fanatical . (Filtered Words: 0)
What now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it is to be noted also that confidence should grow from remembering that great men often appeared in the past to turn local catastrophe into future good for all mankind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor can one forget Pope John's unprecedented meeting with the Archbishop of Canterbury . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something had to give . (Filtered Words: 0)
In another attack , [FILTERED] , 41 , proprietor of a food store in the 2100 block Aiken Street , told police two Negroes assaulted him in his store and stole $150 from the cash register after choking and beating him . (Filtered Words: 1)
You can keep your machinery investment down by buying good secondhand machinery , by sharing the cost and upkeep of machinery with a neighbor , and by hiring someone with machinery to do certain jobs . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had developed too foolproof a facade to be afraid of self-betrayal . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were even , Anne and George , probably thinking themselves very considerate in not hinting that she really should cut out `` one or two countries '' and come home in August to get Cousin Emma's house ready before the teachers came to Tuxapoka in September . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned to [FILTERED] and kissed her on the cheek . (Filtered Words: 1)
After all , where else can the public see a wagon these days ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I have also constantly engaged in scientific work and am fully aware of the value of opinions formed in science as well as in the religions in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
I jist stayed where I was while he fumbled around and then walked away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five years later , he was awarded the university's degree in law . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lower portion permits comparison of maturity levels of short and round bones predominantly , since only two long bones are included in Hand and [FILTERED] as a region . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] are planning a luncheon next week in honor of Mrs. [FILTERED] , who celebrates her birthday on Tuesday . (Filtered Words: 3)
After all , she had come to [FILTERED] in 1888 , and had been since 1891 except for one year , Associate [FILTERED] or [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
He was a member of the Baptist church . (Filtered Words: 0)
We concluded that we may refer workers to the fieldwork ( but not the packing shed work ) provided we give them written notice of the packing shed dispute . (Filtered Words: 0)
Toys will not be collected at firehouses this year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although wanted by the sheriff for killing an old man named [FILTERED] , the warrant for his arrest had never been served . (Filtered Words: 1)
There were unclaimed square miles of seating space around them , but he appreciated the kindliness of her gesture none the less . (Filtered Words: 0)
But today there are signs that these roles are being reversed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was what they said before every performance but tonight it sounded different , as if he really needed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wizard who fashioned West Germany's astonishing industrial rebirth is the soul of free enterprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he would get to his feet , as though rising in honor of his own remarkable powers , and say almost invariably , `` Gentlemen , this is an amazing story ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And so he had , so he had . (Filtered Words: 0)
The antithyroid drugs of the thiouracil type , however , are not antagonised by such means . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
greater price-consciousness . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the market place Jews have in fact under various circumstances been valued customers and suppliers , or clannish monopolists and cutthroat competitors . (Filtered Words: 0)
and General Motors and Du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any Du Pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by General Motors to Du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their gait is impossible to convey in words . (Filtered Words: 0)
claims are properly disposed of according to norms common to all parties . (Filtered Words: 0)
About that time he began reading Mr. [FILTERED] and Muscle Builder and he learned of the famous Weider way to fast weight gaining . (Filtered Words: 1)
Denials were of motions of dismissal , continuance , mistrial , separate trial , acquittal , striking of testimony and directed verdict . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I couldn't take six more weeks of this . (Filtered Words: 0)
As was noted earlier , it is important that in valid , objective study of this sort of communication , the interested sitter should be separated from the sensitive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even if they ever did say anything about people like [FILTERED] , I know they wouldn't have dreamed of saying it in front of me . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mission to Viet Nam (Filtered Words: 0)
Had More's writings been wholly limited to such exercises , they would be almost as dimly remembered as those of a dozen or so other authors living in his time , whose works tenuously survive in the minds of the few hundred scholars who each decade in pursuit of their very specialized occasions read those works . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was going to take a lot of activity to fill it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Australites ( tektites from Australia ) give the appearance of a second melting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind this reply , and its many variations , is the ever-present budget problem all libraries must face , from the largest to the smallest . (Filtered Words: 0)
His statements about sports and exercises of a physical nature are suggestive , but inconclusive . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the fullness of her vocal splendor , however , she could sing the famous scene magnificently . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
A [FILTERED] ( [FILTERED] , Director ) was formed under AIMO in the Congo , to work in close rapport with the Section Statistique of the Secretariat General . (Filtered Words: 2)
Pick the flowers , keep the soil dampened , and each of the pegged-down branches will take root and become a little plant and go on blooming for the rest of the season . (Filtered Words: 0)
The figures have been executed so skillfully that one senses a great feeling of life and movement . (Filtered Words: 0)
One veracious woman tells me she has used thin potato parings for both corns and calluses on her feet and they remove the pain or `` fire '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Testifies at hearing (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Miss Maude . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Take one side of the street , and I'll take the other '' , he proposed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Street car tracks run down the center of Pennsylvania , powered with lines that are underground . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eleazar , pausing on the Hanover plain , found its great forests and remoteness good and with his own hands built the first College Hall , a log hut dedicated `` for the education & instruction of Youth of the Indian Tribes in this Land in reading , writing & all parts of learning which shall appear necessary and expedient for civilizing & christianizing Children of Pagans as well as in all liberal Arts and Sciences ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
' back with the Met (Filtered Words: 0)
Not a bad girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
The people visited were glad to have a government with heart enough to take an interest in their misery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapter 22 (Filtered Words: 0)
It's all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most countries in this second category share the difficulty of having many of the structures of a modern political and social system without the modern standards of performance required to make them effective . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't understand why , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is much talk in theological circles about the `` Church as Mission '' and the `` Church's Mission '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Slackened regional demand for St. Louis goods and services reflects the region's relative lack of purchasing power . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was carrying a quirt , and she started to raise it , then let it fall again and dangle from her wrist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Letting the administration take details off their hands would give them more time to inform themselves about education as a whole , an area that would benefit by more faculty attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
For his workmanship we are , created in Christ Jesus . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of the half-hour , racking his brains , thinking over and over again of Kitti , her friends , her past , he left the bedroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We were requested by the Secretary General , as I understand it , to discuss with you such matters as appear to us to be relevant , and we are not of course either a formal group or a committee in the sense of being guided by any rules or regulations of the Secretariat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all the concern for health is well directed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Nassau system recognizes that its major task it to broaden reference service , what with the constant expansion of education and knowledge , and the pressure of population growth in a metropolitan area . (Filtered Words: 0)
Congress should then be asked to give the Peace Corps a firm legislative foundation for the next fiscal year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lewis remembered another newspaperman asking , `` [FILTERED] , have your ideas changed any since you got all these comforts '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Again there was something familiar about her , something -- (Filtered Words: 0)
They now lead Louisville by a full game on top of the American Association pack . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had no romance . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` If the day should ever come that foreign invaders swarm ashore along the Gulf Coast '' , the account reads , `` they can count on heavy opposition from a group of commando-trained telephone employees -- all girls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sprouted grains and seeds are used in salads and dishes such as chop suey . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is done at varying speeds , ranging from the slow and fast [FILTERED] ( a musical term meaning double strings ) to the fastest , ecstatic Karshilama ( meaning greetings or welcome ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Issue no. 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Nikita buys a small plot in some modest rural cemetery , everyone will understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The place had no sink or washbasin , only a bathtub '' , his mother discovered when she visited him . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no reason to leave the comfortable quarters inside the ship , except that , faced with a possibility of sleeping on solid ground , they simply had to get out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Few writers have better understood their deepest selves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our collective policies , group and national , are similarly based on voodoo , but here we often lack even the empirically successful rituals and are still engaged in determing them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll try '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What a fool he had been to think of his brother ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In the apartment itself , all was still . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was a foreman with S and W Cafeteria . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] ( surname : Gerby ) , 23 , seems Hong Kong Oriental but has a Spanish father and an Indian mother , was born in America and educated at Holy Cross Academy and Textile High School , says she learned belly dancing at family picnics . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Northeast (Filtered Words: 0)
Boundary maintenance . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had quarreled with [FILTERED] , she had resisted his demands for money -- and if she died , by the provisions of her marriage contract , [FILTERED] would inherit legally not only the immediate sum of gold under the floorboards in the office , but later , when the war was over , her father's entire estate . (Filtered Words: 2)
See page 24 for a complete report on it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He attacked one of the officers and was restrained . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] was [FILTERED]'s responsibility , not hers . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` How's [FILTERED] like rubbin' agin that thar little ticklebrush ye're a-raising '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Gaylor's obsession and [FILTERED]'s chimera-chasing reminiscences had mesmerized him into thinking of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED]c , separately or together , as a legend . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` [FILTERED] had never pretended to give advice in such affairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
But you haven't changed much , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Six cities and towns are presently on a July 1 to June 30 fiscal year and have coordinated their tax collection year with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he saw the expression in her eyes , he knew he couldn't send them on . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I want the fish served whole , with head and tail '' , the epicure explained , `` and serve it with lemon in mouth '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is the play . (Filtered Words: 0)
A separate research department is , of course , confined to new or future designs . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] scanned the skies , the boards , and the skies again . (Filtered Words: 1)
And I snuggled closer to the man I loved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Detroit , Mich. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If communication with an entity on the `` other side '' is taking place , this too may assume the form of clairvoyant symbolism . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s mouth watered with anticipation when after months of dreaming she sat down at last to her much-craved milk and fresh bread . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I can manage '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
indirect method . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under committee rules , it went automatically to a subcommittee for one week . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drove , and the road wobbled , familiar scenes crept past on either side . (Filtered Words: 0)
This Sparky can rack and single-foot and he's the fastest thing in Washoe County . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly it was cold in the lobby . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men crying love poems in an orchard on any summer's night are as often as not the lutihaw , mustachioed toughs who spend most of their lives in and out of the local prisons , brothels , and teahouses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , the list is interesting for its omissions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has announced results on Hokan , Penutian , [FILTERED] , and almost all other American families and phyla , and has diagrammed their degree of interrelation ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Kitti had come along to justify everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
The kind of religious experience that most moderns seek not only provides , clarifies , and relates human yearnings , values , ideals , and purposes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Congratulations to N.C. for successfully delving into the heart of the problems that face the Peace Corps . (Filtered Words: 0)
But that heritage is shrinking even faster . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each entry that is selected for storage is written into the next available cells of the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 360 degrees of horizon it obscured only a degree , no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
His mother , who had seen little of him for four years , appeared worried about his sailing off by himself for an Orient which , she herself having slight knowledge of it , had to be distrusted . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had given his name and asked for a safe-conduct pass . (Filtered Words: 1)
The motif of Faust's love for Helen of Troy goes back to the sources of the Faustian legend . (Filtered Words: 0)
the time to decide on them is now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scholarship applicant ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
While it is hazardous to project the trend of history , it seems clear that a genuine community is painfully emerging in the Western world , particularly among the countries of Western Europe . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You haven't got cancer '' , I said as strongly as I could . (Filtered Words: 0)
she died on August sixth . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had talked to him right there , with the hot sun in his face , which made him sweat and feel ashamed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did not answer him . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is my hope that this written message and report will reach you through the good offices of the Union of Soviet Artists . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Emory University's charter and by-laws have never required admission or rejection of students on the basis of race '' , board chairman [FILTERED] stated . (Filtered Words: 1)
We had nearly decided that all the tales of Lao lethargy must be true , when we were invited to take a trip with the Prime Minister . (Filtered Words: 0)
The deputy had forced him to by his manner of accosting him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He crossed Broome Street to Orange Square . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' 353 U. S. , at 589 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another teen-ager remarked : `` Most Jews don't believe in God , but they believe in people -- in helping people '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Horse smell was very strong , and he could hear the crunch of grain being ground between strong jaws . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So help me , [FILTERED] , I'd like to kill you where you stand , but , before I do , I'm going to hear you admit killing him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Let me give Papa blood '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I soon came back to my senses '' , he said , aloud , to the young blizzard , proudly , drawing himself up , as if making a report to some important superior . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's one of the reasons art is becoming a useless occupation . (Filtered Words: 0)
All the king's horses and all the king's men (Filtered Words: 0)
The aluminum , flush against the battens , acted as a fairing stick and enabled me to plane the chines and keelson to the proper bevels easily . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You won't , if you're looking for a redhead . (Filtered Words: 0)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or what was it that , before Via , Sonny , Walter and all , I began almost to dance with shuddering and cry out , `` I knew she'd do it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
His dogs ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Sessions devoted to `` Ethics and Foreign Policy Trends '' , `` Moral Principle and Political Judgment '' , `` Christian Ethics in the Cold War '' and related subjects proved to be much livelier under this procedure than if Catholics were merely talking to themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tracks in the snow showed the plane was airborne in less than a hundred feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same rule of specialization and division of labor guides him in the FELA certiorari cases , in the administrative law area , and indeed in the whole realm of judicial review . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Gets car number (Filtered Words: 0)
To my room ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His first desire was to create a mother and son alone in the universe . (Filtered Words: 0)
For he feared the Lake of Fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Peace Corps volunteers are assured a tax benefit under the law creating the agency . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bed was empty now . (Filtered Words: 0)
( The last doorman that saw me do that should calm himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the knowledge that she was losing another boy , as a mother always does when a marriage is made , did not prevent her from having the first carefree , dreamless sleep that she had known since they dropped down the canyon and into Bear Valley , way , way back there when they were crossing those other mountains . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the one on the right . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Well I was able to do it '' , Charlotte said with no sign of irritation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the Communese reply came back from many mouthpieces with striking consistency . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hope [FILTERED] bought them whole '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] tossed his glove away and began to swing at the catcher . (Filtered Words: 1)
She said nothing until Pietro had slackened their pace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet during the same period there were 1,080,062 additions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The war to subdue them taxed the resources of the colony and piled up enormous debts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interest rates are determined by the board of directors of the bank with the approval of the Farm Credit Administration . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he returned home , the station wagon loaded with tools , [FILTERED] had gone with a friend to some meeting in the village , using the recently purchased second car . (Filtered Words: 1)
This family of Luxemburg immigrants , in fact , produced two exceptional children . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Encouraging by every means , all existing Assemblies of God churches to start new churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. [FILTERED]'s death . (Filtered Words: 1)
The fixed window panels with louvers should have a good grade of 1/8-inch double-strength glass set in a mastic glazing compound . (Filtered Words: 0)
The effective recognition of excellence and its nurture has to be learned and is not learned in a day , nor even in a year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , from within the still , sleeping house , the telephone had rung ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
During these years the youthful conductor had contributed greatly to the high level of musical life in Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
She set down her suitcase . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said he would do it , though probably nobody would produce it , for his own `` soul's ease and comfort '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cannot , of course , examine each proposal from scratch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jubal couldn't reconstruct the crime from the way the girls behaved because patterns kept shifting -- ABC vs D , then BCD vs A or AB vs CD , or AD vs CB , through all ways that four women can gang up on each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Educate the city employes to give real service to the public . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the more complex the morphophonemic system is in relation to the phonemic base , the less easily a phonemic system will be analysed without close attention to the morphophonemics -- at least , the less satisfying will a phonemic statement be if it cannot be related through morphophonemic rules to grammatically meaningful structures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor was it long , naturally , before prominent Negroes rushed forward to assure the republic that the U.N. rioters do not represent the real feeling of the Negro community . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 time ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The district officials , along with their other duties , were obliged to organize special demographic inquiries in selected areas and to supervise the annual tabulations of demographic statistics . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is natural that he should turn for his major support to a select and dedicated few from the organization which actually owns the university and whose goals are , in their opinion , identified with its highest good and ( to use that oft-repeated phrase ) ' the attainment of excellence ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For many reasons , the demand to buy shares in the Dallas-headquartered company was tremendous . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe TV watchers will be bored . (Filtered Words: 0)
His image of the Virgin had always been that of a young woman , even as had his memory of his mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
Notable in this category are the Jupiter and Thor intermediate range ballistic missiles , which have been successfully developed , produced , and deployed , but the relative importance of which has diminished with the increasing availability of the [FILTERED] intercontinental ballistic missile . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] watched them go , still frowning absently and then dismissing the matter as he called for his check . (Filtered Words: 1)
Just let the rejection slips fall where they may , and keep on plugging , and finally you will make the grade . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alternate locations exist for all key command centers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Step Aside ( Direct Rhythm-Wily Widow ) has worked in 2:32 on the half-mile track and shows promise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Company rule in Louisiana left the colony without fortifications , arms , munitions , or supplies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soaring to stardom along with him , Margo Felicity Brighetti , a luscious and curvaceously beguiling Italian starlet , turns in a creditable performance as an airplane mechanic . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps the Jewish students at Brooklyn College -- constituting 85 per cent of those who attend the day session -- can serve as a paradigm of the urban , lower-middle class Jewish student . (Filtered Words: 0)
against the limitless background of sky and wasteland it was easy to confirm her analysis . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Work '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
All natural food fats fall into one of three categories -- saturated , mono-unsaturated and poly-unsaturated . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is required is the full implementation of Article 2 of the Treaty , which provides : `` The Parties will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions , by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are founded , and by promoting conditions of stability and well-being . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pains themselves had not changed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Peter , you lummox , you've forgot to order the musicians '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it so happened that adjacent to a couch on which she had taken refuge was a small table on which she noted a vase of red rosebuds ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The old-time bridges over the Merrimac River in Massachusetts are of unusual interest in many respects . (Filtered Words: 0)
The train had slowed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd been in an angry mood : Conchita had thought his face almost ugly with the anger in him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such liquids will rise to a considerable height above the surface around the chamber before they will flow out of the chamber . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Turning to the Word of God , we find the only sure way to do that . (Filtered Words: 0)
his bride opened the store . (Filtered Words: 0)
The one- or two-digit number of the index word or electronic switch was used in the operand of a symbolic machine instruction to specify indexing or as a parameter which is always an index word or electronic switch , e.g. , 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had a wonderful way of not listening to things she didn't want to hear . (Filtered Words: 1)
In this process the vaginal muscles come under better conscious control by the girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) Realtors realize , of course , that they are involved in an increasingly complex legal and political system that is opening up opportunities for leverage on their relation to clients as well as opportunities for evasion of their responsibility for racial discrimination in housing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Providence Sunday Journal article ( Jan. 29 ) asking whether American taxpayers are being victimized by a gigantic giveaway to pay for the care of war veterans who have non-service-connected disabilities sounds as though The Providence Journal is desperate for news . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when [FILTERED] rides with them they also have to take the two girls who usually ride with her , so the little car isn't big enough . (Filtered Words: 1)
Let's get out of here '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And he said , `` The same fellow who has been running it , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
the administration's official budget review , which estimates a 6.9 billion dollar deficit for the current fiscal year , isn't making anyone happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
This French film , set in Italy , is a summertime splurge in shock and terror all shot in lovely sunny scenery -- so breath-taking that at times you almost forget the horrors the movie is dealing with . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll talk later . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parker insisted upon not resigning , even when the majority wanted him to depart , upon daring the Fellowship to throw him out . (Filtered Words: 0)
These three installment dates would be : October 26 , January 26 , and April 25 ( Providence ) and November 15 , February 16 and May 15 ( [FILTERED] ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is assumed that the flux values increase by a factor of 2.512 per magnitude , in accordance with the opinion that the total mass flux in each unit range in magnitude is constant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tracing the blues from its African roots among the slaves who were brought to this country and the West Indies , he stressed the close relationship between the early jazz forms and the music of the Negro churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ' when ' you know ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On the eve of the `` great debate '' on the proposal to give the President broad powers to make across-the-board tariff concessions which could practically bring us into the Atlantic Community , we should face the alternatives on this proposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
He put it in his own pocket for safekeeping . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the final analysis his contribution to American historiography was founded on almost intuitive insights into religion , economics , and Darwinism , the three factors which conditioned his search for a law of history . (Filtered Words: 0)
Atty. Gen. [FILTERED] appeared for the state . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am assured by experts that the thrust of our present missiles is fully adequate for defense requirements . (Filtered Words: 0)
In these respects the vases of the early eighth century represent a culmination of earlier lines of progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
) From this amount deduct the items indicated below . (Filtered Words: 0)
The civilizational crisis , the third type of change raises the question `` what are we to do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The authors insist , however , that these abnormalities in the sense of touch were due absolutely to no organic disorders in that sense faculty but rather to the injuries which the patient had sustained to the sense of sight . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are not governmentally subsidized organizations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thankful I wasn't Nadine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two of the clamps are fixed to the edges of the board whereas two clamps travel on guide rails opposite the fixed clamps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is bluntly frank in his personal opinions . (Filtered Words: 1)
Southern California blackout (Filtered Words: 0)
and if he wasn't entirely committed to what he did , he was at least fascinated by the chance of wider opportunities . (Filtered Words: 0)
She grabbed at Feathertop's sleeve and shrieked , `` Help him ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He alludes to something called direct writing , and he finds that criticism gets in the way of his truer , realer , imaginative bounce . (Filtered Words: 0)
A prepared statement released by the student group Friday stated that `` extensive research by COAHR into techniques and methods of theater integration in other cities indicated that the presence of picket lines and stand-ins before segregated theaters causes a drop in profits '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Taking account of the fact that such a move on our part would be unpopular in world opinion , he argued that the responsibility of the United States is `` to do , confidently and firmly , not what is popular , but what is right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was it all vain labor ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` For if ye forgive men their trespasses , your heavenly Father will also forgive you : but if ye forgive not men their trespasses , neither will your Father forgive -- your trespasses '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until they see the ecumenical movement in terms of the difference it makes in their own attitudes , programs , and relationships , it will have an inevitable aspect of unreality . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You could try . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Her '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Lighting one he pitched it into the crevice , and the lioness left off mauling the dogs and departed . (Filtered Words: 0)
How in the world did one attach a pegboard to a stone wall ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
otherwise , being analytic , they would coincide at all points , which is impossible since they do not coincide near Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
But cooperation and understanding between local officials and the citizenry help lessen this problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was her work to go among her neighbors and collect their checks . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was frightened ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and almost the only `` cure '' is early detection and removal . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As long as the couple is in agreement in their approach to sex , it makes little difference if one or the other dominates '' , Dr. [FILTERED] declares . (Filtered Words: 1)
For fifty years his guns and ham-like fists shot holes through and battered the daylights out of the enemies of law and order in the frontier towns of the West . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the rings was a white gold band with a diamond setting , valued at $900 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The biological and physical properties of infectious particles have been studied intensively during the past fifteen years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he went on to the Cheyennes and told them that the Sioux was goin' to move up . (Filtered Words: 0)
the air was thick with smoke , empty bottles were in evidence , and several of the guests were somewhat the worse for liquor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The breeze and chancellor Neitzbohr , a movie melodrama that concerns the attempts of a West German politician to woo a plaster cast of the Apollo Belvedere . (Filtered Words: 0)
If this aspect of death as punishment is not distinguished from the idea of death as natural termination , the conclusion seems inevitable that temporal existence itself is a form of punishment rather than the state into which man is put by the will of the Creator . (Filtered Words: 0)
The vision became even stronger now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recapitulation of Milton's undergraduate career (Filtered Words: 0)
It provides exactly the same reason . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oliver's 37-1/2 feet is partly based on this report and can be accepted as probable . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was gazing at him in an insolent , disdainful fashion ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Oh crap ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Every decision was made quickly on sound grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be good for her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dolce Vita get-together boasted a strip tease ( carried as far as a black slip ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Her name was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then gradually he began to pull away . (Filtered Words: 0)
The strong negative field his suit set up would help to repel bacteria and insects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mavis smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
No doubt it had to do with the log . (Filtered Words: 0)
But DiMaggio never said a word . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hadn't liked it at first -- it was bitter and burning . (Filtered Words: 0)
The critics' campaign finally inspired the first major U.S. exhibit of [FILTERED]'s works . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the time I was filled with self-pity at this separation , but in the years since I have come to understand that the sight of me was painful to them after that outcry . (Filtered Words: 0)
People are giving their doctors a hard time . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who had earlier praised Molesworth in Tatler No. 189 , now defended him in Englishman No. 46 , depicting his removal as a setback to the Constitution . (Filtered Words: 1)
Field Marshal Slim is striking in description , amusing in many anecdotes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since he had gross income of $600 or more , he must file a return in which he may claim an exemption deduction of $600 . (Filtered Words: 0)
An accompanying record of paralanguage factors for the second example might also note a throaty rasp . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll start sneezing in a minute , sitting on these cold steps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will somebody please reopen the Auditorium ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What in the name of God was he doing , crouched in a timbered pit on the wrong bank of the river ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Continuing with the case in which **zg is a Af curve on a quadric Q , we first observe that the second regulus of Q consists precisely of the lines which join the two free intersections of **zg and the planes through any one of the multiple secants . (Filtered Words: 0)
We've always been so close '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frowning , [FILTERED] studied the list . (Filtered Words: 1)
The marine shut his eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rector was warming to his over-all strategy by the time he got back to the residential hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clay was rolled to 1/4'' '' thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the piazza Navona and pantheon (Filtered Words: 0)
If you are up against private brand competition , have you formulated a long-term program for researching and strengthening your market position ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They are very small , and in the form of haystacks , without either chimney or windows . (Filtered Words: 0)
He says of it : (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a workable alternative to this potentially dangerous and harmful C. & O. - B. & O. merger scheme '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
What does he conceive his role to be in this area of social unrest ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There was little chance anyone would enter this shaft during the winter . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't suppose a wife should be grateful to her husband for saving her life , but I am . (Filtered Words: 0)
Needless to say , I was furious at this unparalleled intrusion upon free enterprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
For him to ignore the political consequences involved in an Atlantic Union of this kind is difficult to understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Communist gains (Filtered Words: 0)
Methods of financing adjustments (Filtered Words: 0)
Kodyke had appeared at the mine one day bearing a letter from Kruger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since he had gross income of $600 or more , he must file a return in which he may claim an exemption deduction of $600 . (Filtered Words: 0)
For each i , let Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made many tasteless , irreverent and unfunny remarks , not only about me in the title role , but about religion in general . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had style , a real inner vision of his very own . (Filtered Words: 0)
Six Bucs over . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The monitor of this discourse grinned with pride and amusement as Helva's tone indicated pity for the unfortunate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of their original objections about `` shells '' were overridden by the relief that these hideous ( to them ) bodies were mercifully concealed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cut hole in base for cork stopper . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's simple enough from my point of view . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ierulli will replace [FILTERED] who has been called to active military service but is expected back on the job by March 31 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Construction follows a thorough study of the drawings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , all but blind , he said there was nothing in Back to Methuselah -- , -- `` G.B.S. ought to have known that '' , -- and `` I look at my bookshelves despairingly , knowing that I can have nothing more to do with them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1960 more than 6,000 Communist technicians were present in those countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the phone rang he answered it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aids sounds more like a Pony Club , or horsemanship classes -- riding a horse and showing a dog are very similar ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He dozed , only to dream of [FILTERED] , and woke , only to crash into the night table , bruising his other shin . (Filtered Words: 1)
The jungle did not retort . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- History of the Church ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She held herself that way and turned her head towards them and laughed and winked . (Filtered Words: 0)
At fifteen he didn't care that he had no mother , that he couldn't remember her face or her touch ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was greeted with a chorus of boos by 500 women in Trenton Monday at a forum of the State Federation of Women's Clubs . (Filtered Words: 0)
over , the , country -- . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] bought some scrap lumber . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is the root issue for which the United States should stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it didn't matter now whether he meant to invade the Holy of Holies , or was simply headed in that direction by accident . (Filtered Words: 0)
Different cards are used for males and females , and a corner is clipped from the cards of adults , and of children when they reach puberty . (Filtered Words: 0)
We sat for a while drinking in silence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two events are taking place at the same time . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is one of the very few new things in Utopia ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hoa-whup '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
There was much sickness in the corps , and the men were , in addition , without the clothing , shoes , and blankets needed for the winter weather . (Filtered Words: 0)
And you love Ahmiri , that black bastard of a servant even a little more , because he's a beautiful man . (Filtered Words: 0)
rather , the generality of these students find their university experience congenial to their own sense of values . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oso reached up , jerked the buck from the bale and snapped his neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What you don't understand is that I'm asking for it now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In that case , let's not draw . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the railroad's president , said , `` A drastic decline in freight loading due principally to the severe slump in the movement of heavy goods has necessitated this regrettable action '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Indeed , the spiral Af , with the two endpoints connected by a straight line possesses only one inscribed square . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] just paid me a visit . (Filtered Words: 1)
There had been more to know about [FILTERED] , inevitably , and most of it unfavorable . (Filtered Words: 1)
Their hostess enquired . (Filtered Words: 0)
For that is the one an increasingly large number of prominent Americans are now proposing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of our largest cities have one or more separate vocational or technical high schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the testing room he was to make , successively , three presentations to three different people . (Filtered Words: 0)
For so long as death was not violent , it was natural and to be welcomed , making a funeral a feast . (Filtered Words: 0)
He opened the door and followed Rourke out . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Virus infection nothing '' , she'd scream at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I just wish to congratulate Inspector [FILTERED] and his efficient police troops in cleaning the city of those horrible automobiles . (Filtered Words: 1)
Frame (Filtered Words: 0)
the important point , however , is that these magnificent achievements , unlike those of later decades , were only incidentally influenced by Oriental models . (Filtered Words: 0)
French & Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
That still holds . (Filtered Words: 0)
The room looked normal and even commonplace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody could hear what was going on in this underground vault . (Filtered Words: 0)
But exactly how far it will go toward improving conditions is another question because there is so much that needs doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
He was trying to smile at her . (Filtered Words: 0)
It takes a great deal of abstraction to free oneself from the primitive impression of larger unities of power and influence and to view one's world simply as a collection of sense data arranged in such and such sequence and pattern , devoid of all power to move the feelings and actions except in so far as they present themselves for inspection . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is president of the Westfield Women's Republican Club and is a Westfield county committeewoman . (Filtered Words: 1)
Or that's what it looked like at the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] seems , in fact , to acquire for himself a burden of sin , not bequeathed by Adam , but accumulated in the inevitable judgments which life requires of him as between greater and lesser responsibilities . (Filtered Words: 1)
But not any more . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had been surprised at her for that . (Filtered Words: 1)
The following month the invasion of Italy was begun , and [FILTERED] gave effect to his warning by consenting to the stockpiling of poison gas in southern Italy . (Filtered Words: 1)
that is , on the basis of his own sinfulness and abject wretchedness , [FILTERED] becomes a prophet who in his ecstasy and in the name of God imprecates doom on Life -- not only the cyclist now , but the audience , the world , as well : `` all you light-headed breed '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was sound asleep , and I didn't see any sense in waking him . (Filtered Words: 1)
What was the list ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
They lay on his lap , palms up , stiffly motionless , the tapered fingers a little thick at the joints . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scientists who agitate hardest for technical recognition are often the most reluctant to accept it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was then noting that the big eye on the little newt hung back until the little eye had grown up to it , while the little eye on the big newt grew rapidly until it was as big as the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
We'll drop Mr. [FILTERED] off in Ardmore '' , Julia said , and for the merest second [FILTERED] was reminded of her father's tone with servants . (Filtered Words: 2)
he crept in an incertain manner , patting the ground before him . (Filtered Words: 0)
This picture of extreme self-reliant individuation is difficult to reconcile with such Zendo formulas as : `` O you , demons and other spiritual beings , I now offer this to you , and may this food fill up the ten quarters of the world and all the demons and other spiritual beings be fed therewith . (Filtered Words: 0)
The young married people ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Impersonal purposes (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This reveals some misunderstanding on your part . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am to go to Washington to serve with him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Provide a name card for each new member . (Filtered Words: 0)
Supt. [FILTERED] had recommended [FILTERED] for the post . (Filtered Words: 2)
It has held them at bay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unlike the heroes and flappers of the lost generation , they disdain the art of `` necking '' and `` petting '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the pity for them his loneliness was gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
State Senator [FILTERED] ( D. , First Baltimore ) had a stroke yesterday while in his automobile in the 200 block of West Pratt Street . (Filtered Words: 1)
O'Banion's reaction was : `` Three hundred dollars ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Coney Island sauce : finely chop several onions and add enough catsup to moisten well ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Criticality : (Filtered Words: 0)
there is no one point in a man's career at which he must select either the technical or the managerial path upward . (Filtered Words: 0)
He then draped him over the rough stand , explained that he was supposed to be recently dead , and was being held on his mother's lap . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gawdamighty '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It is reasonable to affirm two propositions : Jews have been perceived by non-Jews as all things to all men ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For those affiliated with it , the A.L.A.M. pool was a haven from the infringement actions involving detail patents that beset the industry with mounting intensity after 1900 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lewis told him what clothes he should bring along , and enjoined him not to buy anything that he did not already own , they would do that in New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , the outlook could be dark indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A plug and a tube with holes in its cylindrical walls divided the chamber above the porous plug into two parts . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a roar of pain and fury [FILTERED] made his attack . (Filtered Words: 1)
If this practice should take root and spread , the man who submits a manuscript to a publisher will find himself reviewed before he is accepted and publication will become a sort of post-mortem formality . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is the kind of people they are . (Filtered Words: 0)
Transportation may be provided from nearby school districts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within institutions there is a marked decline of the process of persuasion and the substitution of a force-fear process which masquerades as the earlier one of persuasion . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are abstracting from the fact of strikes here , but it should be obvious that the extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is also a function of the show of resistance put up by the industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
What can 10-year-old [FILTERED] expect when she enters the orthodontist's office ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The great state of Texas offers metropolitan attractions such as the Dallas Fair Park with its art and natural history museums . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he grows older it may be a matter of providing some accustomed object ( his `` magic '' thing ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of four dark brown ears , one twitched slightly at this . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally petitioner says that he was entitled to inspect the FBI report during the proceedings before the hearing officer as well as at the trial . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But if there is no line , how can there be two countries ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A big-league municipal stadium at Flushing Meadow Park is in the works , and once the lease is signed the local club will be formally recognized by Commissioner [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
She is just home from a sojourn in London where she has become the sweetheart of a young fellow named [FILTERED] ( we never do see him ) and has been subjected to a first course in thinking and appreciating , including a dose of good British socialism . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ultimately the development will comprise 300 units , in two-story and three-story structures . (Filtered Words: 0)
What a joy to realize that we , too , can claim this promise tendered by the Lord during His earthly ministry to a group of men who were very dear to Him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Old Man near the corner let the shadow pass over him , sensing something portentous in it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then [FILTERED] started up the hill . (Filtered Words: 1)
The charge was so farfetched that [FILTERED] paid little attention to it , and answered Pike in a rather bored way , wearily declaring that a `` new hand '' was pumping the bellows of the [FILTERED] organ , and concluding : `` In a controversy with an adversary so utterly destitute of moral principles , even a triumph would entitle the victor to no laurels . (Filtered Words: 2)
Ten minutes early . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then in 1937 America's International Council of Religious Education authorized a new revision , in the light of expanded knowledge of ancient manuscripts and languages . (Filtered Words: 0)
New Nations , and others struggling with the problems of development , will progress only -- regardless of any outside help -- if they demonstrate faith in their own destiny and use their own resources to fulfill it . (Filtered Words: 0)
How can the vicious circle be broken ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just go the hell on '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Newfoundland sat solemnly beside a doghouse half his size . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deal furniture with a mahogany finish was neatly arranged as if it stood in the window of a department store . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , he concluded that `` geographical conditions have exercised a great , possibly a preponderating , influence over man's destiny '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was dozing , perhaps the only sleep he'd gotten . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one point in the game when the skinny old man in suspenders who was acting as umpire got in the way of a thrown ball and took it painfully in the kidneys , he lay there unattended while players and spectators wrangled over whether the ball was `` dead '' or the base runners were free to score . (Filtered Words: 0)
She couldn't cook or clean or make him comfortable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turning on the hi-fi , he went back to the cockpit , stretched out on the cushions and listened to the music . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Barker index is published for the Barker Index Committee by W. Heffer & Sons , Ltd. , 4 [FILTERED] , Cambridge , England . (Filtered Words: 1)
She is the most beautiful thing you ever laid eyes on , and her dancing has a feminine suavity , lightness , sparkle , and refinement which are simply incomparable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The largest hurdle the Republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race , one of two alternative courses must be taken : 1 (Filtered Words: 0)
And the other people there were listening ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Deck Cadet [FILTERED] and Seaman [FILTERED] had been the first to leave . (Filtered Words: 2)
Perhaps under the guidance of this Nazi principle one could , as Eichmann declared , feel personally friendly toward the Jews and still be their murderer . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the local callers , a retired brigadier apparently left over from Kipling's tales of India , does not approve of the way Larkin gets his birds . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] groaned , but he lifted [FILTERED]'s suitcase and said , in a gentler tone , `` Sure -- the entire thousand . (Filtered Words: 2)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , whose work has been discussed in this chapter , was quoted in a New Yorker Magazine profile as saying : `` Of course , you have to remember it's a good thing for us chartists that there aren't more of us . (Filtered Words: 1)
Was I supposed to buy a funny hat and a rattle for [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
I also had and have feelings about [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is presumed that this negative head was associated with some geometric factor of the assembly , since different readings were obtained with the same fluid and the only apparent difference was the assembly and disassembly of the apparatus . (Filtered Words: 0)
First bride like that I've seen in twenty-five years '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She scrutinized him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Senator was shocked by stoppages over allegedly trivial disputes that delayed our missile program . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , the marked susceptibility of the monkey to respiratory infection might be related to its delicate , long alveolar ducts and short , large bronchioles situated within a parenchyma entirely lacking in protective supportive tissue barriers such as those found in types 1 , and 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hansen will engage in his first workout at Miami Stadium prior to the opening tomorrow night of a two-game weekend series with the New York Yankees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now suppose that we also have Af where D' is diagonalizable , N' is nilpotent , and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bullets began to snap past him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The equation is used for the mathematical process of solving the problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
In town after town my companion pointed out the Negro school and the White school , and in every instance the former made a better appearance ( it was newer , for one thing ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is in Madame Tussard's Waxworks in London , a princess of the Kiowa tribe and an honorary colonel in many states . (Filtered Words: 0)
In my day the first requirement for a cop was to look like the law , big and tough . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wanted to know . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and a very black colored boy from Detroit had killed or put out of action ten guerrillas by grenades and hand-to-hand fighting . (Filtered Words: 1)
( Each State's unadjusted allotment for any fiscal year , which exceeds its minimum allotment described in item 13 below by a percentage greater than one and one-half times the percentage by which the sum being allotted exceeds $23,000,000 , must be reduced by the amount of the excess . (Filtered Words: 0)
The surgeon carried a cage of live pigeons . (Filtered Words: 0)
We believe that the list of vital things left undone to date by the Eighty-seventh Congress should have included repeal by the Senate of the Connally amendment . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think I have a way so we can carry on without his suspecting us '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The word that is not used can be as important as the word that is used ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine's eyes opened , squeezed shut , then opened squinted in the glare . (Filtered Words: 0)
As mass dealer and distributor organizations grow in size , there is every reason to expect them to try to share in the manufacturer's as well as the distributor's profits -- which is , in effect , what the sale of private brands tends to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
But there's one thing I never seen or heard of , one thing I just don't think there is , and that's a sportin' way o' killin' a man '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The best antidote for the bitterness and disappointment that poisoned him was hard work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wing Commanders in the RAF do not imply survival in the future either in their orders or in their attitudes , to their men or to themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
She set down her suitcase . (Filtered Words: 0)
Warren tried to shake off the jumble of his fears by looking at the sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the event that agreement is not reached on the use of the rupees for grant or loan purposes within six years from the date of this Agreement , the Government of the United States of America may use the local currency for any purposes authorized by Section 104 of the Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any event , it is an irreversible step , and if we are at all honest with ourselves , we will know we have no other alternative than to live in the world in which God has seen fit to place us . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh how they bounced ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Then they went down to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But it's such a long shot '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why pick me for your patsy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps that was the first thing to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are several sources of evidence on the micrometeorite environment . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I feel fine ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly external forces should not be applied arbitrarily out of mere power available to do so . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
there are other wild bees that command our attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ninety per cent of the 153 recorded impacts occurred between midnight and noon , and from day to day the variation of the rate was as much as an order of magnitude . (Filtered Words: 0)
She paused . (Filtered Words: 0)
As [FILTERED] came swiftly down the stairs to the hall she saw Colonel [FILTERED] framed in the doorway , his face set in the same vulnerable look Juanita wore . (Filtered Words: 2)
But one major fact seems undeniable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even a hasty reader will easily find in it numerous blind spots , errors of fact and argument , important exclusions , areas of ignorance and prejudice , undue emphases on trivia , examples of broad positions supported by flimsy evidence , and the like . (Filtered Words: 0)
And once medicine , food , clothing and shelter had been provided for the flood's victims , communications and the mail were the next top problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
The private detective ( at least in the minds of listeners and readers all over the country ) is an individual hero fighting injustice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perier finally , in one last bid in 1730 , cut the price of goods to an advance of 40 per cent above the cost in France . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aren't you happy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm ruddy lazy , and I'm getting on in years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five of the papers deal with grammatical problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
Typical touch : She sold a $10,000 morning light mink to Sportsman Freddie Wacker for his frau , [FILTERED] , also an ex-singer . (Filtered Words: 1)
As the field on which my tent was pitched was a favorite natural playground for the kids of the neighborhood , I had made many friends among them , taking part in their after-school games and trying desperately to translate Grimm's Fairy Tales into an understandable French as we gathered around the fire in front of the tent . (Filtered Words: 0)
My grandfather had been stoned because of his editorials . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gibby asked , not bothering to whisper . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are three principal feed bunk types for dairy and beef cattle : ( 1 ) Fence-line bunks -- cattle eat from one side while feed is put in from the opposite side of the fence by self-unloading wagons ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This and raw sugar replace ordinary refined sugar on the tables and very little sugar is used in cooking . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a rapidly changing society congregations will run into difficulties repeatedly , since such nice balances of economic integration are hard to sustain in the metropolis for more than a single generation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now we have stood up to the Communists ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
However , in all of Prokofieff's music , young or mature , we find his profile -- his `` signature '' -- his craftsman's attitude . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sang Edgardo in glorious voice . (Filtered Words: 1)
He served as president of the Continental Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now big forces buffet food . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the answer to what was that noise ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Poultry (Filtered Words: 0)
One matter of concern to the complete effectiveness of pool operations is the lack of adequate central garage facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eager as he was to pursue this promising line , he was so loaded down with the management of the pharmacy and lectures in the medical and pharmaceutical faculties at the university that he could devote only Sunday afternoons to `` galvanizing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other words , no merely male creature can resist that corps de ballet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even more complex and obviously cortically induced forms of emotional arousal could be elicited in monkey A on seeing monkey B ( but not a rabbit ) in emotional stress . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
A brood of twenty-eight born at Brookfield Zoo , near Chicago , ranged in length from 22 to 33-1/2 inches and averaged 29 inches . (Filtered Words: 0)
A strong temperance advocate , through the influence of a favorite teacher , [FILTERED] , another [FILTERED] convert , he devoted himself to the anti-slavery cause . (Filtered Words: 2)
Rural Free , (Filtered Words: 0)
The entrance of the Stadtisches Gesangverein ( Bonn's civic chorus ) was worth all the waiting , however , as the young Rhenish voices finally brought the music to life . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is borne out also by the absence of any developed theory about how sin passes from one generation to the next . (Filtered Words: 0)
Improvements (Filtered Words: 0)
The qualifications to vote were kept very simple . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the first time , he be sad about the move . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is becoming harder and harder to tell law courts and political arenas from the modern theatre '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It caused [FILTERED] to sound a blast in his Louisville Courier-Journal : (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yes '' , she said , almost in a whisper , as if admitting to a crime . (Filtered Words: 0)
Philadelphia permitted him to seek a better connection after he had refused to reconsider his decision to end his career as a player . (Filtered Words: 0)
We started at 9 a.m. to visit the Kyoto University where Mr. [FILTERED] is attending . (Filtered Words: 1)
It's the same with [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The primary consideration in the compilation of this list was convenience in discussing the questionnaire with company officers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other considerations . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s reforms ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
This season the orchestra has already taken a step toward the suburbs in that it is giving six subscription concerts for the Orchestral Society of Westchester in the County Center in White Plains . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two men were on duty inside , playing pinochle , relaxed . (Filtered Words: 0)
and core - Negro marriages are proscribed for core members '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it did not matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was giving the parked cars the once-over . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cholesterol level in the blood is influenced by the glands of the body . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1950 , Public Law 920 created Civil Defense ( different from Civilian-groups of World War 2 ) , a responsibility of the Government at all levels to help reduce loss of life and property in disaster , natural or manmade . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Standard deal , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It will occur to anyone that the teacher must have adequate education , a depth and breadth of knowledge far beyond the immediate necessities of his course plus complete dedication to his subject and to his students . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jaggers' iron control over her ( `` she would remove her hands from any dish she put before him , hesitatingly , as if she dreaded his calling her back ) '' ) rests on his having once got her acquitted of a murder charge by cleverly contriving her sleeves at the trial to conceal her strength and by passing off the lacerations on the backs of her hands as the scratches of brambles rather than of human fingernails . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She'll take every one of them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 , (Filtered Words: 0)
Voegelin has analyzed this experience in the case of the stable , healthy community . (Filtered Words: 0)
He gave me a ticket on the agency car and parked it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` U.S. pressure on Britain to foster war hysteria over the status of West Berlin has reached its apogee . (Filtered Words: 0)
washing -- (Filtered Words: 0)
A revolving fund (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
The Structural Clay Products Institute , Washington , D.C. , is working to develop brick and clay products suitable for shelter construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their two boys were `` well adjusted '' and , like their parents , always did the right thing at the right time and damn the consequences . (Filtered Words: 0)
bending , he touched her knee . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. John 29 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] heard the click of the distant receiver before he could open his mouth , and it took him no more than three seconds to make his decision . (Filtered Words: 1)
If `` [FILTERED] the Courtier '' is really to be taken as Swift , the following remark is obviously Steele's comment on Swift's change of parties and its effect on their friendship : `` I assure you , dear [FILTERED] , when I first found out such an Allay in you , as makes you of so malleable a Constitution , that you may be worked into any Form an Artificer pleases , I foresaw I should not enjoy your Favour much longer '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Guests will wear costumes typical of the Chisholm Trail Days . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But why pay her bills ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Future plans (Filtered Words: 0)
His patronage on this stretch was made up largely of San Franciscans -- regulars , most of them , and trenchermen like himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We ran into a guy at the Pagan Room who guarantees we can beat the wheel . (Filtered Words: 0)
the latter include the (Filtered Words: 0)
The theory behind this is , of course , fundamentalist in character . (Filtered Words: 0)
Resting sweetly in Jesus' control . (Filtered Words: 0)
Handsomest colt in all Kentucky . (Filtered Words: 0)
In general , any outcome we choose may be labeled `` success '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its truth is illustrated by the skill , sensitivity , and general expertise of the English professor with whom one attends the theatre . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oils , or liquid fats , from the seeds of flax and tung have long been the principal constituents of paints and varnishes for protecting and beautifying the surfaces of wood and metal . (Filtered Words: 0)
While I'm gone you get brown and fat as a pig , hear ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] noted the immaculate lawn and gardens : each blade of grass cropped , bright and firm ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
But what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We don't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She arrived late and as she entered the party , noted that gentlemen seemed to be in the majority ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But Fogg '' , they countered , `` we can't get over there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whenever he saw someone lying in the dirt , Ramey wondered what the person had been thinking and he would try out thoughts in his own mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
You should make any request for an extension early so that if it is refused , your return may still be on time . (Filtered Words: 0)
What do you expect to get tonight , anyway ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Forty other figures similar to 5 and 6 and the original data used in the construction of all figures and tables in this monograph have been included in the Appendix . (Filtered Words: 0)
His mind flicked through the mental pictures he had from the hours of Aircraft Identification . (Filtered Words: 0)
He will be succeeded by [FILTERED] of Gainesville , who has been an assistant more than three years . (Filtered Words: 1)
It will help to determine the attitude of the new members toward the Church . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strong hands move first ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The orchestra is far enough away from you that you miss the bow scrapes , valve clicks , and other noises incidental to playing . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Hymen , in fact , is the Greek word for membrane . (Filtered Words: 0)
They knew what they could do and it was often a little more than I thought they could do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sintered porous metals should be usable in principle . (Filtered Words: 0)
In some instances a different clinical disease picture may result from this route of exposure , making diagnosis difficult . (Filtered Words: 0)
As this tax base grows so then can your medium and low density residential areas grow . (Filtered Words: 0)
The teacher plunged the children into a new portion , this time in Hebrew , rapping the stick incessantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Likewise , [FILTERED] formulated the nebular hypothesis , according to which the solar system was evolved from a rotating mass of incandescent gas , nearly a half century before its scientific value was made plain by [FILTERED] in his Systeme Du Monde . (Filtered Words: 2)
The first time he was harnessed he stood like a gentle old mare ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Quite naturally , there is a greater availability of those models which are manufactured within a specific country . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lower number is always divided into the upper number : Af (Filtered Words: 0)
Got a heck of a buy on this , dirt cheap '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Chickasaws were the principal source of trouble in the Mobile district . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lubell offers his book as an explanation of why there was no clue . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , after all , a non-romantic work ( even with the big , juicy melody of the second movement ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They are held in control by force , but barely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he attacked the two officers again and was again restrained , Slate related . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ratio is thoroughly remarkable , because the lines are so long -- half again as long as those of Beowulf . (Filtered Words: 0)
By 800 social and cultural security had been achieved , at least on a simple plane ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Such treatments of the conjugates have usually been successful in eliminating nonspecific staining in several other systems ( Coons , 1958 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has been correctly pointed out by well-informed people in the industry that it is probably unrealistic to expect a continuation of the yearly growth of 15% or better that characterized the decade of the 1950's , and that our military markets may be entering upon a new phase in which procurement of multiple weapons systems will give way to concentration of still undeveloped areas of our defense capability . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has voted for aid to Communists and for the destruction of individual freedom ( public housing , foreign aid , etc. ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but I couldn't remember where we had met . (Filtered Words: 0)
She began to explain , `` There was this poet , in Italy '' He interrupted , `` Please don't judge all poets '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , their establishment made it unnecessary to begin publication of a contemplated Air Force medical bulletin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although she weighed only 108 pounds when she visited him , [FILTERED] permitted her to go on a 10-day fast in which she took nothing but water . (Filtered Words: 1)
Skorich began his new job auspiciously today . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parker and [FILTERED] wanted to substitute a work of art for the world . (Filtered Words: 1)
These will be available at cost from our Plans Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
So somebody else knew what would happen to her father's money if she died . (Filtered Words: 0)
she could be sure of that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Orlick slouches about the forge `` like Cain '' with `` his hands in his pockets '' , and when he shouts abuse at Mrs. [FILTERED] for objecting to his holiday , she claps her hands in a tantrum , beats them `` upon her bosom and upon her knees '' , and clenches them in her husband's hair . (Filtered Words: 1)
also , index words 93 through 96 may have been made unavailable for assignment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Materials : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We the people of the Confederate States , each state acting in its sovereign and independent character , in order to form a permanent federal government , establish justice , insure domestic tranquility , and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity -- invoking the favor and the guidance of Almighty God -- do ordain and establish this Constitution for the Confederate States of America '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another great danger is that the emerging middle class will feel itself increasingly alienated from the political leaders who still justify their dominance by reference to the struggle for independence or the early phase of nationalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's in [FILTERED]'s [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
The big factories which are relatively near the centers of our cities -- the rubber factories in Akron , Chrysler's Detroit plants , U.S. Steel's Pittsburgh works -- often began on these sites at a time when that was the edge of the city , yet close to transport ( river ) , storage ( piers ) and power ( river ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
These questions touch the root of confusion in the prosecution's case . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It makes sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
External national responsibility involves a burgeoning requirement that the leaders of the Western nations so guide their decisions as to further the viability of other friendly nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mission as co-optation (Filtered Words: 0)
How could it have been thirty years already , she wondered ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
only what [FILTERED] felt for her son . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus the lack of effective recognition of the responsibilities involved in caring for two babies showed signs of becoming a disabling problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
He released her and joined [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
At intervals an alumni directory is issued . (Filtered Words: 0)
the attitude adopted by realtors and their associations , either negative or positive , plays a large part in the public acceptance of such measures and the degree to which they may be effectively enforced . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the historian of literature need not confine his attention to biography or to stylistic questions of form , `` texture '' , or technique . (Filtered Words: 0)
yesterday morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place the locking bar in proper position and insert tappet 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Many minute hemorrhages in the lungs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It commanded a view over Manhattan and the harbor . (Filtered Words: 0)
To settle this slight , O'Banion went down to the La Salle Theatre in the Loop , where , he had learned , [FILTERED] was attending the opening of a musical comedy . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , at seventeen , learns his story and goes forth as a knight to uncover his origins . (Filtered Words: 1)
But when there is not freedom and opportunity to choose , men -- individual men -- must remain in status and society does not , cannot , progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cliche loses its talismanic virtue in the light of a little history . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alec glanced into the bathroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why not ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
a tension similar to the one now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fall foliage and flowers will decorate Los Angeles Country Club for the annual formal party Saturday evening . (Filtered Words: 0)
In western Europe and North America , where the level of economic development is higher , grains and other seed products furnish less than one-third of the food consumed . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it has turned out , however , the excessive enthusiasm in the first instance and the loss of hope in the second were both wrong responses . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so , he squirms with each play , remembering his youth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men helped them gather their belongings and escorted them to Raton along with three other families desiring to leave . (Filtered Words: 0)
But before she left her room she dug into her big moire bag , took out the envelope holding her marriage contract and the wax seal had been broken . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ontario's foliage is most vivid from about Sept. 23 to Oct. 10 , with both [FILTERED] ( 100 miles north of Toronto ) and [FILTERED] ( 125 miles northwest of Toronto ) holding color cavalcades starting Sept. 23 . (Filtered Words: 2)
and to live in harmony with nature '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A prepared statement released by the student group Friday stated that `` extensive research by COAHR into techniques and methods of theater integration in other cities indicated that the presence of picket lines and stand-ins before segregated theaters causes a drop in profits '' (Filtered Words: 0)
The mimetic character of the imaginative consciousness tends to express itself in the presentation of artistic forms and materials . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even if he angry , [FILTERED] wouldn't hurt a woman . (Filtered Words: 1)
As a Christian , I know I do not stand where [FILTERED] stands , but I do see much of what he sees . (Filtered Words: 1)
Despite extensive attempts to obtain highly pure reagents , serious difficulty was experienced in obtaining reproducible rates of reaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'd cut their mothers' belly open . (Filtered Words: 0)
Virginia and [FILTERED] talked to each other quietly now , as allies who are political rather than natural might in a war atmosphere . (Filtered Words: 1)
His sister and brother , [FILTERED] , 3 , and [FILTERED] , Jr. 22 months , were admitted to the hospital . (Filtered Words: 2)
He receives remuneration for his work . (Filtered Words: 0)
I been riding train for a ways now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he got ahead in business : on leave from his job to an important Washington assignment during the war ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He must rearrange matters so that two performers do not bump into each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Vice President said with a slight bluster , `` There isn't anyone who loves the President more than I do . (Filtered Words: 0)
IBM has a machine that can understand spoken words and talk back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make up your mind to pool your resources and get the most out of your remaining years of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Repeated polls have disclosed that most married couples are now using contraceptives in the practice of birth control . (Filtered Words: 0)
But for the technical fact , we have the artist's own testimony : (Filtered Words: 0)
He ran out into the downpour , sped across the yard and into the buggy room . (Filtered Words: 0)
the thump and whir of our new presses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negro population in the U.S. has increased 25 per cent while the white population was growing by 18 per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nonreactors had been separated into two groups on this assumption with the presumably `` secure '' nonreactors and `` secure '' reactors being used as the groups for comparative personality studies . (Filtered Words: 0)
And although these insights into the nature of art may be in themselves insufficient for a thoroughgoing philosophy of art , their peculiar authenticity in this day and age requires that they be taken seriously and gives promise that from their very substance , new and valid chapters in the philosophy of art may be written . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude had the cool ruthlessness to do whatever she made up her mind to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
He in turn told her she demanded too much . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a book review of `` The Soviet Cultural Offensive '' , he says , `` Long before the State Department organized its bureaucracy into an East-West Contacts Staff in order to wage a cultural counter-offensive within Soviet borders , the sharp cutting-edge of American culture had carved its mark across the Russian steppes , as when the enterprising promoters of ' Porgy And Bess ' overrode the State Department to carry the contemporary ' cultural warfare ' behind the enemy lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Love and hatred and fear were one here , shaded only by fig trees and grape vines . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't worry , I can get plenty more '' , Eugenia said , wondering where in the world she could . (Filtered Words: 0)
They're just something you're supposed to put on cereal for breakfast '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mayor [FILTERED] filed suit for divorce from his wife , [FILTERED] , in Fulton Superior Court Friday . (Filtered Words: 2)
There was further elimination of all companies that were not accompanied by the name of a responsible company executive . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could even recall the last time he sat there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then three consecutive pinch-hitters failed to produce . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even before the benches had dried , the Civil War veterans were straggling back to their places . (Filtered Words: 0)
D. D. will pop up with U-I Chief Milt Rackmil at the Carnegie theater tomorrow to toast 300 movie exhibitors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gun would fire or not , just as chance willed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact it has caused us to give serious thought to moving our residence south , because it is not easy for the most objective Southerner to sit calmly by when his host is telling a roomful of people that the only way to deal with Southerners who oppose integration is to send in troops and shoot the bastards down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Measuring armhole (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of motels , for the boatman there are marinas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Incidentally , 14th Street and the Expressway is the high accident intersection during daylight hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
she fits into the general scheme well enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
But one should not ask for everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
Displaying his knowledge of music , the New England-born President remarked that `` probably the best chamber music in the world is played in Vermont , by young Americans -- and here in this school where they have produced extraordinary musicians and teachers , and their work is being duplicated all across the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taurog , Potter , Tong , and Chaikoff , 1956 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor has the training been enough in relation to the need . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , during any given year ( A ) if the revenues from the residential service are $7,000,000 , ( B ) if the operating expenses imputed to this class of service come to $5,000,000 , and ( C ) if the net investment in ( or value of ) the plant and equipment deemed devoted to this service amounts to $30,000,000 , the cost analyst will report that residential service , in the aggregate , has yielded a return of $2,000,000 or 6-2/3 per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine blinked , soon dropping his hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is our health -- more precious than all the money in the world -- that these modern witch doctors with their fake therapeutic gadgets are gambling away . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not now '' , Wilson said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rathbone said he was bleeding to death . (Filtered Words: 0)
and each stood out conspicuously in the family picture . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not with the memory of her folks and the lost [FILTERED] still holding her close . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You don't believe that autistic children become autistic because of something that happens to them or because of the way their mother treats them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt certain for the first time in his teaching experience that the men in the class understood that orgasm , as a criterion , is not nearly so essential for a satisfying female sexual experience as most males might think . (Filtered Words: 0)
A final word . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] was rejected again `` on the basis of his record and interview '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] ( 1811-1884 ) , from a prominent Massachusetts family , in his teens was converted under the preaching of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
He had not meant to shout . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll be there , but I'll walk '' , Doc said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor were there any rules to save him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am a sophomore at Mount Pleasant High School . (Filtered Words: 0)
they can also be applied to opaque panels for use on cutouts , or they can be applied directly to painted bulletin faces . (Filtered Words: 0)
I made them show me their identification before I could be persuaded not to call on Felice Perrin '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Smilin' [FILTERED] '' was the sobriquet Washington gave him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Coolidges' life , after the death of their son , was quieter than ever . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pope Pius 12 , declared in 1951 that it is possible to be exempt from the normal obligation of parenthood for a long time and even for the whole duration of married life , if there are serious reasons , such as those often mentioned in the so-called medical , eugenic , economic and social `` indications '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her hum became a gurgle of surprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
These can be referred to as operational intelligence and environmental intelligence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
The closest scrutiny is owed to the Anglo-Saxon kennings and the Homeric epithets ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( [FILTERED] ) 2:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Six Bucs over . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next week , cousin Red wandered in as casually , but curt and untidy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a lot quicker and easier to dimension the kitchen to fit the cabinets and erect the end wall after they are all in place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Construction follows a thorough study of the drawings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately , the man and woman were not made to appear very interesting at the outset and the menacing figures failed to make them any more so . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , Ekstrohm said , `` No , I didn't know that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Halfway up the staircase she stopped and sat down . (Filtered Words: 0)
The interior designer , then , must first be an artist but also understand carpentry and painting and lighting and plumbing and finance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost as if I were talking about something quite unreal . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are few data on the boa constrictor , those for the anaconda are unconvincing , and there is nothing at all on the amethystine python . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or a Protestant , or one of those amusing dogmatic atheists , or a strict orthodox Communist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why don't [FILTERED] mind his own fucken business ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The only trouble was that he himself was tied up on the school job . (Filtered Words: 0)
More aerial and underground equipment was installed as well as office improvements to take care of the expanding business . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a composer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon completion of the purging step , additional initiator appropriate for the molecular weight of the sample desired is added , and the system is then warmed to the polymerization temperature , at which the reaction is allowed to go to completion . (Filtered Words: 0)
An area may be too small for the needs of the project . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theater (Filtered Words: 0)
and , as in the March home , any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is for this reason that [FILTERED] avoids selecting subjects that require specific recognition of place for their enjoyment . (Filtered Words: 1)
She finds married life stifling and every prolonged sex relationship unbearably monotonous . (Filtered Words: 0)
But all the reports of this first embassy show that the two Savoyards were the heads of it , for they were the only ones who were empowered to swear for the king that he would abide by the pope's decision and who were allowed to appoint deputies in the event that one was unavoidably absent . (Filtered Words: 0)
These machines are designed to provide higher operating speeds , larger yarn packages , and greater flexibility of application to different types of yarn . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wasn't so sure about the boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can wait , of course , until you arrive in Europe before renting your car . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are presumed to have plunged to a common grave in this fatal embrace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] writes , for example , that `` in terms of probability it is surely as likely as not that mutual fear will lead to accidental war in the near future if the present situation continues . (Filtered Words: 1)
He called her `` the Mare '' much as Mrs. [FILTERED] spoke of `` the Queen , God bless her '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
You can have your choice of a seven-shot repeater , the 340TR ( about $40 ) or a single-shot , the 320TR ( $10 less ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
He worked for two hours a day with each model sent by the rabbi . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're a sweetheart -- but leave one line open . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the age of ten , when he was working as a newsboy in the Loop , he was knocked down by a streetcar which resulted in his permanently shortened leg . (Filtered Words: 0)
He reached down and closed his fingers on the man's upper arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] wore a maroon smoking jacket , and his myopic eyes were blurry and glistened behind thick octagonal lenses . (Filtered Words: 1)
I couldn't feel at home among them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other awards for Juniors (Filtered Words: 0)
It consists in saying , ' That would be sending the goat to look after the cabbage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Position these using six intermediate temporary Af spacers and locate the upper 12'' '' bar `` A '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , will it serve the long-range public interest ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But that indictment was never made . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , if anything , worse on the old player (Filtered Words: 0)
Hotel attendants pulled parked bicycles into the lobby . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet the idyll ended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Young [FILTERED] held out his hand . (Filtered Words: 1)
New York (Filtered Words: 0)
Many people use wicker cradles for old red wine , lifting the bottle carefully from the bin into the cradle and eventually to the table , without disturbing the sediment . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had been pretty scared himself , wondering what the hell was coming off . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , [FILTERED] knew he wasn't the old-grad-type . (Filtered Words: 1)
The action of the Commission in allowing or denying any claim under this title shall be final and conclusive on all questions of law and fact and not subject to review by the Secretary of State or any other official , department , agency , or establishment of the United States or by any court by mandamus or otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
You fell down in front of the house , and I carried you in . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Felix Grubb '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing in the Act shall be construed to alter existing law with respect to the ownership and control of water . (Filtered Words: 0)
( I ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Key '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The request for lower rates originated with the Southern railway , which has spent a good deal of time and money developing a 100-ton hopper car with which it says it can move grain at about half what it costs in the conventional , smaller car . (Filtered Words: 0)
The slit breeches had to go . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the finest of artists' oils comes from poppy seeds . (Filtered Words: 0)
A realty corporation in Louisiana owed no tax , under Federal law , on its gain from the sale of property disposed of in line with a plan of liquidation . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , additional research affiliations were effected with the U. S. Army Medical Research and Development Command to conduct research in procedures for quantitative electron microscopy , and for the study of biophysical and biological studies of the structure and function of ocular tissue . (Filtered Words: 0)
These will be drilled and tapped later on . (Filtered Words: 0)
How's it strike you , foul or fair '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She could not scream , for even if a sound could take shape within her parched mouth , who would hear , who would listen ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not stop to analyze . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the rest of the GOP gubernatorial aspirants don't worry him very much . (Filtered Words: 0)
But have the results been heartening ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Had they not gotten me to the hospital when they did , perhaps I would not be here to commend them at this time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , said the official . (Filtered Words: 0)
One effect of the proposal , which puts a premium on population instead of economic strength , as in the past , would be to take jobs from European nations and give more to such countries as India . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s low-class characters had but few counterparts in earlier Southern novels dealing with plantation life . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of course , there was another factor . (Filtered Words: 0)
His income is not required to be included in the return of his parent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The major defensive problems are concerned with the possibility of overt military delivery of biological agents from appropriate disseminating devices . (Filtered Words: 0)
for , using the fact that N and N' commute Af and so when R is sufficiently large every term in this expression for Af will be 0 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had been five days too late before he learned that she'd gone through the wedding ceremony in a semitrance of laudanum , administered by her mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only a dozen or so schools send as many as six students , and there are seldom more than fifteen men in any single delegation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the responsiveness of the hypothalamus to nociceptive stimulation is greatly increased under these conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
A hall opened in back of the bar , running toward an ell . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- be ashamed of yourself . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Whyn't ya say so , fellow travelers ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Loomis considers ranking a product of the evaluation process . (Filtered Words: 0)
For we have said , in effect , that of the two alternatives to his position variously represented by the other participants in the demythologizing discussion , only one is really an alternative . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sighting procedure includes the use of a fixture for the transit to project a beam of light , which is darkened by crossed hairs , on the accelerometer mirror . (Filtered Words: 0)
In contrast to `` E. B. '' , most Rhode Islanders hardly thought of [FILTERED] as being another Moses . (Filtered Words: 1)
Too much damage is done by `` experts '' who have spent even less time , if any at all , in the U.S.S.R. . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] careened backward , his back arched , fought for balance and , failing , stumbled against the newel post at the foot of the stairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Black strips of skin hung from it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rupee equivalent of $63.8 million , but not more than 5 percent of the currencies received under the Agreement will be used for loans to be made by the Export-Import Bank of Washington under Section 104 ( E ) of the Agricultural Trade Development and [FILTERED] , as amended ( hereinafter referred to as the Act ) , and for administrative expenses of the Export-Import Bank of Washington in India incident thereto . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yes , [FILTERED] , diagnosis : acute alcoholism . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , Sauternes or [FILTERED] should be very cold ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
In a time when poetic style , and poetic belief as well , seem in a state of continual flux , Hardy stands out as a poet of almost perverse consistency . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps the mere fact that by plucking on the nerves nature can awaken in the most ordinary of us , temporarily anyway , the sleeping poet , and in poets can discover their immortality , is the most remarkable of all the remarkable phenomena to which we can attest ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus Af denotes the state of the feed to the R-stage process , and Af the state of the product from the last stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
the program resulted in a cutback of around 20% in planted acreage and , as a result , reduced the immediate need for machines . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] was busy most of the time courting this girl and that . (Filtered Words: 1)
And so , after a flight southeast to Savannakhet , we found ourselves bouncing along in a Jeep right behind the Land-Rover of Prince Boun Oum of Champassak , a tall man of Churchillian mien in a bush jacket and a ten-gallon hat from Texas . (Filtered Words: 0)
And unsheathing the knife she used for curing hides she stepped away from the lodge , holding the knife at her side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sheep (Filtered Words: 0)
Matsuo jumped when the hidden arm flopped out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan filled the dipper from the water bucket on the shelf , went back into the front room , lifted the girl's head , and held the edge of the dipper to her mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
It was nevertheless almost incredible that four years after Yalta there should be a complete split over Germany , with hot heads on both sides planning to use the Germans against their former allies , and with Nazi-minded Germans expecting to recover their power by fighting on one side or the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are also corresponding members and outside advisory groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything's on the table '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He then said something which struck a chord in my memory . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a clear night and it was raining ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Anger and fear fused in John . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gun held his breath a moment , pushing the volume and pitch of his voice down under the trapdoor in his throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] Quartet ( Angel ) and [FILTERED] ( RCA Victor ) editions give us superlative string playing ( both in symphonic style ) crippled by unimaginative piano playing . (Filtered Words: 2)
Seats on square (Filtered Words: 0)
It has not been extirpated by ten years of Communist depersonalization . (Filtered Words: 0)
As represented by a spiral , history may , in some sense , be said to repeat itself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In a broad sense , it would reaffirm the Monroe Doctrine by opposing Communist interference in the Western Hemisphere . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have noted how some electronic techniques , developed for the defense effort , have evenutally been used in commerce and industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would lay in wait in the garage , and when the terrier came scratching around , he'd let fly with a cherry bomb . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some predictions had been made concerning factors R , N , I and Co on these inventories which appeared to be directly related to control and security aspects of personality functioning which were hypothesized as being of importance in differential Kohnstamm reactivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe her ravenous eating wasn't grotesque because she was so positive about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It crushed [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In other municipalities the difficulties in overcoming the financial burden have been sufficiently great to dishearten proponents of fiscal year changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He raised them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The charges would be made in The [FILTERED] by an anonymous correspondent , and Pike would be so busy trying to track down the illusive character assassin that he would forget about harassing [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
no . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was no flaming liberal , yet the New Deal , the Fair Deal and the New Frontier needed him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will occur to anyone that the teacher must have adequate education , a depth and breadth of knowledge far beyond the immediate necessities of his course plus complete dedication to his subject and to his students . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twelve cities and towns in Rhode Island presently indicate some plans to establish a uniform and/or coordinated fiscal tax year calendar . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his stead is a milquetoast version known as `` the corporation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This may help explain a phenomenon described by a small-town Jewish boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The usually skiddy greens were moist and soft , so the golfers were able to strike their approach shots boldly at the flag-stick and putt firmly toward the hole without too much worry about the consequences . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although she appeared more subdued and defeated , [FILTERED] knew she was growing more dangerous . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yes , I thought you'd probably be up . (Filtered Words: 0)
The conduct in question was a speech . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He is aware he will not live for twenty-four hours if he betrays you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
While this is baking , saute mushrooms , fresh or canned , in butter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Increasing tempo of new product development . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because the food is selected with thought for its nutritional value , care for its origin , and prepared in a manner that retains the most nutrients , the food does taste good . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even Black's old crowbait began to snort , and from the house Black yelled , `` Jess ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Small violently jerked the weather-royal brace with full intention to carry away the mast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , in chronological order , Mr. [FILTERED] covers the primary campaigns , the conventions and the Presidential campaign itself . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus jazz is transmuted into something holy , the sacred road to integration of being . (Filtered Words: 0)
they will be faithful unto death . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of the features of the homes are the latest modern devices in American homes , but an interesting blend of cultures finds us using Japanese artfulness in our own Western architecture at the same time that the Japanese are adopting Western utility patterns . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] watched them go , still frowning absently and then dismissing the matter as he called for his check . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why not come down smartly in the world , in a chic fashion , with an Allstates-Zenith '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The washing process whereby soils are removed consists basically of applying mechanical action to loosen the dirt particles and dried matter in the presence of water which helps to float off the debris and acts , to some extent , as a dissolving and solvating agent . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw them in fleet images as they came rolling and now burst across the ridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have no right to criticize them , as they realize they would be sitting ducks in a nuclear war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Husbandry was bounded by snake-rail fences , and there were grazing cattle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instructions to relax , i.e. , to be `` spontaneous '' , and react immediately to whatever impulse they might have , was not sufficiently reassuring until some idea of the possibilities of normal reactions had been given . (Filtered Words: 0)
she did not care . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is a superb example , and [FILTERED] , , the conqueror of Denmark , hardly less so . (Filtered Words: 2)
In 1961 the first important legislative victory of the Kennedy Administration came when the principle of national responsibility for local economic distress won out over a `` state's-responsibility '' proposal -- provision was made for payment for unemployment relief by nation-wide taxation rather than by a levy only on those states afflicted with manpower surplus . (Filtered Words: 0)
2.2 the discrete deterministic process (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw them in fleet images as they came rolling and now burst across the ridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Catholic seminarians attend tutorials and row on the Cherwell with non-Catholic students . (Filtered Words: 0)
Respondents' opinions regarding advertised bidding ( Part E of the questionnaire ) 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There would , however , be a variety of other skills -- medical , agricultural , engineering -- which would be called for in the first year through the private agency programs and through the provision of technician helpers to existing development projects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because God is what He is , the laws of the universe , material and spiritual , are what they are . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you measure its relation to reduced absenteeism , turnover , accidents , and grievances , and to improved quality and output ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Or against her back , pressed on the column of vertebrae , which held her so magnificently straight and unyielding , until the segments of bone made tiny sharp cracking noises , like the snapped stem of a tulip . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] made up the amount in indifferent silence . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is the strongest act to hit the area in a long while -- a well integrated , fast moving outfit specializing in skits , vocals , comedy and instrumentals all of it distinctly displaying the pro touch . (Filtered Words: 0)
But of course behind his boldness he didn't feel bold at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cannot leave the farm to take work in another locality on short notice ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What was your answer '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Returning to the school crossing , the officer was informed by the Sisk boy that he recognized the driver , a neighbor , and had obtained the license number . (Filtered Words: 0)
a 3-by-6-ft. plastic sign weighs about 120 lb. , compared to 275-300 lb. for neon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blackman was to be in New York by February 2 , because they were sailing at 12:01 next morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he felt the side of his head , his fingers came away covered with blood . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clerk wagged his head toward the captain's office . (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind this reply , and its many variations , is the ever-present budget problem all libraries must face , from the largest to the smallest . (Filtered Words: 0)
In such a case , Form 1310 should be completed and attached to the return . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]'s muscular teammate , powers four home runs in a double-header , his performance merits awe . (Filtered Words: 2)
A full trial was ordered for : (Filtered Words: 0)
A parallel function for philosophy is the study of the relation between perceptions experientially received and conceptions logically formed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If I catch you one more time down here without stockings '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirty years ago , while the nation was wallowing in economic depression , the prevailing philosophy of government was to stand aside and allow `` natural forces '' to operate and cure the distress . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the soup tastes like dishwater , your employees won't blame the concessionaire . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dave . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was possessive in his manner and , though a slave , obviously was educated after a fashion and imitated the manners of his owners . (Filtered Words: 0)
The springs have an extension of 1 inch at Af tension . (Filtered Words: 0)
The words were hollow . (Filtered Words: 0)
A re-enactment of the Battle of Lexington , May 18th at Lexington , Missouri ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He enjoyed the killing . (Filtered Words: 0)
writes : Does a brace help in sciatica ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
large and eager audiences . (Filtered Words: 0)
He darkened under his heavy burn . (Filtered Words: 0)
That [FILTERED] philosophy of the social contract fathered the American Revolution with its Declaration of Independence , I believe , we generally accept . (Filtered Words: 1)
In these damp circumstances , he was an odds-on bet to develop pneumonia . (Filtered Words: 0)
One by one , these errors were discussed and one by one he rejected accepting them as errors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost immediately they began to sizzle . (Filtered Words: 0)
That would certainly be paradoxical . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How The Kooks Crumble '' features an amusingly accurate take-off on sneaky announcers who attempt to homogenize radio-TV commercials , and `` The Watchers Of The Night '' is a veritable waking nightmare . (Filtered Words: 0)
The various stress-temperature coefficients for constancy of volume and strain , constancy of pressure and strain , and constancy of pressure and length have been interrelated . (Filtered Words: 0)
But -- it happened , almost always , among the primitive and , usually , among the very young . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seigner is the dean of the company , the oldest actor in point of continuous service . (Filtered Words: 0)
My men have been here all afternoon , setting up for this thing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Telephone and telegraph (Filtered Words: 0)
that they perceive new internal and environmental situations as `` threatening '' until they are tested and proved otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] fell into the world of automobile promotion and got several accounts for Shoals and Clay . (Filtered Words: 2)
in the case of a partnership or corporation , the existence of which has been terminated and on behalf of which an award is made , payment shall be made , except as provided in paragraphs ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) , to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The viewers of the `` Deep Peep Show '' at 15th and M Streets NW have an added attraction -- the view of a fossilized cypress swamp . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't offer any advice , but I certainly did not want to go back to where the officer lay with his brains dashed out . (Filtered Words: 0)
This became a dance called Prelude To Flight . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This morning , we allowed a farmer $600 on the old picker he traded in on a new $2,700 model . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then there's always hobbies , collecting stamps , coins , timetables , salt and pepper shakers , elephants , dogs , dolls , shells , or shall we just say collecting anything your heart desires ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For this reason , too , their language is more forthright and earthy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have made limited application of the ' parallel ladder ' plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was very refreshing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` N-no '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the Japanese private he says : `` He fought and marched till he died . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The King should expect no profit , and an advance of only 20 per cent above the cost in France , which would cover the expense of transportation and handling , was all he charged the traders . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I'm going to have my son '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
The waves of a 1923 tsunami in Sagami Bay brought to the surface and battered to death huge numbers of fishes that normally live at a depth of 3,000 feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here was what was called the American dream , namely , the effort to build a structure which would be something new in history and to do so in such fashion that God could bless it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was sure of this . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether a concept analogous to the principle of internal responsibility operates in a nation's external relations is less obvious and more difficult to establish . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her students have spoken of the exacting standards of scholarship and of manners and conduct she expected and achieved from the students ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course he's in '' -- ) (Filtered Words: 0)
And there are some positive results , though the final findings will not be known for a long time -- and then further research can be formulated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The formation remained perfect . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he insisted that it be housed in a special museum . (Filtered Words: 0)
Terms range from one to five years and the interest rates and down payments run about the same as for automobiles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , well , you can't really blame Lolotte . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This harbor is a bomber's paradise '' , the Britisher had said with frank grimness . (Filtered Words: 0)
He will not be surprised to find that general principles produce conflicting results in the factual situation with which he is confronted . (Filtered Words: 0)
later he flees in panic from the family table just as his theft is about to be discovered and is blocked at the front door by a soldier who accusingly holds out a pair of handcuffs which he has brought to Gargery's forge for mending . (Filtered Words: 0)
The saline tubes were saved and used for the indirect Coombs test in the following manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
A good man departs . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
And why not ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Opening these he brought out a schnapps bottle and small gold thimble-sized glasses hidden inside it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The important thing from now on '' , he said , `` is not to mourn the past but to seize the future opportunity to prevent the loss in northern Viet Nam from leading to the extension of Communism throughout Southeast Asia '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a revision , he said , would ruin it , would change his whole conception of the play as well as the treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
She dreamed up the cookie recipe , tried it , liked it and entered it in the contest . (Filtered Words: 0)
The average reader of this magazine owns more than one gun ( we ran a survey to find out ) but he's always on the lookout for new and better arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pursuing his idea , he saw that it would be impossible to leave her now . (Filtered Words: 0)
And what had happened ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But this in turn means that decisions are not merely imposed from the top but that there be some actual mechanism of faculty participation . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were hideous scars inside the throat and the palate was mutilated . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , this artery is known to be a nutrient vessel with a distribution primarily to the proximal airways and supportive tissues of the lung . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was [FILTERED] , however , who produced the very first movie whose name has lived on through the half century of film history that has since ensued . (Filtered Words: 1)
Becket , by France's [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
everyone was very high on Rome that year . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Open market policy (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was tired beyond almost the limits of his flesh . (Filtered Words: 1)
Inside were all the things they thought she ought to know concerning the last illness , death , and burial of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Still [FILTERED] will do a reasonably good job , so that an animal with a full pollen load looks like a gay little piece of yellow down floating in the wind . (Filtered Words: 1)
The crisis was artificially stirred up by the Kremlin ( Wall Street ) and the Red Army ( Pentagon ) egged on by the West Germans ( East Germans ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the afternoon , defense attorneys began the presentation of their cases with opening statements , some of which had been deferred until after the government had called witnesses and presented its case . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's go , Marshal '' , [FILTERED] said , and took him by the arm . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had been sighted , and his attacker pumping shot after shot . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Jeep fought its way through the low spot and got onto higher ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
I told them some sweet lies and they believed it all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Autocollimator . (Filtered Words: 0)
rhythm-and-blues mood music ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was obsessed by disease and poverty , by the melancholy of old age and the tyranny of lust . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though far from completion , these studies indicated beyond a doubt that savings would result which would be of unprecedented benefit to the railroads concerned , their investors , their customers , their users , and to the public at large . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus not only taught forgiveness , He gave us an example of it on the cross . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That was a rotten thing to do '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and a policeman asserted he had found a pair of brass knuckles in Art's pocket once when he had occasion to collar the Great First Baseman for some forgotten reason . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could observe the two fans down at the end , but their size in themselves meant nothing to me as long as I had no measure of comparison . (Filtered Words: 0)
Large warehouses flanked the street on which the hall fronted . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
El Dorado was surrounded by a mob . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet rubbed his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
The curvature of this bluntness is , in the case of the Carboloy knife employed in the Hesiometer , determined by the grain sizes of the polished grit and the tungsten carbide crystals cemented together in the knife body and is in the order of 0.1 to 0.2 mil. . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine slumped forward into a bow like a priest before an idol . (Filtered Words: 0)
extend your feet forward and backward until you are in a deep leg split . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , Julie dear . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Prince took her with him on every tour around the area , and it was rumored he was utilizing her knowledge of Constantinople as part of his espionage network . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where the industry's product price has been kept below the `` profit-maximizing '' and `` entry-limiting '' prices due to fears of public reaction , the profit seeking producers have an interest in offering little real resistance to wage demands . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You are very brave '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I treated them fair '' (Filtered Words: 0)
By 1907 the number of undergraduates had risen to 1,107 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] says he was in his office all day with her yesterday . (Filtered Words: 1)
) Scientific systems , and this includes even the relation of mechanist to relativist physics , are built upon , refined and corrected . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of this pass , the table indicates which index words and electronic switches are not available for assignment to symbolic references . (Filtered Words: 0)
The phone had been disconnected but telegrams came for him and notes by special messenger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Discussion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Things are looking up these days for many of the State turnpikes on which investors depend for income from their toll-road bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each member would get one post for each 10,000,000 people in its population up to 150,000,000 people or a maximum of fifteen posts . (Filtered Words: 0)
This should not prejudice an evaluation of his findings , but they were not the findings of a completely impartial investigator . (Filtered Words: 0)
By this standard , it is determined that where two stations operating on the same frequency are involved , objectionable interference from station A exists at any point within the service area of station B where station A's signal is of an intensity one-twentieth or more of the strength of station B's signal at that point . (Filtered Words: 0)
A struggle that is being waged all over the world in the half-light of disinterest . (Filtered Words: 0)
The entrance and retention of infectious particles in the alveoli amounts almost to an intratissue inoculation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is mirrored by the individual [FILTERED] , whose ideas and behavior patterns are so dependent and relativistic that they always coincide with those of the individual or group present and most important at the moment . (Filtered Words: 1)
The expedition was under orders to make a swift survey of conditions and then to return to Earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
he is not an eccentric but rather an outcast . (Filtered Words: 0)
The highest position is known as a ' research scientist . (Filtered Words: 0)
It just didn't occur to Trig that anything serious would happen to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
As much as men intrinsically need the unity that is grounded in God , they instrumentally require the institutions that will direct their steps toward him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The experimental arrangement as described below is based on the geometry of free burning arcs . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you're a good ballplayer , you've got to get mad . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was so taken aback , he could not believe any rage of his would make her give in . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] began shouting , `` Wait , wait -- the camera's jammed '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
As an illustration of the principle of simplicity the heliocentric discovery has a peculiar appeal because it allows simplicity to be arithmetized ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The saline and albumin tests were performed as described for the ABO samples except that the mixture was incubated for 1 hr at 37-degrees-C before centrifugation . (Filtered Words: 0)
in the United States 300,000 succumbed to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , if you don't mind , I should like to hear my own piece performed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mary was as frozen below the navel as he . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this process the vaginal muscles come under better conscious control by the girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seven years they'd been married . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's here in my pocket '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is , there is , in the true sense , only a visual space '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sure , Ticonderoga went broke in the low-priced market bucking the Big Three . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was all he had to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
Against all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It aggravated him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It cost us a hundred thousand dollars and thirty days lost time to fix them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other special mailings by the Industrial Division included copies of speeches delivered at the Governor's Conference , letters and brochures to conferees at Med-Chemical Symposium at University of Rhode Island and letters and reprints of industrial advertisements to such organizations as Society of Industrial Realtors . (Filtered Words: 0)
But these countries have made big strides toward developing the necessary human and social overhead capital ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We want to study the probability function of this random variable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kansas City , Mo. , Feb. 9 ( UPI ) (Filtered Words: 0)
With this ultimate weapon , the two Yankees may have saved baseball from its dullest season . (Filtered Words: 0)
public money spent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They have a great advantage in ease of audit time and payment . (Filtered Words: 0)
And goaded the oxen as he yelled . (Filtered Words: 0)
this is a `` fade '' ending , and what you have here is a downtalking style of speech , expressing something less than conventional respect for mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
To proceed from one stage to the next a sufficient number of feed states must be investigated to allow for interpolation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who have never traveled the width and length of this land cannot conceive , on the basis of textbook description alone , the overwhelming space and variety of this country held together under one government . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's where he was when [FILTERED] found him '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Throughout these years , the statutory authorization was for such sums as were necessary to carry out the provisions of the Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part of his house had been moved to the other side of the road . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] to confide in and consult . (Filtered Words: 2)
One night on the Naktong River , [FILTERED] called on that fabled esprit de corps . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is a graduate of Portland University and the Northwestern College of Law . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wages of sin is death . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accepted crystallographic symbolism has been used ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Strength began to zip up and down his chest . (Filtered Words: 0)
And if by some wild chance [FILTERED] was the man , he wouldn't dare try anything now -- not after [FILTERED] had looked in on the two of them to see that all was well . (Filtered Words: 2)
Sir [FILTERED]. [FILTERED]. is gonne to [FILTERED] and from thence to Lond. as I heare , who verie well knoweth our estates and wil be willinge to do us ani good '' . (Filtered Words: 3)
Some of them were then covered with a drop of Af in a moist chamber at 24-degrees for 30 - 40 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
But strength and poignancy develop thenceforth , and the windmill and deathbed episodes gather the threads of realization of the wonderfulness of the old boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What about the bedroom '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] again went downtown to a different banker , an intelligent young white man who seemed rather sympathetic , but he shook his head . (Filtered Words: 1)
She thrust the envelope back in the bag ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I -- got fired yesterday for not attending to business '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
As the two cars roared by , there was a high-pitched eerie , nerve-shattering sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
One night , at the close of the evening service , he came forward , left his resentment at the altar and gave his heart to God . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a grunt , curiously inarticulate , like that of an animal in pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
But what few containers they found were inadequate . (Filtered Words: 0)
True , a Mason watercolor is unmistakably a synthesis of nature rather than a detailed inventory . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl cried . (Filtered Words: 0)
The formation remained perfect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mando , pleading her cause , must have said that Dr. [FILTERED] was the most distinguished physician in the United States of America , for our man poured out his symptoms and drew a madly waving line indicating the irregularity of his pulse . (Filtered Words: 1)
The bed isn't made , but you'll find plenty of blankets there '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
eleven others were introduced . (Filtered Words: 0)
They emerged as interchangeable cogs in a faulty but formidable machine : shaved nearly naked , hair queued , greatcoated , jackbooted , and best of all -- in the opinion of the British professional , Major [FILTERED] -- `` their minds are not estranged from the paths of obedience by those smatterings of knowledge which only serve to lead to insubordination and mutiny '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was ecstasy . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] in his English Field Systems and Zachrisson's Romans , Kelts And Saxons defended in part the Seebohm thesis while at the present time [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] seem to fall into the Celtic survivalist camp . (Filtered Words: 3)
and in warfare with any means , men commonly disagree over the justice of the cause . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And I sort o' got a corner on the market '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check the quality of the water . (Filtered Words: 0)
And that was not all . (Filtered Words: 0)
The simple mechanical strain of overweight , says New York's Dr. [FILTERED] , can overburden and damage the heart `` for much the same reason that a Chevrolet engine in a Cadillac body would wear out sooner than if it were in a body for which it was built '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had swished away , she had been gone for a long time probably when [FILTERED] suddenly realized that she ought to stop her , pour out the coffee , so no one would drink it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Chinese influence (Filtered Words: 0)
and ( 3 ) in so doing , frees itself to give appropriate emphasis to the event Jesus Christ by means of statements that , from Bultmann's point of view , are mythological . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a few days after [FILTERED]'s return he began hemorrhaging and that was the beginning of early and complete disintegration . (Filtered Words: 1)
On Felice Perrin . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was found the day after at the bottom of the cliff . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
This low BOD was due to removal of the excess suspended solids by sedimentation since the only dilution was surface runoff which was very low during this study . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stopped automatically at the street corners , waiting for the traffic lights to change , unheeding of other people , his coat open and flapping . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the final round at Pensacola , the luck of the draw paired Palmer and Player in the same threesome and , although it was far from obvious at the time , the gallery was treated to the first chapter of what promises to be one of the most exciting duels in sport for a long time to come . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get into your hovel '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
and by their demanding tend to create resources of men's minds and hearts which problems with easy answers do not bring forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
the bad late poems are bad Hardy . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
His grandfather is a Buddhist priest ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When Felix first opened the door on it , all these shades were tightly drawn and the whole studio was as dark as night . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was Papa's chosen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
B . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is true , nevertheless . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she suffered in her off-duty hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this changed world , Prokofieff settled to find himself , and to create for large national purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
that they perceive new internal and environmental situations as `` threatening '' until they are tested and proved otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Diane was needed as a material witness in the case and New York police searched three continents before they found her in their own back yard -- in a swank hotel , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found the key to the Jeep , got it started and warmed it up for five minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The police were disqualified along with certain categories of naturalized citizens , criminals and those punished for Protectorate activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was amazingly light , and so relaxed in his arms that he wasn't even sure she was conscious . (Filtered Words: 0)
when he went home at night , he took her with him in his mind , and she did the things the anonymous Woman used to do , and he did the thing afterwards each time as he used to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
morphological study and classification of leukemia and lymphoma cases in animals ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The bullet flung Gray Eyes from his horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the rebellion of these third generation Jews is not the traditional conflict of culture but , rather , a protest against a culture that they view as softly and insidiously enveloping . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw her hand start to work down the leather thong toward the handle of the quirt , and he grabbed her wrist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Methyl polysiloxanes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reason , says the Housing Center , is that the builders invited to the intentions conference `` are generally among the more successful businessmen , and usually do somewhat better than their fellow builders '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is , however , one curious discrepancy in this broad and flattering picture . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rocco Vecchio -- a perspiring , haggard Vecchio -- was standing there , flanked by two men in the uniforms of armored transport guards . (Filtered Words: 0)
All musical Paris was there . (Filtered Words: 0)
See , Communese is easy -- once you get onto it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Manchester then had two competing power companies until 1904 , when the Manchester Light and Power Company purchased the transmission system of the Vail Company . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cautioned that `` the greater danger in this recovery may be excessive stimulation by government which could bring moderate inflation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a long way to Websterville '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He had four children , two sets of twins . (Filtered Words: 0)
That , I smarted , is a royal rebuff if ever there was one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , her endearments and caresses in the carriage had been new and stirring experiences to the simple youth . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The last three volumes are again more dependent on the past , as Hardy's creative powers declined in his old age . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] paused for breath . (Filtered Words: 1)
So with all this experience , [FILTERED] was a natural choice to receive the first Emergency Air Mail Star Route contract . (Filtered Words: 1)
fruit does nicely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel had to bend toward [FILTERED] and ask him to repeat . (Filtered Words: 1)
Couldn't take them near a river , though , or they'd squawk like a turkey cock the day before Thanksgiving '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
particularly the scholarship fund . (Filtered Words: 0)
Secretary of the Treasury [FILTERED] owns a prize Monet , Femmes dans un [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` That's an idea . (Filtered Words: 0)
The South (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a formality , you know '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] paused for breath . (Filtered Words: 1)
A biographical sketch followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , during the Sixties our national economy is likely to grow at as fast a rate as in the Fifties and , in the process , to require enormous amounts of capital funds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each family line can be considered a substructure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Community property deal -- you know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately the number of pathological bigots appears to be quite small , but it would be a mistake to think that more than a matter of degree separates them from the rest of us . (Filtered Words: 0)
5.4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Section 7 is designed to arrest in its incipiency not only the substantial lessening of competition from the acquisition by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation , but also to arrest in their incipiency restraints or monopolies in a relevant market which , as a reasonable probability , appear at the time of suit likely to result from the acquisition by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was glad , completely and unselfishly glad , to see that things were working out the right way for both [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He looks as feminine as you can imagine '' , she decided . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conventional energy for processing foods is available in the range of at most a few cents per kwhr for electric power and the equivalent of a few mills per kwhr for process steam . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the members of our Advisory Board , and most specially to its members who constitute our committees of selection , the Foundation is indebted for its successes of choice of Fellows . (Filtered Words: 0)
and finally , the best part of all , simply sit at the plank table in the kitchen with a bottle of wine and the newspapers , reading the ads as well as the news , registering nothing on her mind but letting her soul suspend itself above all wishing and desire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Roberta and [FILTERED] began to back toward the door . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here the Architect , referring to the use of the Capitol as a public building , not a museum , requested some repainting to maintain decorative effect , rather than leaving blank , unsightly patches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Trim excess clay from around lip of mold and set aside while assembling lid . (Filtered Words: 0)
His air speed dropped until he thought he would spin out . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's got to stop . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , he's something of a scoundrel , an artist whose mind and feelings are all finger-tips . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the surfaces of both lungs there were emphysematous blebs measuring up to 3 cm. in diameter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Metrically , [FILTERED]'s verse was extremely conventional , as was , incidentally , the verse of that other tragic enrage , Hart Crane . (Filtered Words: 1)
they danced on the sand till your blood got hot and danced with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Robinson clambered heavily into the boat , sat down , and stripped off his triple-tank assembly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nature of the new birth (Filtered Words: 0)
Its form was a heavy figure in a fluttering soutane . (Filtered Words: 0)
Restudy what your men do , to help them waste less of the time you pay for (Filtered Words: 0)
It heard [FILTERED] twice and his lawyer , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , once . (Filtered Words: 3)
All nails should be rustproof , and aluminum is highly recommended . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's the truth '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The College also publishes each year The Report Of The Treasurer and a monthly newsletter entitled Carleton College Comments . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got a small fire started and put on bacon and coffee . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] fixed us each another drink , and said , `` For God's sake , tell me something truly amusing '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The final mailing of the questionnaire was made late in August , 1960 , to 4,900 firms consisting of 3,450 from the AIA list and 1,450 from the TR list . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tell her to hurry '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Revenue estimated (Filtered Words: 0)
He glanced down into his beard and muttered something in Yiddish . (Filtered Words: 0)
She also was the original GOP national committeewoman from New Jersey in the early 1920s following adoption of the women's suffrage amendment . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not completely virtuous , but completely incompetent '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyone fortunate enough to have one of those early phones advertised the fact along with the telephone number in the Manchester Journal . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has been said of John Stuart Mill that he wrote so clearly that he could be found out . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] managed to duck beneath the man's flailing fist , and drove home a solid left to Jess's mid-section . (Filtered Words: 1)
I almost didn't tell you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My name is [FILTERED] , missy . (Filtered Words: 1)
( `` It is always of sorrow to me when I find people who neither know nor understand music '' , he declared not long ago in proposing that White House prizes be awarded for music and art . (Filtered Words: 0)
As artists we feel the same obligation , as do other individuals , in considering ourselves responsible citizens of a great nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a fine and showy rider , but his skill was wasted on us . (Filtered Words: 0)
A mathematical formula is nothing more than a pattern for solving a specific problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Honor attendants for the couple were Miss [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Quick -- Quick -- now '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I do not accept that the choice is between capitulation and the certainty of nuclear war '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That would make him mad enough if he was sober . (Filtered Words: 0)
She screamed , and both women ran up to the house , and I followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty did not go back to school . (Filtered Words: 0)
At 3:57 a.m. , with the plane about twenty minutes out of El Paso , passenger [FILTERED] , a San Antonio advertising man , glanced up and saw the man and boy , accompanied by a stewardess , walking up the aisle toward the cockpit . (Filtered Words: 1)
But at long last came a time when I broke away from Mother and her society `` chi-chi '' in order to spend a cosy evening with [FILTERED] and her chaperon at her home . (Filtered Words: 1)
it was not to be resumed . (Filtered Words: 0)
My men , they all left me . (Filtered Words: 0)
How many women had longed for the privilege that was hers . (Filtered Words: 0)
But his rancor did not cease , and presently , on March 13 , when he preached a sermon on the text , `` And Ben-hadad Was Drunk '' , he told his congregation how disappointed he was in Mr. [FILTERED] , how he regretted having had him in his house , and how he should have been warned by the fact that the novelist was drunk all the time that he was working on the book . (Filtered Words: 1)
This breaks his heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
but if drinking is a gerundial noun modifying water and without drinking water is equivalent to without water for drinking , there will be stronger stress on drinking than on water . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , you say , those are beautiful words all right , but it was easy for the psalmist to sing them in his day . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're Gavin's son '' , [FILTERED] had said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Their work mirrors the mentality of the psychopath , rootless and irresponsible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Center panel , hand-screened wood , actually is a back of one of the tall bookcases . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they were ready to leave , [FILTERED] and Ramey walked back around the rear of the trailer . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] '' -- (Filtered Words: 1)
The teacher plunged the children into a new portion , this time in Hebrew , rapping the stick incessantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five years ago a House & Home Round Table cosponsored by the Lumber Dealers' Research Council reported unhappily : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , despite his happiness , wept a little at the strange fate of B'dikkat . (Filtered Words: 1)
Certainly , one of the best ways of warning the world against anti-Semitism is to demonstrate its workings as a dangerous weapon . (Filtered Words: 0)
My spoon stirring coffee , banging against the side of the cup , sounded as loud as a bell . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew the house like a blind man , through his fingers , and he did not like to think of all the time and rags and polishes he had spent on keeping it up . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can imagine what it would look like going out on the turnpike with the peas banked up against the houses and covering the cars ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Design of the questionnaire (Filtered Words: 0)
and to making the owning of a boat simpler . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like a mischievous boy expecting punishment , Matsuo awaited reaction from the jungle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such associations suit well with the gothic or mystery-story aspects of [FILTERED]' novel , but , on a deeper plane , they relate to the themes of sin , guilt , and pursuit that have recently been analyzed by other critics . (Filtered Words: 1)
He loses now-misplaced tax collection duties , which go to the Finance Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wrote : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly , she wouldn't dare ask her father afterward . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prior to the featured race , the stewards announced that apprentice [FILTERED] is suspended ten days for crowding horses and crossing the field sharply in two races on Wednesday . (Filtered Words: 1)
The wind from the [FILTERED] was damp and chill , necessitating a fire for warmth . (Filtered Words: 1)
He'll still be a top player , they concede , because he's got a great glove and the long ball going for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Kansas City and the Topeka KCs are arranging that Juniors who win at their shows will be qualified to win points for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Faget appointment was preposterous on several grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Riverside physician came down to look over the injured ballplayer . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , in departing , [FILTERED] begged [FILTERED] that there be no liquor in the apartment at the Grosvenor on his return , and he took with him the first thirty galleys of Elmer Gantry . (Filtered Words: 2)
Quint closed the screen door quietly so Maggie wouldn't be scared . (Filtered Words: 0)
She felt as if some dark , totally unfamiliar shape would clutch at her arm ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And also , the money can't mean as much to Bobbie . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had been in the green room . (Filtered Words: 1)
I had been among the top third in my class at N.Y.U. , had wanted desperately to go to medical school , but I'd run out of money and energy at the same time . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the assignment pass of Phase 3 , , index words and electronic switches are reserved as they are encountered during assignment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Francesca and [FILTERED] were habitual committee chairmen and they usually managed to be elected co-chairmen , equal bosses , of whatever PTA or civic project was being launched . (Filtered Words: 1)
The unstructured schools were in a large suburban community , predominantly middle- to upper-middle class , but fringed by an industrial area . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shotgun-type rubber recoil pads are standard on all of the [FILTERED] except the (Filtered Words: 1)
It is almost axiomatic that golfers who dominate the game of golf for any period of time attack their shots with a vehemence bordering on violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who shall separate us from the love of Christ ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Other methods will be described below . (Filtered Words: 0)
Published annually by [FILTERED] , the 1962 edition , subtitled Society Register of Southern California , is scheduled to arrive with Monday morning's postman . (Filtered Words: 1)
Locked . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dolce Vita get-together boasted a strip tease ( carried as far as a black slip ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The individual with high anxiety in the structured classroom may approach the learning task with the same increased energy and lowered powers of discrimination . (Filtered Words: 0)
I went through and down , into pitch darkness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Big Band Percussion ( SP-44002 ) seemed one of the least attractive discs -- the arrangements just didn't have so much character as the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
While my memory holds with relentless tenacity , as I cannot too often stress , to my wrongs , when it comes to my shames , it gestures and jokes and toys with chronology like a prestidigitator in the hope of distracting me from them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would a blue feather in a man's hat make him happy all day ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If you tell him I made a pass at you he might think you misunderstood something I said or did , so instead of just telling him I made a pass , say I tried to date you and that you agreed so you could prove to him what a louse I really am . (Filtered Words: 0)
His expenses ran another four or five thousand . (Filtered Words: 0)
He strolled back to the door , whistling softly , hands still clasped behind him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even if the self portrait we distribute for popular consumption were accurate it would be dangerous to present it as a picture of the ideal society . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Yesterday ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In association with these changes in the fibers , there were striking alterations in the muscle nuclei . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you want to see '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
She did this now , comfortably aware of the mist running down the windows , of the silence outside , of the dark afternoon it was getting to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the small group will be the junior and senior Mrs. [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
His bill , allegedly aimed at [FILTERED] , would amend the [FILTERED] , Clayton and Norris-LaGuardia acts to authorize the issuance of federal injunctions in any transportation strike and would make it illegal for any union to act in concert with any other union -- even a sister local in the same international . (Filtered Words: 2)
There should be better bus service and all of our city departments and their various branches need a general and complete overhauling . (Filtered Words: 0)
An amendment , presumably designed to deal with the problems of newly freed slaves , became a `` laissez-faire '' limitation upon state economic policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The best effects come from a combination of temperate climate and plenty of late-summer rain , followed by sunny days and cool nights . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter how well work is planned , bad weather or unexpected setbacks can cause extra work that must be caught up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contrary to these expectations we have found it impossible to obtain the degree of reproducibility one would wish , even with extensive efforts to prepare especially pure reagents . (Filtered Words: 0)
The operator must continually supply the correct amount of turning current to the gyro torquers so that the effect of gyro drift is canceled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oersted's boyhood represented a minimal chance of either attaining greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
A faculty committee on athletics , responsible to the faculty as a whole , exercises control over the athletic program of the College . (Filtered Words: 0)
That evening turned out to be hell like all the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negro radio is vitally necessary during the process of assimilation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do it this way for the summer gargle : (Filtered Words: 0)
Many years have passed since a Metropolitan audience heard anything comparable . (Filtered Words: 0)
A thick , crimson carpet muffled every footfall . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] only nodded . (Filtered Words: 1)
Military organizations . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has shown considerable ingenuity in adapting his earliest symbols and devices to the new work , and the fact that he has kept a body of constant symbols through all of his experiments gives an unexpected continuity to his poetry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do patriots everywhere know enough about how the persecution of the Jews in Germany and later in the occupied countries contributed to terrorizing the populations , splitting apart individuals and groups , arousing the meanest and most dishonest impulses , pulverizing trust and personal dignity , and finally forcing people to follow their masters into the abyss by making them partners in unspeakable crimes ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I wanted to grab her by the arm and beg her to wait , to consider , to know for certain because life is so long and marriage is so important . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He'll be out of action all this week . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second edition should have greater uniformity . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this is not the real problem ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , dear ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
corporations now outmoded (Filtered Words: 0)
freeways boost valuation less ( because the garages they require are not prime buildings by a long shot ) , and reduce the acreage that can be taxed . (Filtered Words: 0)
All such imitations of negative quality have given rise to a compensatory response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic humanism : if man can neither know nor love reality as it is , he can at least invent an artistic `` reality '' which is its own world and which can speak to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being loved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deegan dropped , got up , turned and , holding the bat with both hands up against his chest , began to walk slowly out to the mound . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without careful qualification this can be misleading . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fragmented Society (Filtered Words: 0)
The thing that impressed one of the visitors the most was the Gallery's rotunda fountain `` because it's on the second floor '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] watched this with hunted eyes , his desperate hope waning by the moment . (Filtered Words: 1)
Find out something . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] understood . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus it follows that the secants of **zg are all invariant . (Filtered Words: 0)
She didn't mind working hard , not as if she figured to do anything wrong to live easy and soft -- all she wanted was a chance , where she wasn't marked as what she was . (Filtered Words: 0)
