During this dark chapter in State Department history , men who had offered foreign-policy ideas later proven wrong by events filled the tumbrels sent up to Capitol Hill . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , `` Now the key to the lockup , Marshal '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
An electrostatic system suffers generally from image plane curvature leading to defocusing in the peripheral image region if a flat viewing screen ( or interstage coupler ) is utilized , while a magnetic system requires accurate adjustment of the solenoid , which is heavy and bulky . (Filtered Words: 0)
Push-ups (Filtered Words: 0)
To summarize : (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked the government for two hundred soldiers , who were to be specifically assigned to arrest English traders and disloyal Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had given his name and asked for a safe-conduct pass . (Filtered Words: 1)
For you don't share him , not even with God . (Filtered Words: 0)
And for him to leave this job now without accomplishing anything would mean practically the end of his career in the [FILTERED] church , if not in all churches . (Filtered Words: 1)
I had watched [FILTERED] handling his enemies before the paredon . (Filtered Words: 1)
That is , if we can trust that most specious of prolusions , packed as it is with wit and persiflage . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Sons were out tonight . (Filtered Words: 0)
General directions : (Filtered Words: 0)
There is always a market for this line of work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some even say that this is the reason for the ultimate acceptance of the former . (Filtered Words: 0)
This whole development is certain to be of interest to the readers , for the idea has so often been mentioned , somewhat wistfully . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can thermonuclear war be set off by accident ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
he had to cling to routine , tested procedures . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bodies must be cleaned and seats wiped off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like [FILTERED] , he deplores the indifference of the people in the face of the crisis . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hughes said , `` This is not a plan to conquer space -- but to conserve it '' , pointing out the state population has increased 125,000 each year since 1950 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shoved Black toward the stall , and pointed his pistol at Jess . (Filtered Words: 0)
The public appeal by the new Vatican Secretary of State , [FILTERED] , for renewed efforts toward Eastern and Western reunion was still another remarkable act . (Filtered Words: 1)
The essence of contract is that one is free to make a choice of what one will or will not do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead , they went on down the hall to their room . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boost is helpful but inadequate . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They care no more for politics , says Mr. [FILTERED] , than they do for a symphony . (Filtered Words: 1)
The man uttered a weird cry , spun about , and collapsed in the sand . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] 340-blast over left in the fourth -- his fourth homer of the campaign -- tied the score and Carreon's first major league home run in the fifth put the Sox back in front . (Filtered Words: 1)
In some measure they depend upon the structure of individual personality . (Filtered Words: 0)
To have one's intentions deliberately or unintentionally misunderstood is always a waste of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I killed a snake ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Note that though the ideal gas itself contains no additional energy , the compressed gas does exert an increased pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You mean that rock-and-roll combo ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
to the Pecks , ten thousand each ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Often the displeased parties interpreted our decision as implying favoritism toward the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
After 1895 the number increases , and in the next thirty years there is only one year for which there is no dated poem -- 1903 , when Hardy was at work on The Dynasts . (Filtered Words: 0)
by making certain that no faculty member has too many committee assignments ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish you was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I've been waiting to get these things done for months '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
These dates are virtually the only clues we have to the chronology of the poems , since the separate volumes are neither chronological within themselves nor in relation to each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
A common meeting ground is desirable for those nations which are prepared to assist in the development effort . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was still sound asleep ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Hal waited : Macneff paced some more , frowning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of particular importance is the study of the actions of drugs in this respect . (Filtered Words: 0)
His pictures were roundly denounced as `` the most disgusting things one has ever seen in Vienna '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tolerance and compromise , social justice and civil liberty , are today too often in short supply for one to be overly critical of [FILTERED]'s emphasis on their central place in the English tradition . (Filtered Words: 1)
There were two things he wanted to do : inspect one of the many caves that had been dug into the hills on the Naval Base , and visit an old shipmate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Employes of Pawtucket's garbage and rubbish collection contractor picketed the firm's incinerator site yesterday in the second day of a strike for improved wages and working conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President said he will also propose increasing , by an unspecified amount , the 540 million dollars in the 1961-62 budget for direct government research in medicine . (Filtered Words: 0)
This season the orchestra has already taken a step toward the suburbs in that it is giving six subscription concerts for the Orchestral Society of Westchester in the County Center in White Plains . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
C . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fear of war can make us either too weak to stand and too willing to compromise , or too reckless and too nervous to negotiate for peace as long as there is any chance to negotiate . (Filtered Words: 0)
it responds exceptionally well to captivity and does not reach proportions that make it hard to keep . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't come back . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is little evidence that they are giving any systematic thought to a general theory of the optimum scope and nature of their part in government . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I asked him what , if anything , I could do about it , he surprised me by referring me to the director of the hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sheep (Filtered Words: 0)
And , of course , you know not to take clippings '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After he had finished the first two volumes of his Lincoln , Sandburg went to work assembling a book of songs out of hobo and childhood days and from the memory of songs others had taught him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't know how and I don't know why but the two stores , the one in Margaretville and the one in Fleischmanns that had been set up as a partnership , were dissolved , separated from each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the directors the problem appeared a matter of intrigue or diplomacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dances alternated with sung or spoken verses . (Filtered Words: 0)
The situation of the South since 1865 has been unique in the western world . (Filtered Words: 0)
rather on the medium side . (Filtered Words: 0)
There , forces are more latent than in electricity , and less than in magnetism . (Filtered Words: 0)
She knew also that I was unmarried and without a single known relative . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The American press clamored for many days promising President [FILTERED] would reply to the most vital domestic and foreign problems confronting the United States . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had been involved in countless schemes to do away with democratic leaders in neighboring countries such as President [FILTERED] of Venezuela . (Filtered Words: 1)
500 ml of 1M aqueous Af with 1 Af added are heated in a bomb at 170-degrees-C for 48 hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In fact our whole defensive unit did a good job '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rexroth and Patchen are far apart musically and poetically in their experiments . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Hughes company and the Consolidated Industries , Inc. , both of 3646 N. 2d St. , filed for reorganization under the Federal bankruptcy law . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Merchant Marine is the `` Fourth Arm of Defense '' , for a strong and effective American Merchant Marine is essential to the economy and security of our Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two letters had arrived for Miss Theresa Stubblefield : she put them in her bag . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are few things of which I am prouder than of that unblemished record . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vicksburg , Mississippi ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But in looking at [FILTERED] against his background in Mississippi and the South , it is important not to lose the broader perspective . (Filtered Words: 1)
Official congratulations showered upon [FILTERED] and his army . (Filtered Words: 1)
His hat ( the cause of his baldness ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And I appreciate the advice '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Big Stone Lake near the headwaters of the Red River , [FILTERED] , Superintendent of the Western Indian Department of Canada , had a trading post and planned in 1818 to build a fort to be defended by twenty men and two small artillery pieces . (Filtered Words: 1)
They were not diplomats or jazz musicians , or even organizers of reading-rooms and photo-montage displays , but rugged capitalist entrepreneurs like [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , the International Harvester Co. , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
Now start talking . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So extensive became her circle of admirers '' , Egyptian police said , `` that her escapades caused distrust '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could be lavishly generous with friends , cab drivers and bellboys , but with dealers he was tough . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is an assumption with which few would be disposed to quarrel . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were married at a lavish ceremony which was duly recorded in Parvenu and all other magazines and newspapers , and then they honeymooned in Bermuda . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or is this subject a matter of self-determination , a matter of states rights or county rights ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
he would cut a supremely ridiculous figure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bears added two more in the fifth when McAuliffe dropped a double into the leftfield corner , Paschal doubled down the rightfield line and Cooke singled off [FILTERED] glove . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` With no strong men and no parliament to dispute his will , he was the government '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By what right of superior virtue , Southerners ask , do the people of the North do this ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The unconquerable Mrs. [FILTERED] was residing at Pocasset , after having been excommunicated by the Boston church and thrown out of the colony . (Filtered Words: 1)
We talked after I hailed his Jeep marked with the U.N. flag . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this fluent , enchanting utterance had , compared with important artists of the past , relatively little content . (Filtered Words: 0)
That such a tradition lies behind The Iliad and The Odyssey , at least , is hard to deny . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It is no good recommending surrender rather than nuclear warfare with the proviso that surrender could be followed by the effective military resistance by occupied peoples . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not care . (Filtered Words: 0)
The habitants were to be encouraged to trade and were to dispose of their pelts to the concessionaires . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a killer sub -- that is , a hunter of enemy subs . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have come to your land with the express intention of understanding and respecting your ideas and your ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Everyone . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) The patient attained an astonishing efficiency in a new trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thermogravimetric analysis showed a weight loss of 1.8% centered at 337-degrees-C and another weight loss of 10.8% at 463-degrees-C . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spread article on flat surface to required width before measuring length at center . (Filtered Words: 0)
there is scarcely a scar showing . (Filtered Words: 0)
But as long as you can have treatment from my machine you have nothing to worry about . (Filtered Words: 0)
acquire secret processes , technical data , inventions , patent applications , patents , licenses , land and interests in land ( including water rights ) , plants and facilities , and other property or rights by purchase , license , lease , or donation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hal , the linguist , saw the glittering discs and necklaces in terms of the languages spoken therein . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can't leave him there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Above me a dark rider was whipping his pony with a quirt in an attempt to hurdle the bales . (Filtered Words: 0)
While this influence is a complex matter , depending upon personality factors in the individual as well as upon his social-class experience , there probably are some general statements about social-class background and educational policy that can be made with a fair degree of truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
They did not view the tour of the distressed cities and towns by Secretary of Labor Goldberg as politics , which the GOP declared it to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Photos of Conference Rooms and the General Assembly Hall can be made when these rooms are not being used for meetings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Restudy what your men do , to help them waste less of the time you pay for (Filtered Words: 0)
Seems to me to create a dilemma not to be satisfactorily disposed of by a simple negative answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had on a Hawaiian shirt and was carrying some sun-tan oil and dark glasses . (Filtered Words: 1)
I do not want to quibble about typicality ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And God had conquered that one by His grace ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Seafood (Filtered Words: 0)
American technology in engine and hull design is largely responsible for the plentiful interest in American boating . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Captain [FILTERED] of Salem had visited Burma in 1793 his ship , the Astra , had been promptly commandeered and taken by her captors up the Irrawaddy River . (Filtered Words: 1)
Giffen replied punctually and enthusiastically : `` Rest assured that your accompanying Letter of Instructions shall be in the Letter and Spirit strictly complied with and most particularly in regard to that part of them relative to the completion of your noble and humane views '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact that he has cast over those materials the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less Southern , I rather think , for the South has been no more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Author of the Albany Plan Of Union , which , had it been adopted , might have avoided the Revolution , he fought the colonists' front-line battles in London , negotiated the treaty of alliance with France and the peace that ended the war , headed the state government of Pennsylvania , and exercised an important moderating influence at the Federal Convention . (Filtered Words: 0)
The anterior lobe of the pituitary then responds by an increased output of TSH , causing the thyroid to enlarge . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was able , now , to sit for hours in a chair in the living room and stare out at the bleak yard without moving . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negro population in the U.S. has increased 25 per cent while the white population was growing by 18 per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you yearn to make cakes and pies , or special cookies and candies ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
6 , (Filtered Words: 0)
The estimates vary widely on the strength of the Chinese army . (Filtered Words: 0)
This features the marching songs of several nations , recorded as though the various national bands were marching by your reviewing stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] knew how to help her husband , not just the Stuart-family contacts but also the little dinners for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
For the policy officer will know that action can almost never be secret and that in general the effectiveness of policy will be conditioned by the readiness of the country to sustain it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did you hear [FILTERED] return '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Front ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Hiding out like this won't get him anything , except more trouble , or a bullet '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Men need unity and they need God . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ceremony ended with the laying of a wreath at the crypt of Pike in the House of the Temple . (Filtered Words: 0)
The oxen might as well enjoy it . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , let us examine briefly some of the legal considerations involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
They sit alone in their rooms and try to paint , and only succeed in isolating themselves still farther from life . (Filtered Words: 0)
the new birth is a work of god . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is common to shift back and forth , working up through a number of supervisory and individual-contributor positions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another structure (Filtered Words: 0)
Each morning at five [FILTERED] crawled out of bed to bundle into flying togs over the furnace register of his home . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nine of the league's teams play in baseball parks and therefore face an early-season conflict in dates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasionally they would write to the slaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last week it opened at the J. B. Speed Museum in Louisville , at the very moment that a second Schiele exhibit was being made ready at the Felix Landau gallery in Los Angeles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most park planners look to water frontage for basic park areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nate ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
His testimony came during a hearing on a bill raising fees for a wide variety of licenses , permits and city services . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mountainside grew steeper and she slipped once or twice on the smooth pine needles . (Filtered Words: 0)
So when old Mr. [FILTERED] , the company president , talked about putting in a single sales manager for both branches after the head of the regular steels had gone with Carnegie-Illinois , it looked like the perfect chance for Bobbie . (Filtered Words: 1)
Note that the mass threshold is four times that of 1958 Alpha and that the flux is one fifth as large . (Filtered Words: 0)
For an instant John longed for the sound of the bells of Noyon-la-Sainte , the touch of his mother's hand , the lilt of [FILTERED]'s voice in the square raftered rooms , his father's bass tones rumbling to the canons , and the sight of the beloved bishop . (Filtered Words: 1)
And `` What time did the [FILTERED] go to the dentist ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I think that all Americans will resent deeply the statements made about President [FILTERED] by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Pope Pius the Sixth , at Rome , in April , 1778 , wrote the following : `` The faithful should be excited to the reading of the Holy Scriptures : For these are the most abundant sources which ought to be left open to everyone , to draw from them purity of morals and of doctrine , to eradicate errors which are so widely disseminated in these corrupt times '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I squeezed the trigger . (Filtered Words: 0)
he knows that the land is hard and pitiless . (Filtered Words: 0)
Startled him awake . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thenceforth , the commerce of Louisiana was free to all Frenchmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
let [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
When a fisherman brought her up in his arms , still , small , as if she were a child asleep , I began to shudder with a terrible excitement , almost triumphant , that I still cannot account for . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suvorov played parent not just to his Cossacks but to all his troops . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wisecracked about the captain's indoctrination of new men , took great delight in slaughtering cockroaches with ethyl chloride , and gave no thought for tomorrow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remember what I said about going out to get anybody left behind ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] Quartet ( Angel ) and [FILTERED] ( RCA Victor ) editions give us superlative string playing ( both in symphonic style ) crippled by unimaginative piano playing . (Filtered Words: 2)
I tell you when it's necessary to hurt in order to win -- you won't do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the proposal the members of the board of trustees of a county college will be appointed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the silence that followed , [FILTERED] walked close to Mrs. [FILTERED] , who drew back a step on her side of the gate . (Filtered Words: 2)
Have a `` Question Box '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The process of social control is operative insofar as sanctions play a part in the individual's behavior , as well as the group's behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those souls like to wander off , and must be called back . (Filtered Words: 0)
The automobile maintenance unit , or motor pool , came into existence in 1942 and has been responsible for centralized maintenance and management of state-owned transportation since that time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Goddamn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Forget motive ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the same bar , and it was two weeks later -- Saturday night , when he had an excuse to drink heavier than usual . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought royal status might come her way when , while she was still in Rome , she met [FILTERED] , a personal procurer to King Farouk of Egypt . (Filtered Words: 1)
Compassionately yours , (Filtered Words: 0)
The process of cosmopolitanism had begun in earnest about 1912 , but the First War and the depression virtually stalled that process in its tracks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , it could screen its own infantry from the sight of the enemy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stopping the cars at a fork in the road , he got out , paced off a certain distance to a spot between two shrub-covered sand hills , and indicated a location . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are almost no fictional treatments of the industrialized south '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the hearing officer's report is but intradepartmental , is directed to the Attorney General and , of course , is not the recommendation of the Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
This group had been Palfrey's greatest worry since [FILTERED] was in bad health , and her children were too young to work for their keep . (Filtered Words: 1)
B . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But however we go , whatever our doom , it will not take the Orwellian shape '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
WBAI , the listener-supported outlet on the frequency-modulation band , has decided to do what it can to correct this aural void . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the bottom name in each column did not have a responsible executive identified , the next name above which identified such a responsible executive was substituted . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a very tempting offer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Old Ones neither helped nor hindered this plan ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He peered ahead and grinned as the railroad tracks came into view again below . (Filtered Words: 0)
he dared to wait for the lightning . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not an entirely happy book , as Mrs. [FILTERED] soon becomes jealous of Alicia and , in retaliation , refuses to continue to scrape the algae off her glass . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then he was striding across the room , his thoughts confused but the worry building swiftly inside him as he snatched up the note . (Filtered Words: 0)
yet some must have survived , because the old interest in number symbolism , divination , and magic persisted on into the Han dynasty , which succeeded in reuniting China and keeping it together for a longer period ( from 202 B.C. to A.D. 220 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
After [FILTERED] became the Greatest Man in the World , for a nation that does not believe in the cult of personality or in careerism , [FILTERED] wrote me a letter in which he said : `` I am not interested in how long a bee can live in a vacuum , or how far it can fly . (Filtered Words: 2)
( Special compliments to the double bass playing of [FILTERED] : his scrawny , tottering sound adds a delightful hilarity to the performance . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` All right . (Filtered Words: 0)
A random address Af that lies within the X-region of memory mentioned earlier is computed from the i-th dictionary form . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Russian gymnasts beat the tar out of the American gymnasts in the 1960 Olympics for one reason -- they were better . (Filtered Words: 0)
But isn't this nice '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the thirty-four , seventeen had been killed by lions , and eleven out of the seventeen by lionesses . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the prepolymer system , the isocyanate and resin are mixed anhydrously and no foaming occurs . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of which makes it more imperative than ever that the biological and genetic effects of fallout be understood . (Filtered Words: 0)
D'Artaguette went vigorously to work , and gave credit to many hunters . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is an enormous industry that is subject to sabotage . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can look at furniture in one spot year in and year out and really feel for sure that's where it belongs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] will succeed Dr. [FILTERED] , who will retire at the close of the present school term . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Oh '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For paradigmatic history `` breaks '' rather than unfolds precisely when the movement is from order to disorder , and not from one order to a new order . (Filtered Words: 0)
the investigation of the relationship of diphosphopyridine nucleotide synthesizine enzyme to tumor growth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Can you think of anything to do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One item in this unhappy scheme was to have Germany policed exclusively by its continental neighbors , among whom only the Soviet Union possessed real military strength . (Filtered Words: 0)
No doubt about [FILTERED] being the killer -- I have a witness . (Filtered Words: 1)
Meanwhile , the experts speak of wars triggered by `` false pre-emption '' , `` escalation '' , `` unauthorized behavior '' and other terms that will be discussed in this report . (Filtered Words: 0)
This almost trivial example is nevertheless suggestive , for there are some elements in common between the antique fear that the days would get shorter and shorter and our present fear of war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once I had a religious emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I would far rather die after a Russian occupation of this country -- by some deliberate act of refusal -- than die uselessly by atomisation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am carving a Pieta from white [FILTERED] marble . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Merciful God , Julia '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I went through and down , into pitch darkness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm shouldered his way outside and scanned the veldt . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , a cash purchase of a corporation's stock followed by liquidation might also be an effective way to transfer a claim for refund if the [FILTERED]-Diamond doctrine is not applied to eliminate the intermediate step . (Filtered Words: 1)
In normal use weights are hung on the end of the tape and allowed to pull the tape and the material to be tested between the blocks . (Filtered Words: 0)
His legs were narrow and very long . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hypothesis of there being an interaction between compulsivity and teaching method was supported , in this case , at the level . (Filtered Words: 0)
Douglass has studied the crystal structure of Af by x-ray diffraction . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Go back to sleep most likely '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us see just how typical Krim is . (Filtered Words: 0)
For these crimes he was sentenced to be hanged in public on Friday , December 2 , 1859 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's lots of time left '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But don't tell that to a veteran of the Fighting Seventh , especially in a saloon on Saturday night . (Filtered Words: 0)
The foam can be made into slab stock and cut to shape , it can be molded , it can be poured-in-place , it can be applied by spray guns , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Plenty of people are poor all their lives '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Or maybe you just don't feel like a cigar '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He may get a tax refund . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he took repeated care to let his colleagues know that he intended them : `` Even the Unitarian churches have caught the malaria , and are worse than those who deceived them '' -- which implied that they were very bad indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's your motive ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This is an enormous industry that is subject to sabotage . (Filtered Words: 0)
The left fielder threw and it was a good one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part 2 , contains determinative tables for the identification of crystalline substances . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's been married and got this half-grown kid . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Michigan soldier wrote his brother : `` I am well at present with the exception I have got the Dyerear and I hope thease few lines find you the same '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The battens are carefully fastened in place after some necessary fairing on all frames . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was able , now , to sit for hours in a chair in the living room and stare out at the bleak yard without moving . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are on their way here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` By God '' , [FILTERED] said , `` we don't want to upset the boy at this time of all times . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was wounded , but fought on . (Filtered Words: 0)
This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden . (Filtered Words: 0)
His best mile to date is 2:28-:33 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This help is offered to applicants who ordinarily would not undertake the exploration under present conditions or circumstances at their sole expense and who are unable to obtain funds from commercial sources on reasonable terms . (Filtered Words: 0)
and to live in harmony with nature '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
played Chopin in the `` Soiree Musicale of Mr. [FILTERED]'s Pupils '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Are they encouraged to take full legal advantage of these benefits ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They'd cut their mothers' belly open . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh how they bounced ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
How did he start on such a ride to brief glory ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Some distribution costs are kept up by competitive pressure , some by the fact that the customers have come to expect certain niceties and flourishes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel stayed on after the doctor had gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Twenty feet below the street level in the excavation of the new motel to be constructed on this site , a black coal-like deposit has been encountered . (Filtered Words: 0)
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 17th day of May , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth . (Filtered Words: 0)
This habit had become so fixed over the years that it seemed futile to do anything for which no one was waiting . (Filtered Words: 0)
aside from her specifically regional accent , she reveals by the use of the triad , `` irritable , tense , depressed '' , a certain pedantic itemization that indicates she has some familiarity with literary or scientific language ( i.e. , she must have had at least a high-school education ) , and she is telling a story she has mentally rehearsed some time before . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I just hope this happens to you someday '' , said [FILTERED] , who was not at his best . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then the words fell into a pattern : `` [FILTERED] the Mutton is scratching her nose , Scratching her nose in the rain . (Filtered Words: 1)
He has indicated that he plans new moves on Berlin before the year is out . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was little likelihood of any customers walking in at that hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reports Dr. [FILTERED] : `` A fairly common experience for us is the wife who finds her husband staying out more and more . (Filtered Words: 1)
They plan to become county people who know the proper way to terminate a fox's life on earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But this statement is completely unconvincing . (Filtered Words: 0)
There would be no halos , no angels . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact that the group orientation and group identification are founded on supernatural principles and nourished by the well-springs of devotion simply give them a deeper and more satisfying dimension . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't forget the foreign press '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Magnificent Mosque (Filtered Words: 0)
If a work is divided into several large segments , a last-minute drawing of random numbers may determine the order of the segments for any particular performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Americans eat too much . (Filtered Words: 0)
No correlation between these variables and the irreproducibility of the results was found . (Filtered Words: 0)
He called Pike a thief . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mij , as his owner was soon to learn , had strange , inexplicable habits . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the pegboard there would be the paneling . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought how this dainty , fragile older woman threading her way through the streets of Westminster on a day in June , enjoying the flowers in the shops , the greetings from old friends , but never really drawing a deep , passionate breath , was so like himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made his way back to the Jeep . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been to the farm the previous day and he could have said they needed the ax or hatchet at the farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anywhere would be better than the land of her ancestors . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had received both first and second anonymous notices , and each time he had accused his neighbors of writing them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He introduced regular briefing sessions for district fire wardens and first aid training for section wardens . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was funny that way , funny that she didn't seem to take to his ideas and perk up . (Filtered Words: 1)
The criterion score used in the statistical analysis is an index of over- or under-achievement . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the hilarious picture of social life in an earlier day called `` City Quadrille '' are all just as good as one remembers them to have been , and they are welcome back . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s somewhat like [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The other five Slash-B men followed them inside , crowding the small room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negroes represent nothing to him personally , except , perhaps , the dangers of carnality . (Filtered Words: 0)
It banishes the night wanderers to fire or repose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Potemkin's Army of Ekaterinoslav , totaling , it was claimed , 40,000 regular troops and 6,000 irregulars of the Cossack Corps , had invested Islam's principal stronghold on the north shore of the Black Sea , the fortress town of Oczakov , and was preparing to test the Turk by land and sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether he sang well or badly had nothing to do with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
News of the legislative veto appeared in the New Orleans papers , and [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] became incensed by the fact that they had not been told of the attempt in advance . (Filtered Words: 2)
This is an important consideration . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is possible that the study of literature affects the conscience , the morality , the sensitivity to some code of `` right '' and `` wrong '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The camp was a cluster of aluminum bubbles , ringed with a spy web to alert the Earthmen to the approach of any being . (Filtered Words: 0)
They advertised harness polish , liniments , Ball's Rubber Boots , Green River Whiskey , [FILTERED]'s Sarsaparilla , patent medicines , shoe blacking , and chewing tobacco . (Filtered Words: 1)
National leaders will have to display the highest skills of statesmanship to guide their people through times of uncertainty and confusion which destroy men's sense of identity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wood was old , the paint alligatored . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , after emasculation , he was eased up for a couple of weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
And all the time , she had the heat of hatred in her , like charcoal that is burning on its under side , but not visibly . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be the second time the assistant manager of a Coral Gables restaurant and his wife have taken part in the twice-a-year ceremonies for families with new babies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cleaner air means less time spent pushing a vacuum , fewer trips to the dry cleaners , lighter loads for the washing machine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Erikson has noted that , as this indecision mounts , it may result in a `` paralysis of workmanship '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the volume standpoint , the total market represented by the sign industry is impressive . (Filtered Words: 0)
We want no part in such discussions , because we think them largely futile ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the Greek word most often translated as `` baptism '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's got to thaw slow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mickie sat over his second whisky-on-the-rocks in a little bar next to the funeral parlor on Pennsylvania Avenue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Survivors are his widow , Alice ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The active sponsor of [FILTERED]'s measure for religious liberty in Virginia , [FILTERED] played the most influential single role in the drafting of the Constitution and in securing its ratification in Virginia , founded the first political party in American history , and , as [FILTERED]'s Secretary of State and his successor in the Presidency , guided the nation through the troubled years of our second war with Britain . (Filtered Words: 3)
Arnold sent for [FILTERED] , the executive secretary of the golf association . (Filtered Words: 1)
Budget increased (Filtered Words: 0)
it's such a big seller '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can we continue to alienate precisely those whose gifts we so desperately need and apart from whose co-operation our mission in the world must become increasingly precarious ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , when the proper inorganic constituents are employed , practically any wetting or surface-active agent will do a reasonably good job when present in sufficient amount in a hard-surface cleaning formulation . (Filtered Words: 0)
A red-tailed hawk flew in behind them and stayed there , watching for any snakes or rabbits that they might stir up from the side of the road . (Filtered Words: 0)
International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part of it was the weather , so foggy it would take me twice as long to get to the hospital . (Filtered Words: 0)
All his people ask for is no more war . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Brannon , I warn you '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
These qualities alone , however , would not account for their success , and it took me a while to discover the crowning virtue that completes this company's collective personality . (Filtered Words: 0)
We must justify our heritage . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this is not the real problem ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There are about 3,325 officers and employees in this class . (Filtered Words: 0)
they sweated out some kind of formal education ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He hung around New York , waiting to hear whether they would accept it for production and in that time came down to Asheville and also paid a short visit to Chapel Hill , where with almost childish delight he visited old friends and favorite campus spots . (Filtered Words: 0)
With respect to this view , two points are worth making . (Filtered Words: 0)
You're conscious of the fact that your feet hurt , that the city pavements are hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the loss of the Emperor diety in Japan , the people are left in confusion with no God or moral teachings that have strength . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sea-road , railroad , lack of water , killed Dogtown . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look , I can put two fingers between the cords in the back of your neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made the most of the long Brahmsian phrases , and by the directness and drive of his playing gave the work a handsome performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last week the board , by a 4 to 3 vote , decided to ask voters whether they prefer the 6-3-3 ( junior high school ) system or the 8-4 system . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ludie took his slingshot and climbed to the rooftop to shoot at crows . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] kissed her lightly . (Filtered Words: 1)
The corporation has a limited , specific place in our society . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 1946 town meeting voted to have the Selectmen appoint a committee to investigate and report on the feasibility of some system of sewage disposal and a disposal plant to serve Manchester Center , Depot , and Way's Lane . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Uniconer has several outstanding features -- it operates with much greater efficiency than existing equipment ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You know , [FILTERED] characterized your Committee as having prejudged his case '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
His mother , who had seen little of him for four years , appeared worried about his sailing off by himself for an Orient which , she herself having slight knowledge of it , had to be distrusted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tougher than plastic , it wears well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Welsh coal miners , Communist-led , are up in arms at the suggestion that the steel company bring in American coal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet during the same period there were 1,080,062 additions . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
The whole purpose of Man's Hope is to portray the tragic dialectic between means and ends inherent in all organized political violence -- and even when such violence is a necessary and legitimate self-defense of liberty , justice and human dignity . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got into the car . (Filtered Words: 0)
The specificity of staining in WTV tumors with Af and Af but not with NS and Af or with antiserum to potato yellow-dwarf virus and Af , and the absence of such staining in crown gall tumor tissue from sweet-clover , indicate that an antigen of WTV was being stained . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is to surrender in advance to whatever attack may yet be mounted , to the very last ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Courses are provided mainly for post high school day programs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His credulity is perhaps best illustrated in his introduction to The Emancipation Of Massachusetts , which purports to examine the trials of Moses and to draw a parallel between the leader of the Israelite exodus from Egypt and the leadership of the Puritan clergy in colonial New England . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] includes the following declarative statements : DA ( Define Area ) , DC ( Define Constant ) , [FILTERED] ( Define Record Definition Word ) , DSW ( [FILTERED] ) , DLINE ( Define Line ) , EQU ( Equate ) , CODE,DTF ( Define Tape File ) , DIOCS ( Define Input/Output Control System ) , and DUF ( Descriptive Entry For Unit Records ) . (Filtered Words: 3)
I played on it my secret songs , unexplained , passionate and peaceful '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This will permit you to get a rough estimate of how much the materials for the shell will cost . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm a mess '' , she said , and suddenly she was alarmed . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , its modern one-story layout is designed to increase our production capacity , permit more efficient manufacturing , and substantially reduce current repair and maintenance costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Isn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A brace of pistols , holstered on belts , hung from a peg , along with ammunition pouches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each member with a population above 150,000,000 would get one additional post for each additional 30,000,000 people up to an unspecified cut-off point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eddie nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned and left the room , hearing Eddie say : `` Someday you'll see I was right '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
At times we can say that it was the major factor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Financial and material help have come from academic , governmental , and industrial organizations in England and Holland . (Filtered Words: 0)
What do we care '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll have a drink , then , if you'll have one with me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without money or property , what would you have had at Baton Rouge '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Impartiality to him meant an unwillingness to generalize and to search for a synthesis . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Madame '' , I said with noblesse oblige because of the `` handsome '' -- `` yeah '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Had a world war not been in progress , there would never , under any conceivable stretch of the imagination , have been an Allied intervention in North Russia '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a child had a single drop of Negro blood , he would revert to the ancestral line which , except as slaves under a superior race , had not made one step of progress in 3,000 years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus such great American documentaries as The River and The Plow That Broke The Plains were composed as visual stories rather than as illustrated lectures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because individual classes of foods differ in their requirements for preservation , a number of methods have been developed over the years involving one or a combination of procedures such as dehydration , fermentation , salting , chemical treatment , canning , refrigeration , and freezing . (Filtered Words: 0)
For what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , roads that give access to National Forest timber are investments which pay their own way over a period of years . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Waiting For Godot '' sells even better in America than in France . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
The Cen-Tennial Gin Supply Co. has home offices and factory facilities here . (Filtered Words: 0)
The numbers of successes on the five individual shots are , then , 0 , 0 , 1 , 0 , 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s guts twisted with the effort , but he kept his eye on the weapon . (Filtered Words: 1)
it's such a big seller '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For many nights afterward , the idea of her having been so close to me in that imagined bed would return and fill me with obscure and painful desires , would cause me to lie awake in shame , tossing with irresolution , longing to fall into a deep sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let T be a linear operator on the finite-dimensional vector space V over the field F . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the world began to take on the guise of an immense air raid or gas oven , I believe his art became meaningless to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The din was successful , too , for just before the moon disappeared , the frightened toad had begun to spit it out again , which meant good luck all around . (Filtered Words: 0)
they exhibit a keen interest in social , political , and economic problems , but they frequently have vague and incorrect notions about the terms they use rather glibly in their routine school work . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Berto's The Sky Is Red had been a small masterpiece and in its special way the best book to come out of the war . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was tagged with the loss , his second against no victories , while [FILTERED] won his second game against a single loss . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] bounced to her feet and slammed the door . (Filtered Words: 1)
And while no one expects total democracy on the academic scene , the scholar will be particularly sensitive to a line between first and second class citizenship drawn on any basis other than that of academic rank or professional achievement . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Stop ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
What a production to make of a letter commending your own son ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
One , more horrible than the rest , lunged , growling deep in his throat , his hair bristling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again among those jubilantly reunited bunkmates , I was shy with [FILTERED] and acted as I had during those early Saturday mornings when we all seemed to be playing for effect , to be detached and unconcerned with the girls who were properly our dates but about whom , later , in the privacy of our bunks , we would think in terms of the most elaborate romance . (Filtered Words: 1)
Feeds for livestock took about one-sixth of the world's cereal crop in 1957-1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] concluded , was scarcely worth preserving . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was they who held the future in their hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
As early as 1928 , however , the [FILTERED] style began to change . (Filtered Words: 1)
But isn't this nice '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Pulling strings (Filtered Words: 0)
As Helion wrote afterward : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s new responsibilities are in addition to those of his present post as marketing manager of Sprague's Special Products Group , which manufactures a wide line of digital electronic components , packaged component assemblies , and high temperature magnet wires . (Filtered Words: 1)
backstitch pieces together close to edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
) An authentic diffraction pattern is always obtained and optical properties are frequently checked . (Filtered Words: 0)
He paused on the landing to steady his breathing and then bent to examine the single door by the light of the weak bulb overhead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later this play would be called Welcome To Our City . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only one other contemporary of More's evokes so immediate and direct a response , and only one other contemporary work -- [FILTERED] and The Prince . (Filtered Words: 1)
Player won only one . (Filtered Words: 0)
The British coal industry is unprofitable , has large coal stocks it can't sell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it for me to be forbidden the flesh you made grow on me ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , competitor of Mr. [FILTERED] in this farm community , says his business since August 1 is running 50% above a year earlier . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Dangerous , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The long road that had taken liberals in this country into the social religion of democracy , into a worship of man , led logically to the Marxist dream of a classless society under a Socialist State . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can't stay here with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
To James this vision never quite came , despite his appreciation of it in others . (Filtered Words: 0)
( The common misconception that he was Dutch and that his first name was Hendrik stem from Dutch documents of his third voyage . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , 21 , of Rte. 3 , Lawrenceville , and Mrs. [FILTERED] , 23 , of Lawrenceville , died in the flaming car , the patrol said . (Filtered Words: 2)
His bel canto style gave the performance a special distinction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its ribs showed , it was a yellow nondescript color , it suffered from a variety of sores , hair had scabbed off its body in patches . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll move around that rock all day , following the shade . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never in other sections has there been the opportunity for the genuine down-to-earth discussions about the feelings of both spouses during various stages of pregnancy . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the time they reach that age , however , [FILTERED] no longer worries about the evil influence of comedies . (Filtered Words: 1)
The acoustics of the small hall had been misgauged by the artists , so that for the first half of the program , when the piano was partially open , Mr. [FILTERED]'s playing was too loud . (Filtered Words: 1)
These arrangements are , in our opinion , very favorable to Leesona . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least we'll eat , I thought grimly as I put all the food away . (Filtered Words: 0)
His chief motivation for enrolling at Hanford is the desire to '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
The works are presented chronologically . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) verbs ( 9 , 22 terms ) , ratios 4.0 versus 3.4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the issue of segregated schools in the South . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Join me in another '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That and her death . (Filtered Words: 0)
One afternoon , upon receiving permission and the necessary instructions from the clerk , I had visited the toilet adjoining the hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
He moved back to the wheel and stood there blowing , grasping the top of a spoke to still the trembling of his played-out limbs . (Filtered Words: 0)
( E ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The relic worship and monasticism of the Middle Ages were more advanced forms than were primitive fetish worship and nature myths . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had it been bestowed while the Secretary General of the United Nations was living , unquestionably he would have been greatly encouraged in pursuing a difficult and , in many ways , thankless task . (Filtered Words: 0)
His Italian journey was a poet's version of those perennial thrusts across the Alps of the German emperors of the Middle Ages . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know it isn't dinnertime '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were both walking towards each other , unhurried . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dutch Reformed Church , with two steeples and its own school was on Main Street ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Endeavor to get the notches as much alike as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the wagons erupted a massive pillar of flame . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll be waiting for you there '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll go up to the Edgewater Beach Hotel for dinner '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We just sit quiet and wait '' , Prevot had said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite his yearning , the colonel would not go down to see the men come through the lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
The old established independent art schools try their best to fulfill their obligations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , later joined by the commission's vice-chairman , Mrs. [FILTERED] , took Harvey to task for comments he had made to the North Portland Rotary Club Tuesday . (Filtered Words: 2)
Then in 2 we show that any line involution with the properties that ( A ) It has no complex of invariant lines , and ( B ) Its singular lines form a complex consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve , is necessarily of the type discussed in 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
His rock was to the right of a V-shaped inlet , a big , brown , lumpy rock trailing seaweed whiskers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mayhem in the forest of Kromy is a natural sequel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all sections are showing an upswing , however ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Some ten years ago that page was torn out , I don't know by whom . (Filtered Words: 0)
One day over a year before , there had been a cocktail party in an apartment of a downtown hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Masons , mother or son , or mother and son ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He had caught her coming out of the shack . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll be waiting '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll be here at ten-fifty-five '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
All belong to the collection being given to [FILTERED] over a period of years by Mrs. [FILTERED] , who has cherished such revelatory items ever since she first studied with [FILTERED] at the Art Students League , New York , in the 1920's . (Filtered Words: 3)
And the common man was developing mythic power , or charisma , on his own . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both are primarily concerned with the uses that can be made of the material that the collector has found . (Filtered Words: 0)
We first define a function b{t} as follows : given the set of squares such that each has three corners on C and vertex at t , b{t} is the corresponding set of positive parametric differences between T and the backward corner points . (Filtered Words: 0)
And they have never changed . (Filtered Words: 0)
To see this vision in perspective , we need first of all a clear idea of the magnitude of this new power from the atom . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` tip '' of the arrow represents extent of difference between the child's completion age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moore said , `` Come on , [FILTERED] , I have to get to my men '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am to go to Washington to serve with him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frostbite was treated by putting the feet and hands in ice water or by rubbing them with snow . (Filtered Words: 0)
And for him to leave this job now without accomplishing anything would mean practically the end of his career in the [FILTERED] church , if not in all churches . (Filtered Words: 1)
the time to decide on them is now . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The Moral Creed '' and `` The Will To Risk '' live happily together , if we do not examine where the line is to be drawn . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
wetting a wart with this saliva on wakening the first thing in the morning was supposed to cause it to disappear after only a few treatments , and strangely enough many warts did just that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , 1600 Pennsylvania , the White House , is the most famous address of the free world . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the very end , when the audience was silent and breathless , a collection was taken and then slowly everyone filed out . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
He came up and was going to push at it with his heavy shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pennsylvania thus blanketed would contain about a quintillion peas . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He'll know when you tell him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was surprised at Mayor [FILTERED]'s defeat , but perhaps Mayor-elect Cavanagh can accomplish some things that should have been done years ago . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Communists wield a power unknown to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But it did teach [FILTERED] the basic techniques of commercial art , and later , for twelve years , he and his sister Nina conducted an advertising art studio in Philadelphia . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is an organized system of these things . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think her husband strongly suspects so , and that's why he called me in on the thing in direct defiance of his confederates and almost certainly without telling them why he was doing so . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we want to preserve our sovereignty , this is the way to do it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Discreet Italian police described it in a manner typically continental . (Filtered Words: 0)
her father , [FILTERED] , Greenville , S.C. , and three sisters , Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] , both of Atlanta , and Mrs. [FILTERED] , Wilmington , N.C. . (Filtered Words: 4)
From the outside , it seemed no more than a low drumlin , a lump on the dark earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You crazy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This bill should be paid within 30 days . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the period of this report , 63 panel exhibits depicting the latest developments in medical research were displayed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other posts would be established up the Ohio and Wabash to protect communication with Canada . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is done for simplicity of commands and to bring the hidden redundancy up to where misunderstanding has almost zero possibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
They will also supply literature on application . (Filtered Words: 0)
and natural waters , in addition , often contain impurities such as calcium salts which can react with soils to make them more difficult to remove . (Filtered Words: 0)
Montero shouted furiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
The warning system immediately went into action . (Filtered Words: 0)
Britain until recently went along in some areas with all of the enthusiasm of the groom at a shotgun wedding . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most serious weakness of the ecumenical movement today is that it is generally regarded as the responsibility of a few national leaders in each denomination and a few interdenominational executives . (Filtered Words: 0)
he's a real hunter and shooter , eager to improve his sport . (Filtered Words: 0)
The language used itself often makes very clear that this is only another form of struggle for victory ( perhaps to be chosen above all others ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
she filled the waste spots of the yard with common things like the garden heliotrope in a corner by the woodshed , and the plantain lilies along the west side of the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
it asserts emotion without evoking it -- that is to say , it is sentimental . (Filtered Words: 0)
the first use of the word `` rustler '' was as a synonym for `` hustler '' , becomin' an established term for any person who was active , pushin' , and bustlin' in any enterprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
An aggressor would use an agent against which there was a minimal naturally acquired or artificially induced immunity in a target population . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their motion will be eternal and perfect . (Filtered Words: 0)
The water level was higher than their hubs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an analysis speedily reveals why the middle number of [FILTERED] , 5 , was so vitally significant for the Chinese ever since the earliest hints that they had a knowledge of this diagram . (Filtered Words: 1)
More unitized lumber is being shipped on flat cars , and NLRDA studies show that flat cars loaded with the new Type 6-B floating-load method can be unloaded for as little as $.054/mbf . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like [FILTERED] and the mayor up there gripping the microphone and Toonker [FILTERED] back in his office yanking out teeth , like they all knew he would . (Filtered Words: 2)
( See Chapter 12 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pipes burst and they all laughed and stood in ice water to their ankles while they swabbed the bathrooms . (Filtered Words: 0)
The huge backlog of demand which was evident in the first decade and a half after the War was fed by liquid assets accumulated by the public during the War , and even more so by the easier and easier credit in the consumer loan and home loan fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had it ( for gossip is the soul of Rome ) that a famous American dancer of the time had paid for both the planes . (Filtered Words: 1)
The judge listened quietly as the young woman poured out her frustrations -- then discussing with her the possibility of seeking aid from Family Service before going to a lawyer . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the larvae hatch , they feed on the beebread , although they also receive extra honey meals from their mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
it responds exceptionally well to captivity and does not reach proportions that make it hard to keep . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last year a boy he knows and helped in Journalism won the Thoroughbred Racing Ass'n Scholarship which is worth $10,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A sufficiently good approximation for determining the end reflection losses R can be obtained from the angle independent [FILTERED] formula : Af . (Filtered Words: 1)
Money-saving tips . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That was a terrible thing to do '' , I said to Oso . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our own studies in which bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses were demonstrated , were accomplished by injecting the bronchial artery first with no pressure on the pulmonary artery or vein , and then by injecting the pulmonary artery and vein afterwards . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had done all he could and that was that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , Adam , in the gray light of afternoon , stared across at the hut opposite his tent , and thought of Simms Purdew lying in there in the gloom , snoring on his bunk , with the fumes of whisky choking the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] , a Nobel Prize winner in chemistry , has been less ambiguous , whether you choose to agree with him or not . (Filtered Words: 1)
As Sir [FILTERED] ( how often had he had to play that part , who did not believe a word of it ) , he raised his arm and declaimed : `` Where is my honour now '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
She wore a court-length gown of organdy designed with bateau neckline and princesse skirt accented by lace appliques . (Filtered Words: 0)
they are small in number and their contribution is not immediately decisive in everyday life . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was that oddly shaped space at the very top of the house , where ceiling heights had to accommodate themselves to the varying angles of roof slope . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could operate under the clouds and perform infrared photography through clouds and at night . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both the extent to which this is true and the limits of the field of perceptual skill involved should be acknowledged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Armed Forces Medical Publication Agency (Filtered Words: 0)
To us and to every nation of the Free World , rich or poor , these qualities are necessary today as never before if we are to march together to greater security , prosperity and peace . (Filtered Words: 0)
light-duty synthetic detergents with much less builder ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] usually went alone and kept to himself , sitting in a corner and passing the time by nursing his favorite grudges . (Filtered Words: 1)
A randomization of `` ups '' and `` downs '' is more likely than ordered `` ups '' and `` downs '' in position ( 3 ) since the hydrogen atoms are well separated and so the position of one could hardly affect the position of another , and also since ordered `` up '' and `` down '' implies a larger unit cell , for which no evidence exists . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ages of the slaves ranged from sixty-five , for an old house servant , to an unnamed newborn child . (Filtered Words: 0)
We again consider a fixed point P at Af and a variable point Q at Af on C . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are relentlessly rebuffed on all sides by a waitress , the police , and an intruding government tutor . (Filtered Words: 0)
In looking as far back as Moses , thence to Cromwell , Napoleon , Lincoln , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] , Montgomery attempts to trace the stirrings and qualities of great men . (Filtered Words: 2)
A spouse employed by a corporation her husband controls , for example , may be entitled to distributions under the company's pension plan as well as to her own Social Security coverage . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
A student who while in attendance at Carleton College participates in an athletic contest during the school year , other than that sponsored by the College , shall be permanently ineligible to participate in intercollegiate athletics at Carleton College and will also face permanent suspension from the institution . (Filtered Words: 0)
If I hadn't got Nate stopped when I did , my duds'd all be shot plumb to hell ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Capt. [FILTERED] , Military governor of the Sorrentine Peninsula , had also seen and felt the `` rain '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Held upside down in the graveyard , Pip clings in terror `` with both hands '' to his convict ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
but all too many observers have been misled by this fact into minimizing the degree of change which took place in the early first millennium . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was proud of his accomplishments , proud of his job , proud that [FILTERED] and his associates trusted him . (Filtered Words: 1)
I have just asked these questions in the Pentagon , in the White House , in offices of key scientists across the country and aboard the submarines that prowl for months underwater , with neat rows of green launch tubes which contain Polaris missiles and which are affectionately known as `` Sherwood Forest '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Get my old man to bed early . (Filtered Words: 0)
These booze customers had until then been buying their supplies from the Sheldon , Saltis-McErlane , and Druggan-Lake gangs , and now they were competing for trade with the [FILTERED]-Capone saloons ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Electric power (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't try to be noble '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The baby can have an early nap . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American Registry Of Pathology (Filtered Words: 0)
What is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The 10.3-cm observation of Sloanaker was made on May 20 , 1958 , using the 84-foot reflector at the Maryland Point Observatory of the U. S. Naval Research Laboratory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mellow bronzy-green-gold fabrics and the gleam of copper and hand-crafted ceramic accessories reiterate the mood as does the [FILTERED] carpet in all wool loop pile . (Filtered Words: 1)
The entire headquarters collection is available to the patrons of all members on interlibrary loans . (Filtered Words: 0)
symphony orchestras , opera and ballet companies ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The experimental second moment Af conforms to the relation Af in agreement with theory . (Filtered Words: 0)
he could be subjected to law only because he agreed to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , in a fresh white dress and low-heeled white sandals , without socks , was out there with them , trying to get them inside . (Filtered Words: 1)
Prince Souvanna Phouma , leader of the nation's neutralists and recognized as Premier by the Communist bloc , and [FILTERED] , head of the pro-Communist [FILTERED] forces . (Filtered Words: 2)
Where were the hardships she had expected ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( Two years ago the photography editor of Vogue Magazine titled his article about Steichen , `` The World's Greatest Photographer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dried rumen bacteria . (Filtered Words: 0)
All the fine old stock was dying out , look at the world today . (Filtered Words: 0)
In thousands of school districts , indeed , in the entire State of Mississippi , no plaintiff has come forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was apparently the pioneer in her family because she had no close relatives in this country at that time . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's a large compartment in the forward cockpit for charts and other items . (Filtered Words: 0)
And as for his pipe , if he wanted to smoke one , nobody would stop him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In answer to The Crisis , Swift produced The Publick Spirit Of The [FILTERED] , his most extensive and bitter attack on his old friend . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fair Dealer Humphrey upped the ante , asked cloture power for a mere majority of Senators . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was losing patience again . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , because you didn't run off to use that new toothbrush '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wailing , guitar-strumming minstrels of the cattle kingdom made up songs about him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think you're wrong , Eddie '' , he said finally . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 300th anniversaries of Staten Island ( through Sept. 23 ) and of Mamaroneck , N.Y. ( through Sept. 24 ) will both include parades and pageants . (Filtered Words: 0)
To pick out particular numbers is something of a problem , but one or two identifiable items are too conspicuously excellent to be missed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The songs Sandburg sang often reminded listeners of songs of a kindred character they knew entirely or in fragments . (Filtered Words: 0)
The polyethylene cover reduced the oxygen transfer rate by 10 per cent , indicating that the maximum oxygen transfer is at the rotor rather than through the surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
The system itself is governed by a board of trustees , geographically representing its membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ultimate trail system will be of value primarily for recreation and wildlife utilization and fire protection . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has given considerable trouble at times and empties right into the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ruger learned that this was because the higher velocity achieved in a long barrel was upsetting the shape of the unjacketed revolver bullet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Picturing the south (Filtered Words: 0)
It is usually helpful to make a sketch map in the field , showing the size and location of the features of interest and to take photographs at the site . (Filtered Words: 0)
If cell Af is not an information cell we conclude that the i-th dictionary form is not in the text list . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had a word for everything , even for the rain that disrupted Wednesday night's `` Much Ado About Nothing '' opening the season of free theatre in Central Park . (Filtered Words: 1)
Additional records of slow growth have been omitted . (Filtered Words: 0)
The landlord had died . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe it's a good thing it happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Equations for rodding formulas are not complicated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The customer loses again (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a wiry , inscrutable , silent country boy from the red clay of rural Alabama , and he spoke with the broad drawl that others normally make fun of . (Filtered Words: 0)
Facilities inventory (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's one of the rules on transients . (Filtered Words: 0)
They married . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sherman laid great store by place captures . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is no spectator-type experience ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He dropped his earlier and delightful hamming , which is about the only way to handle the old war horse called `` [FILTERED]'s Aunt '' , and let himself go with as appealing an `` Amy '' as anybody could ask . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am not a prostitute , and I had only one very wealthy boy friend '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
America has divided more than she has united the West . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Easy does it , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was my desire to advise the membership of the Legion that the majority of polling places are on private property and , without an amendment to the law , we could not enforce this . (Filtered Words: 0)
The taxi driver taking the visitor from the airport remarks that politicians in the state are `` all the same '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had come here in order to test himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result is rather wonderful , but so rich as to be indigestible if taken in too thick slices . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the algae began to build up again , the effluent BOD rose . (Filtered Words: 0)
She went on : (Filtered Words: 0)
If Congress wants to displace the states from areas which they have customarily occupied , let it do so knowingly and explicitly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is chairman of this phase and she is getting an artistic assist from [FILTERED] , display director of Gimbel Brothers . (Filtered Words: 2)
Burial had taken place at night in the ground at the public crossroads under the gibbet , so that his enemies could not find his body and have it dug up and burned . (Filtered Words: 0)
( cf. Chapter 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
More important is the simple human point that all men suffer , and that it is a kind of anthropological-religious pride on the part of the Jew to believe that his suffering is more poignant than mine or anyone else's . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I told him , goddammit . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm glad to say there's none of that distraction in this `` Fiorello ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And he didn't , by a long shot ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In connection with our continuing development of new and more efficient mill machinery , a sounder U. S. income tax policy on depreciation of production equipment , enabling the mills to charge off the cost of new machines on a more realistic basis , could , if adopted , have favorable effects on [FILTERED]'s business in the next few years . (Filtered Words: 1)
Patience needed (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
To the extent that urban life contributes to the breakdown of the group patterns of residential isolation , to that extent it contributes directly to increased exogamy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I settled it tonight '' , he continued . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hello , [FILTERED] , how are you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` In August our dealers sold 13% more farm machinery than a year earlier and in September retail sales were 14% higher than last year '' , says [FILTERED] , farm equipment vice president of International Harvester Co. . (Filtered Words: 1)
he is not greatly frustrated , and he is not anomic ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When he needs money to buy something like , say , the Rolls-Royce he keeps near his vegetable patch , he takes a flyer in the sale of surplus army supplies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine came to the edge of the green jungle mist and stayed , as though debating whether to brave the sunlight . (Filtered Words: 0)
No adjustment needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blasphemous ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps things were even worse then . (Filtered Words: 0)
In time , these minor manifestations will multiply and effloresce , riddling you with frambesia , the king's evil , sheep rot , and clonic spasm , until your very existence becomes a burden and you cry out for release . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 (Filtered Words: 0)
He promised to take me . (Filtered Words: 0)
She walked back to the house and entered , feeling herself returning , sensing some kind of opportunity in the empty building . (Filtered Words: 0)
This first test is being leased for ten years but future projects will require at least 15 years . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no better way to waste time than trying to install a furnace in a finished Af closet . (Filtered Words: 0)
A useful by-product of this system is that the information necessary to set the gyro drift biases is available from the currents necessary to hold the system in level . (Filtered Words: 0)
At times we can say that it was the major factor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The writer never knew from week to week just where the section might be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most students of literature , whether they call themselves scholars or critics , are ready to argue that it is possible to understand literary works as well as to enjoy them . (Filtered Words: 0)
In view of these shortcomings in both the amount and the interpretation of survey-type findings on public opinion , and considering the criticisms which can be brought against Fromm's philosophical anthropology , such a passage as the following cannot be taken seriously . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has to have leadership as well as grades '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor could they stop and find out about all that had happened until they made circle , tended the cattle , tethered the horses , gathered fuel , carried water , and started their cooking fires . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are , of course , the same people whose support he has only now rejected to seek the independent vote . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where is he '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is extraordinary that a people as proud and warlike as Southerners should have been as docile as they have . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are particularly suitable for regions where water or rock is close to the surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
When all of the rinse water has passed from the reservoir to the tubs the main drains are lowered to permit complete draining of the tubs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The upstream gas temperature measured with the thermocouple shown in figure 2 was Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any event , it is an irreversible step , and if we are at all honest with ourselves , we will know we have no other alternative than to live in the world in which God has seen fit to place us . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I was deeply moved by his letter of resignation as rector of St. Luke's Church in Atlanta . (Filtered Words: 0)
A middle aged woman opened a window on the third floor of her house which was behind the wall , she threw out a few belongings and then jumped ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern postal slogan (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
It was in the midst of such White House deliberations that Premier [FILTERED] on May 4 made new inquiries through the U. S. Embassy in Moscow about a meeting with the President in the near future . (Filtered Words: 1)
A seeping coldness entered [FILTERED]'s being ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He smiled at her sincerity . (Filtered Words: 0)
he had no use any longer for exact time , even had the watch been running . (Filtered Words: 0)
He then sold her minerals to cure her kidney ailment , a can of sage `` to make her look like a girl again '' , and an application of plain mud to take her wrinkles away . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the standpoint of the army of duffers , however , this was easily the most heartening exhibition they had had since [FILTERED] fell upon evil ways during his heyday and scored an 11 in the Texas open . (Filtered Words: 1)
In working , always slip marker from one needle to another . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , in the end , we did . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's as good as gone '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , I reloaded my gun , as the other men were doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know this worked . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Both of you . (Filtered Words: 0)
This circumstance in the patient's case plus the fact that his tactual capacity remained basically in sound working order constitutes its exceptional value for the problem at hand since the evidence presented by the authors is overwhelming that , when the patient closed his eyes , he had absolutely no spatial ( that is , third-dimensional ) awareness whatsoever . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gun moved . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Costaggini had used up all the sketches thirty-six feet of empty frieze were left over . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , at the age of twenty-three , industriously calculating logarithms `` to two and fifty places '' during the great plague year in England , 1665 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
This cited Bang-Jensen's ' aberrant conduct ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cells were washed three times with saline , anti-human serum was added , the cells were resuspended , and the mixture was centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 min and examined for agglutination . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Albany Civic Opera's presentation of [FILTERED]'s immortal Il Sevigli del Spegititgninino , with guest contralto [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Surely there is nothing new about communism . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] knew the place . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since Election Day , Vice President [FILTERED] had virtually retired -- by his own wish -- from public view . (Filtered Words: 1)
Violet whinnied from the stable . (Filtered Words: 0)
a middle distance often containing the major motif ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Bellows made the request while the all-woman jury was out of the courtroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Specialty cooked items containing meat portions , as in `` frozen dinners '' might offer a potential use for radiopasteurization . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anything at all ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Hillsboro ( special ) (Filtered Words: 0)
To Africa , he sent his most trusted adviser , his brother , Attorney General [FILTERED] , on a good-will mission to the Ivory Coast . (Filtered Words: 1)
Naturally , he couched the provision in obscure language . (Filtered Words: 0)
The above discussion does not mean to imply that control factors were completely in abeyance in the Kohnstamm-positive subjects ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's a little contest [FILTERED] and I have '' , she would begin gaily , carrying the anecdote through a frothy and deceptive course . (Filtered Words: 1)
We will now speak of the ways in which it helped shape the ideals of the country and of the manner in which it stimulated efforts to attain those ideals through reform movements , through programmes for bringing the collective life to the nation to conformity to Christian standards , and through leaders in the government . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Listen ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
( See Chapter 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was as though he had made a pact with the devil himself , but it was not yet time to pay the price . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is also possible that some of the dust in the vicinity of the Earth originated from meteoritic impacts upon the moon . (Filtered Words: 0)
15 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Patterson Moos research (Filtered Words: 0)
The men's shops on Hanover's Main Street compare favorably with those in Princeton and New Haven . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Airedale Terrier Club of America and the Kerry Blue Terrier Club of America have under consideration donating trophies to the boys or girls who win with their breeds in Junior Showmanship Competition at any Show . (Filtered Words: 0)
It'll probably be at least an hour or two before I can check back with you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The central concern of [FILTERED] impressive volume called Mimesis is to describe the shift from a classic theory of imitation ( based upon a recognition of levels of truth ) to a Christian theory of imitation in which the levels are dissolved . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Hinckley Gin Supply Co. is a maker of `` overhead equipment '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He then launched into what the issues should be in the campaign . (Filtered Words: 0)
Use a textbook with assigned readings each week . (Filtered Words: 0)
of which one is deliberately willed or intended and the other not intended or not directly intended , but still both are done , while the evil effect is , with equal consciousness on the part of the agent , foreknown to be among the consequences . (Filtered Words: 0)
Increases gains , improves feed efficiency , and reduces losses from bacterial infections listed under `` How To Feed '' section . (Filtered Words: 0)
His unconcerned stroll down the side of the house to a pear tree , with crowds already gathering in front of the building and Sawyer guarding the side door , was odd . (Filtered Words: 0)
With leather cups fitted in his handlebars , he steered his bicycle . (Filtered Words: 0)
I called downstairs for food and a toothbrush for her . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose the reason is a kind of wishful thinking : don't talk about the final stages of Reconstruction and they will take care of themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Any luck '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Women's Recreation Association . (Filtered Words: 0)
The agreement gives us rights for manufacturing and marketing of such materials in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has directed a difficult play here , usually well , but with just a bit too much physical movement in the first act for my taste . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Didn't you have an old pair of painting overalls in the garage ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was filled with the spirit of the Fighting Seventh . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , a narrow strip may be very practical for small developments , or to provide additional stream frontage for a fisherman's trail , or include scenic strips within the park unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We're all God's creatures , aren't we '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You will walk some of the narrow , old streets , hemmed in by massive palazzi . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their world , again , was a still simple , traditional age which was only slowly beginning to appreciate the complexity of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Future clouded (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , after slowing the vessel considerably , the drive would adjust to a one-gee deceleration . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has arranged a campaign for governor . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] noted idly that it carried Miami Beach license plates as he approached , and then saw the flare of a match in the front seat as they passed , indicating that it was occupied . (Filtered Words: 1)
Resolved that , while we most decidedly disapprove the methods he adopted to accomplish his objects , yet in his willingness to die in aid of the great cause of human freedom , we still recognize the qualities of a noble nature and the exercise of a spirit which true men have always admired and which history never fails to honor . (Filtered Words: 0)
He campaigned successfully for the riddance of `` Death Avenue '' and also brought about the ending of pollution of metropolitan beaches by sewage . (Filtered Words: 0)
the something was the home run . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't know what goes on around here , and I don't care . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he had been busy building a business , being a big man in his own town just as he had been a big man at Hanford , Class of 1935 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy waited at the corner , with the jar of water held up to me in his hands , and the water had grown bubbly in the heat of the morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We the people of the Confederate States , each state acting in its sovereign and independent character , in order to form a permanent federal government , establish justice , insure domestic tranquility , and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity -- invoking the favor and the guidance of Almighty God -- do ordain and establish this Constitution for the Confederate States of America '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] had a strong liking for a story , any story which was to be had by means of much sleuthing or by roundabout methods . (Filtered Words: 1)
The pleura is extremely thin in type 2 and septa are absent . (Filtered Words: 0)
They might , for example , plot it exactly as is , or they might make ten day moving averages of it , or longer moving averages , or they might simply plot the ratio of odd-lot purchases to odd-lot sales . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll shore be needing ye both on the pull out o' the canyon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And you didn't see her much at [FILTERED] or anywhere , for John had drifted away from the gang . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nowhere before in [FILTERED]'s pages have we met such impassioned defenders of a `` quality of man '' which transcends the realm of politics and even the realm of action altogether -- both the action of [FILTERED]'s early anarchist-adventurers like Perken and [FILTERED] , and the self-sacrificing action of dedicated Communists like [FILTERED] and Katow in Man's Fate . (Filtered Words: 4)
He read [FILTERED] and used to pretend profundity through eye-beamings at people . (Filtered Words: 1)
Squeezing a look between [FILTERED]'s fat jowls and the car frame a handsome and still darkhaired lady inquired `` Y'all drahve '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
She'd also remember if the groom died later '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first worker bees do not mate or lay eggs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] was responsible for the report . (Filtered Words: 1)
Before leaving for America , he happened to see his old friend [FILTERED] and confided to him his new resolutions . (Filtered Words: 1)
They generally vote so as to serve their own constituency , and if the constituency should be solidly middle class or solidly lower class , they might be expected to vote and work for middle- or for lower-class interests in education . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a weakness of [FILTERED]'s analysis that he never seems to realize that his so-called fundamental law had already been cut loose from its foundations when it was adapted to democracy . (Filtered Words: 1)
The task of providing a reasonable level of military strength , without endangering other vital aspects of our security , is greatly complicated by the swift pace of scientific progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
An attempt to improve the life of the anodes or the efficiency of the plasma generators must , therefore , aim at a reduction of the anode loss . (Filtered Words: 0)
Goddamn it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He clutched the staff , and his dark eyes blinked apologetically . (Filtered Words: 0)
All operations now carried on at our plant at [FILTERED] will be transferred to Warwick . (Filtered Words: 1)
His thirteenth chapter includes many exciting accounts of huge serpents with prodigious strength , but these seem to be given to complete his picture , not to be believed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sugar and creamer : (Filtered Words: 0)
Her face was very thin , and burned by the sun until much of the skin was dead and peeling , the new skin under it red and angry . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was most unlikely that she would be firm . (Filtered Words: 0)
would certainly deny any connection between the two things , or any connection of either with murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
With Rex Stout's Nero Wolfe , alienation is represented on a purely physical plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her entrance in Scene 2 , Act 1 , brought some disconcerting applause even before she had sung a note . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can do likewise though Christ is not bodily present . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where to file . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now a dentist can recommend extraction immediately . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following is a less extreme example of dependence . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was no trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course the matter caught the public's attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boundless blue air was stretched over the zenith like the skin of a drum . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our data indicate that these students of today do basically accept the existing institutions of the society , and , in the face of the realities of complex and large-scale economic and political problems , make a wary and ambivalent delegation of trust to those who occupy positions of legitimized responsibility for coping with such collective concerns . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said , referring to the pretentious `` Jazz Concert '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the moment , Barco's back was to the road so he didn't see the detectives close in on his convertible which , in their quest for the stolen lap rug , they proceeded to search . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was intimidated by the stove . (Filtered Words: 0)
In war , on a night like this , it was only the outward emotions that mattered , what could be flung out into the darkness to damage others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing to fear (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] is a Fellow of the Foundation -- appointed thrice to assist his studies of [FILTERED] and of [FILTERED] -- and , before his appointment to the Foundation's executive staff , had been given our highest scholarly accolade , appointment to the Advisory Board . (Filtered Words: 3)
Then , Jesus indicated that God's forgiveness is unlimited . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] took to heart the advice given him by his legal mentor , [FILTERED] , to `` pursue the study of the law , rather than the gain of it '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Lord whistled tunelessly as he fought the steering wheel . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mild activity of his command during the sojourn of the troops at Valley Forge could be handled by a subordinate , he felt , so like [FILTERED] , equally loyal to Washington , who went to Boston at this time , [FILTERED] received permission to visit his home in Virginia for several weeks . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` So intricate , so beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Breathing -- electronically analyzed (Filtered Words: 0)
The only fact that holds any weight in the article is the result of the tea party . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the middle grades , however , he begins to participate more effectively in group activities such as selecting a leader , helping to make plans and carry on group activities , and setting up rules governing the enterprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
In her opening remarks Mrs. [FILTERED] also welcomed the Juniors and stated , `` There isn't any other show quite like [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The Introduction continues : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're too clean . (Filtered Words: 0)
It comes and goes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drawing upon the traditional discretion of the chancellor , Mr. Justice Holmes introduced a series of self-imposed judicial restraints that culminated in Mr. [FILTERED] famous doctrine of abstention . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Right '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Considering the state of the whole world , the cold war's three exposed fronts did not seem terribly ominous ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Multiple circuits , routings and frequencies make the chain as unbreakable as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
All subsequent measurements were made on material which had been heated to 375-degrees-C for one hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
This fiery swath was actually only a belt of minor planets , almost like the asteroid belt in the original Solar System . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] greeted him gravely , uneasy with misgivings at his visit . (Filtered Words: 1)
If this happens , there may be some class conflict in the South , with school boards and school teachers taking the middle-class position . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course she wasn't herself right now , but as her strength came back her spirits didn't seem to rise with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Forgive the hearts and flowers theme '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet was not fighting [FILTERED] now . (Filtered Words: 1)
He pretended that the lath was a tractor and he would drag it through the dirt and make buzzing , tractor sounds with his lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though they would produce some very memorable and lasting songs , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] were not given strong material to work on . (Filtered Words: 2)
Then , six weeks after the day Kitti first came into the office , Stanley announced he and Kitti were married . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the excitement following Lindbergh's flight to Paris earlier in 1927 , dare devil aviators overnight became legendary heroes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Please '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Are you hit '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But in any event , I submit that the power to depose belongs to Congress , not to this Court . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their conversation and dinner passed in a warm and friendly atmosphere '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another neighbor , Mrs. [FILTERED] , 2731 Pall Mall , Sterling Township , surprised [FILTERED] by coming to the home yesterday with $135 collected locally toward the $400 funeral costs . (Filtered Words: 2)
We were in a field , in a tight , screeching turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
When these chores were finished , only then , was she allowed whatever freedom she could find . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or even the way you run bases . (Filtered Words: 0)
This use is expected to increase to about 50 million visits by 1972 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' She was staring at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now I learn I cannot enter Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the fringe of the amused throng of white onlookers stood a young woman of remarkable beauty and poise . (Filtered Words: 0)
They grounded him ( over his protests -- not including his true reason for wanting to fly ) and put him in the Command offices . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drafted into the Austrian army , he rebelliously rejected discipline , wangled a Vienna billet , went on painting . (Filtered Words: 0)
The disadvantages to this method are that you may not have as great a choice of models readily available or you may have to wait a few days or , during the busy tourist season , when cars are in great demand , you might find it fairly difficult to get a car at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Secondly , a whole series of addresses and actions by the Pope and by others show that concern for Christian unity is still very much alive and growing within the Church . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the deep waters of the Pacific these waves reach a speed of 500 miles per hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You said a mouthful '' , Eugenia said grimly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even people . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The Providence Daily Journal , however , stated that [FILTERED]'s courage , bravery , and heroism `` in a good cause would make a man a martyr ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Washington ( UPI ) (Filtered Words: 0)
As if divining my thoughts , the girl Songau smiled warmly and said in the casual tone an American woman might use in describing her rose garden : (Filtered Words: 0)
You stay with the ladies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Incidentally , 14th Street and the Expressway is the high accident intersection during daylight hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , a major problem here is one of scale of processing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Once the figure was 30-30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
And while he had headed [FILTERED]'s anti-Communist section , the [FILTERED] regime did not disturb the Communists so much as more open opponents who were alleged to be Communists . (Filtered Words: 1)
the greater the range of choice , the greater the rate of change . (Filtered Words: 0)
time was not yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elections have figured prominently in nearly every government program and official address since independence . (Filtered Words: 0)
About 300 yards up the creek was a cluster of Mexican houses containing six rooms in the form of a square . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll wake up the whole building . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lincoln was sure that he would not be re-elected . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tale , he thought , would become less gay . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt very flattered to be included in the protection of their company even though I had nothing to be protected from . (Filtered Words: 0)
the aromatic sassafras nut of South America ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A veteran diplomat with an extraordinary knowledge of Russian language , history and literature , Kennan recalls how , at the time of [FILTERED]'s attack on the Soviet Union in 1941 , he penned a private note to a State Department official , expressing the hope that `` never would we associate ourselves with Russian purposes in the areas of eastern Europe beyond her own boundaries '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since he couldn't sleep anyway , he might as well stand their watches for them or write their reports . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The best condition of it would be an open conflict and rivalry of the diverse systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , in the third chapter of Matthew , verses 13-16 , describing the baptism of Jesus , the 1611 version reads : (Filtered Words: 0)
We are concerned not with the genus communism nor with other species of the genus : Platonic , Stoic , early Christian , monastic , canonist or theological communism ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It could have been [FILTERED] or [FILTERED] for the way it smelled . (Filtered Words: 2)
Chin up , Soapy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hughes would not comment on tax reforms or other issues in which the Republican candidates are involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most assuredly ideas are invaluable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not so soon , anyway . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the dirt highway was bordered on either side by a fairly deep drainage ditch , too broad to leap over unless you were an Olympic star . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the meeting , there was going to be a party at someone's house . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Some guys bothered me '' , [FILTERED] has said . (Filtered Words: 1)
The heat transfer to the anode is due to the following effects : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
But the tardiness of the administration in making the dedication has caused legislators to suspect the tax bill was related more directly to an over-all shortage of cash than to segregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is absurd of course to say that that one exclamation estranged me from the family I considered my very own , but there it hangs , a cooling void that broke our close connection with each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Samples zoomed into closeup range in regular succession , like telephone poles passing on the highway , while representative music reinforced the mood of the late teens and 1920's . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he thus achieves a lyrical , dreamlike , drugged intensity , he pays the price for his indulgence by producing work -- [FILTERED] `` Howl '' is a striking example of this tendency -- that is disoriented , Dionysian but without depth and without Apollonian control . (Filtered Words: 1)
The whole fucken sky's caved in ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s rifle cracked . (Filtered Words: 1)
The highest waves , 55 feet , occurred at Pololu Valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
Long-term trend of traffic on these roads seems clearly upward . (Filtered Words: 0)
you must have a list of requirements on where , how many , and what type sites are needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
If it were the enemy , tactically his position was correct . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Culturally induced social cohesion resulting from common norms and values internalized by members of the group '' is operative in the boundary maintenance of the group as well as in the process of socialization . (Filtered Words: 0)
If A-Z could buy Ticonderoga cheaply and use their presses and dies and other equipment , if [FILTERED] could hit precisely the right promotion note , if the money hurdle was not insurmountable . (Filtered Words: 1)
The child in the primary grades can play harmoniously with one companion , but his desire to be first in everything gets him into trouble when the group gets larger ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As the ungoverned days of the automobile and the airplane are long since relegated to the past , so is the carefree attitude toward what a boatman may and may not do ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The harder the choice , the more willing the league is to wade in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Illinois' Shawnee National Forest , Missouri's Iron County and the maples of Hiawatha , Kan. should be at their best in mid-October . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ludie chewed roofer's tar . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a secret . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hope for the future would lie in the natural longing of the human race for freedom and the right to develop '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
but when he passed us by , a musket roared , and he reared his horse , swung it around , and began to whip it back in the direction from which he had come . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the historian , pointed out to [FILTERED] that this was impossible . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] evolved a somber style of his own -- and he had few inhibitions about his subject matter . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I was afraid of this . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early in 1822 he was at Fort Garry offering to bring in pork , flour , liquor and tobacco . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wrote gay plays about the girls for family entertainments , like `` Oh , What Fun ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If doubtful about a steak , boldly cut it in half . (Filtered Words: 0)
In many cases it is not possible to divide the process into a finite number of discrete stages , since the state of the stream is transformed in a continuous manner through the process . (Filtered Words: 0)
A sonar or radar-type of pulse generator and time-delay measuring system is required for body-tissue evaluation . (Filtered Words: 0)
His head undulated gradually , covering space , to come straining beneath the taut belly within the warmth of those teats . (Filtered Words: 0)
his bride opened the store . (Filtered Words: 0)
Distances marked on the specimen in warp and filling directions ( or wales and courses for knitted fabrics ) are measured before and after laundering . (Filtered Words: 0)
He later told abolitionist [FILTERED] of the `` marked attention and civility '' with which the New Orleans gentlemen and the upriver planters greeted him . (Filtered Words: 1)
As an obvious consequence , obstacles to genuine interfaith communication have grown more formidable in one important area : relations between Christians and non-Christians in these lands . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the following week , six tons of hay belonging to one rancher were burned ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The decoration will be presented by [FILTERED] , Italian consul general in Boston , at a ceremony at 30 p.m. on Dec. 7 at the plant , which this year is celebrating its golden anniversary . (Filtered Words: 1)
The threadbare notion that belief , unlike behaviour , is not subject to objective analysis , has placed intuitive metaphysics squarely against the sociology of knowledge , since it is precisely the job of the sociology of knowledge to treat beliefs as social facts no less viable than social behaviour . (Filtered Words: 0)
She then went over them thoroughly giving each a strenuous test in showmanship . (Filtered Words: 0)
This applies to his picture of Adam . (Filtered Words: 0)
Skopas expressed no curiosity over the case , offered no expression of sympathy , made no move to escort McFeely to the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suggest the following twenty-first-century amendment : By moving the term `` Republic '' to lower case , substituting the modern phrase , `` move ahead '' for the stodgy `` keep '' , and by using the [FILTERED]'s name on every envelope ( in caps , of course , with the `` in spite '' as faded as possible ) , the slogan cannot fail . (Filtered Words: 1)
Assessment of value . (Filtered Words: 0)
U. S. willingness to accept a neutral Laos may have led Premier [FILTERED] to believe that other areas could be `` neutralized '' on Soviet terms . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Unless the oyabun has been working on it '' , he said , then checked himself and added : `` You can tell Kayabashi-san that the back road is in very good condition and will be quite safe for his party to use '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suspicion wasn't new to him at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was doing most of the talking . (Filtered Words: 1)
Is putting a rocket in orbit half so significant as the good news that God put His Son , Jesus Christ , on earth to live and die to save our hell-bound souls ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As you can count on me to do the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
My heart was not in it , but , oddly enough , it remains the most financially successful picture of my career . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part of it was the weather , so foggy it would take me twice as long to get to the hospital . (Filtered Words: 0)
Palfrey was also concerned about the question of what wage to pay for their labor throughout 1844 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never a `` quick study '' , he now made no attempt to learn his `` lines '' and many a mile of film was wasted , many a scene -- sometimes involving as many as a thousand fellow thespians -- was taken thirty , forty , fifty times because Miss [FILTERED]'s co-star and `` helpmate '' had never learned his part . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then it is replaced and fastened . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ekstrohm , you and I will have a look '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
For fifty years his guns and ham-like fists shot holes through and battered the daylights out of the enemies of law and order in the frontier towns of the West . (Filtered Words: 0)
The universe is a safe and permanent home . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the loudest clock in the whole world '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He wisely decided that it would be foolish to create a disturbance during the coming roundup , particularly since the Mexicans were on their guard . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was a lively part of the household . (Filtered Words: 1)
His English was limited , and the little he knew he found irritating . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it might give way shortly to another vexing issue -- that of finances in state government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Low-flying planes will spread a granular-type chemical , heptachlor , over 30,000 acres in Troup , 37,000 acres in Pierce and 65,000 acres in [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] counties . (Filtered Words: 2)
He seems to have at least a few 30- and 50-megaton bombs on hand , since we cannot assume that he has exploded his entire stock . (Filtered Words: 0)
But leave me alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Prokofieff forged his new clarity of `` lucid , straightforward music , so difficult to compose '' , he shaped his talents to his purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
I start growing rapidly and this calcium atom grows along with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Symposium , which was jointly sponsored by the American Institute of Physics , the Instrument Society of America , and the National Bureau of Standards , attracted nearly one thousand registrants , including many from abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , in deciding on the content and method of his teaching , does he favor a curriculum which will make his students stronger competitors in the race for higher economic status , or does he favor a curriculum which strengthens students in other ways ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Somehow the thought of a simple man bewildered by things no one had ever really helped him understand moved the driver . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am told that a mortar longer slaked might have remained longer in condition for painting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Treat them right and they'll make a showing every month in the year except the frigid ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
Billy decided to set an example by arresting one of the ranchers , named [FILTERED] , who lived at Rock Fort . (Filtered Words: 1)
Where I go , she goes -- and the kids with us . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
They are able to sit more patiently with what they have bought . (Filtered Words: 0)
or allowing survival of a dividend carryover to a personal holding company ( section 381(c)(14) ) , but not carryover of excess tax credits for foreign taxes ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When I returned to make my report , the [FILTERED] did not remember having sent me on the secret mission . (Filtered Words: 1)
It came up again and again in the discussion sessions . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was stripped , deloused and numbered by his guards , his much-thumbed sketchbook was seized and thrown on a pile of prisoners' goods to be confiscated . (Filtered Words: 0)
It shows what a beautiful city Newark will become and certainly make every [FILTERED] proud of this city . (Filtered Words: 1)
What otherwise could `` the lawyer , doctor , minister , the men of science and letters '' do when told that they had `` become the cherubim and seraphim and the three archangels who stood before the golden throne of the merchant , and continually cried , ' Holy , holy , holy is the Almighty Dollar ' `` ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Papa , I should emphasize , had been an invalid the last several years of his life ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Actual practice does not often work out this way . (Filtered Words: 0)
They include the Navy's Atlantic Command at Norfolk , Virginia , which is in contact with the Polaris subs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now I do not think their view will do . (Filtered Words: 0)
His movements and speech are precise , clear and quick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Austin , Texas (Filtered Words: 0)
He will frequently return to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girls seemed to spend half their time tiptoeing in `` to see if [FILTERED] was all right '' and they were too preoccupied to cook , much less be secretaries . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'm a stranger in paradise '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There had been more to know about [FILTERED] , inevitably , and most of it unfavorable . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cutting mechanism of cohesive failure (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus in Prokofieff the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics produced one of the great composers of the Twentieth Century . (Filtered Words: 0)
The number on the right of the symbol is always subtracted from the number on the left of the symbol . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had it all doped , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus Af where the maximization is over all admissible policies Af , and Af is related to Af by ( 5 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
This property refers to the greatest longitudinal stress or tension a material can endure without tearing apart . (Filtered Words: 0)
None of this is true for the Northerner . (Filtered Words: 0)
An electrostatic system suffers generally from image plane curvature leading to defocusing in the peripheral image region if a flat viewing screen ( or interstage coupler ) is utilized , while a magnetic system requires accurate adjustment of the solenoid , which is heavy and bulky . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Let's get out of here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , mathematically speaking , it was both functionally and symbolically the most important number in the entire diagram . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lavish use of presents had been effective in expanding the Indian trade of New France and Louisiana in the previous century , and the change in liberality aroused resentment in the minds of the red men . (Filtered Words: 0)
These vehicles , with large sensitive areas , have collected data for long enough times to give reliable impact rates for the periods of exposure . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I came into being , 15 years ago , I had one primary purpose : to help men and women everywhere to know God better , and through knowing Him better to become happier and more effective people . (Filtered Words: 0)
The father , by accident or perhaps to show , as he said , `` we mean business '' , took the and fired a slug between the legs of Second Officer [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
After two drinks containing alcohol , her arm flew upward very freely . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was to be no gunplay . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I switched on the lights for her to come and get the check , I had the exact change plus a dollar tip . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in the second subtype , which I take to be the one more frequently applied , only the operating expenses and not the `` cost of capital '' or `` fair return '' are apportioned directly among the various classes of service . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each conference should be concluded naturally with prayer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where an opportunity to enjoy boating has not been created by bringing bodies of water to the people , means have been found to take the people and their boats to the water . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Good figures should be kept in hand '' , she said , and walked away with an exaggerated wiggle . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was watching a tree ride wildly down that roiling current . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the volume standpoint , the total market represented by the sign industry is impressive . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the crassest kind of materialism and they , the Artists , would have no truck with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , the program for fleet modernization will be stepped up in 1961 causing an increase in expenditures . (Filtered Words: 0)
he wants to be with people , but he hasn't yet learned to cooperate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most important factor in determining what properties the end-product will have is quite naturally the type of hydroxyl-rich compound that is used in its production . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 1890's the Palace Hotel began serving an oyster dish named after its manager , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
If he does , it's still better than an even chance he won't notice the transposition of the numbers , and if he should notice it , the thing can be passed off as an honest mistake . (Filtered Words: 0)
The O'Dwyers were real religious people except for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The American Bishops assembled at the Third Plenary Council of Baltimore urged the Catholic people to read the Holy Bible . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has elevated sex -- not [FILTERED] or libido but pure , spontaneous , uninhibited sex -- to the rank of the godhead ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Although Pearson disbelieved almost everything [FILTERED] said , and read a sinister purpose into almost everything she did , he happily accepted her statement about [FILTERED] as the whole truth . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` The Germans in the fourth century were a very simple race , who comprehended little of natural laws , and who therefore referred phenomena they did not understand to supernatural intervention . (Filtered Words: 0)
It cannot , however , be referred to by electronic switch commands , e.g. , ESN , BSN , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
At 4 p.m. the President left the White House to welcome the young musicians , students from the ages of 12 to 18 who spend six weeks at the Brevard Music Center summer camp , and to greet the 325 crippled , cardiac and blind children from the District area who were special guests at the concert . (Filtered Words: 0)
Angrily Martin wished they had delayed the wedding and gone on a trip -- preferably one that lasted months -- instead of deciding not to postpone the date until he could get away . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he drove , he filled in [FILTERED] briefly on the events of the evening after leaving the reporter to go to the Peralta house , and on his own surmises . (Filtered Words: 1)
How do we define it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A chill wind in the air and the narrow streets packed with snow . (Filtered Words: 0)
I myself was fond of him but what a young woman half his age saw in him was a mystery to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone said that while we were standing here and arguing about it , the British would be gone ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Broiled out . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know nothing of any plot , if there is such a thing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A volunteer food brigade had been arranged , they told me , which would supply me with the necessities as long as I remained at the bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note extent of these interests and how available they will be for the public to enjoy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interview the bellboy and chambermaid who waited on [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` My , you're peaked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today Dogtown is the only deserted village in all New England that I know of . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , p , 3 , 2:01.1 , Great Lullwater 2:00.3 , and [FILTERED] , p , 2:05.1 have been in 2:30 ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
For cows , feed providing an intake of 0.1 milligram of [FILTERED] per pound of body weight daily aids in the reduction of bacterial diarrhea , in the prevention of foot rot , and in the reduction of losses due to respiratory infection ( infectious rhinotracheitis -- shipping fever complex ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mines need to be recognized as a major element in anti-submarine warfare employment , extended to deep water , and have their effective area per unit increased . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe , therefore , that we are without exception sinners , by nature alienated from God , and that Jesus Christ , the Son of God , came to earth , the representative Head of a new race , to die upon the cross and pay the penalty of the sin of the world , and that he who thus receives Christ as his personal [FILTERED] is `` born again '' spiritually , with new privileges , appetites , and affections , destined to live and grow in His likeness forever . (Filtered Words: 1)
But even so [FILTERED] could not give up her intellectual pursuits . (Filtered Words: 1)
The First Christian Church of Pampa was the setting for the wedding last Sunday of Miss [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , who will live at 8861 Gaston after a wedding trip to New Orleans , La. (Filtered Words: 2)
-- We won't be too long . (Filtered Words: 0)
Factors involved in the displacement formula are the bore diameter of the engine's cylinders , the length of the piston stroke , the number of cylinders in the engine , and a constant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Create a free market here , give us a sound , debt-free money system , and we'll compete with anyone , Europe and Asia combined . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would assign one of the rescue trucks to the Riverside section of the city and the other to the Rumford area . (Filtered Words: 0)
The CTCA distributed a khaki-bound songbook that provided the impetus for spirited renditions of the selections found therein , plus a number of others whose lyrics were more earthy -- from `` Johnny Get Your Gun '' to `` Keep The Home Fires Burning '' to `` Mademoiselle From Armentieres '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The transaction presumably would have qualified under section 368(a)(1) as a contractual reorganization , followed by a section 332 liquidation , but not under section 368(a)(1) as a statutory merger of consolidation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ran his eye along the roof copings ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no need here to spell out the conditions of creative teaching except to point out that , at the college level , the sense of community and of community responsibility is even more necessary than it is at other levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever land you can see here , from the North tip end of Elliott Key looking southward , belongs to someone -- people who have title to the land . (Filtered Words: 0)
Georgia's Department of Agriculture is intensifying its fire ant eradication program in an effort to stay ahead of the fast-spreading pest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Publisher of Crystal Structures is Interscience Publishers , 250 Fifth Avenue , New York 1 , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
All right , now I'll give you a hand '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , I insist , hard to define the [FILTERED] contribution to our political civilization because it is so massive and so widespread and so complicated , and because it goes so deep . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was sharpening his razor . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You'll get a job there . (Filtered Words: 0)
But subconsciously you've wanted him to conform to your mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reaching the house ahead of them , he waited with his Winchester in his hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
and ( 5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
And if he surrendered after raving at her . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was little enough time to contemplate them , however ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mayor [FILTERED] filed suit for divorce from his wife , [FILTERED] , in Fulton Superior Court Friday . (Filtered Words: 2)
In 1960 one-quarter of the 92.5 million recreation visits to the National Forests and Grasslands were for the primary purpose of hunting and fishing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , UN will march blindly on to certain defeat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within themselves , just as people , my friends were often tortured and unappeasably bitter about being the offspring of this unhappily unique-ingrown-screwedup breed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once more the fallacious equation is advanced to argue that since business is restricted under the anti-monopoly laws , there must be a corresponding restriction against labor unions : the law must treat everybody equally . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , it's all right , isn't it , Mother '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These items , and most of the others listed above , seem quite comparable to items whose right of survival is provided for in section 381 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took the pint bottle from my pocket and handed it over as I sat down beside him on the spread blanket . (Filtered Words: 0)
There , to the Evening Post , she emphatically denied the divorce rumors and explained that she had stayed behind because of the schooling of their son , which henceforth would be strictly American . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dallas , Tex. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , can't hold the han' of my love ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Beginners' guns , '61 (Filtered Words: 0)
Wisman , below , would listen in and act . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aside from the (Filtered Words: 0)
Numbers of registered persons in four age-and-sex classes were counted each year . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No problem at all '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The secretary sighed with relief and then the telephone clicked in Rector's hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
To a [FILTERED] , there was only one church . (Filtered Words: 1)
No person shall be referred to a position the filling of which will aid directly or indirectly in filling a job which ( 1 ) is vacant because the former occupant is on strike or is being locked out in the course of a labor dispute , or ( 2 ) the filling of which is an issue in a labor dispute . (Filtered Words: 0)
According to [FILTERED] study , [FILTERED] , the theater business in London had become a thriving enterprise by 1577 , and , in the opinion of many , a thoroughly bad business . (Filtered Words: 2)
It must be that son who sat before her now , shriveled to half his size and half his senses . (Filtered Words: 0)
In prison he had been able to sketch nothing but figures from life , his guards , his companions in misery . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s court bard sings of the encounters at Finnsburg ( lines 1068 - 1159 ) , and improvises the tale of Beowulf's exploits in a complimentary comparison of the Geatish visitor with Sigemund ( lines 871 - 892 ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
As for rebuilding , well , that might be looked into , but there was no hurry , no hurry at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a tour around the stacks , he found that the earliest volumes began on the left and progressed clockwise around the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spoke soothingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was almost as white as his teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
That after all his years of effort to become a composer , he should now , now when he was still stoutly replying to the critics of his Discourse on the Arts and Sciences , be so close to a success in music and have to reject it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several at the King [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Slice o' mutton , bhoy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The type of program desired can be determined by the nature and extent of the adjustments needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cleaned cloth must be protected against the redeposition of dispersed soil . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inherently incapable of cooperating with others , he ran his own show regardless of how many party-line Democratic toes he stepped on . (Filtered Words: 0)
( I didn't have on a hat . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What did you think about his mental state '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He must become more expressive of his own desires , more demanding and less ' understanding ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then again they would stand in circles making other preparations . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am resting today in His wonderful peace , (Filtered Words: 0)
If the German people favor such a settlement we should not oppose Germany following the example of Austria . (Filtered Words: 0)
Explains [FILTERED] : As the fatty protein molecules travel in the bloodstream , they are deposited in the intima , or inner wall of a coronary artery . (Filtered Words: 1)
The pressure within the ghetto causes the ghetto walls to expand , and this expansion is always violent . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the absence of a truly adequate conceptuality in which the gospel can be expressed , the unavoidable need to demythologize it makes use of whatever resources are at hand -- and this usually means one or another of the various forms of `` folk religion '' current in the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our major problem is what an enemy might accomplish in an initial attack on a target . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s paintings are anything but pleasant . (Filtered Words: 1)
The gunman nodded , slipping the picture into his breast pocket , saying nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
And `` Bravo , [FILTERED] , continue '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I called the station at three this morning '' , [FILTERED]'s nasal voice pronounced . (Filtered Words: 1)
This second conclusion , independently arrived at by independent study of material from two pairs of language families as different and remote from one another as these four are , cannot be ignored . (Filtered Words: 0)
These dosages could have been increased by increasing the source strength which was small in this case . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one would question such an errand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even now I will not intrude upon her except to state a few bare facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] fulfilled his assignment with grace , then went beyond the required `` sufficient declaration '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He gave me equivalent and even more detailed dope on [FILTERED] , including diagrams -- one of the apartment building [FILTERED] lived in and one of the apartment itself . (Filtered Words: 1)
And [FILTERED]'s or Virginia's reply : `` better . (Filtered Words: 1)
They had already lost most of their corn , she thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once , then -- for how many years or how few does not matter -- my world was bound round by fences , when I was too small to reach the apple tree bough , to twist my knee over it and pull myself up . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cried out to her , his back turned . (Filtered Words: 0)
her son was dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll get your pay in the morning '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in the next decades the nation needs to educate for the professions all the potential professional talent . (Filtered Words: 0)
He finished the worship service as if there had been no brazen attempt to dishonor God and man . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's past helping . (Filtered Words: 0)
a special fund created for that purpose pursuant to subsection ( A ) of this section any amounts hereafter paid , in United States dollars , by a foreign government which has entered into a claims settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection ( A ) of Section 4 of this Title . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was dozing , perhaps the only sleep he'd gotten . (Filtered Words: 0)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
If the indenture is accepted , the authority will proceed to validate a bond issue repayable from revenue . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s interests . (Filtered Words: 1)
A final class of exceptional lines is identifiable from the following considerations : Since no two generators of Af can intersect , it follows that their image curves can have no free intersections . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps present writers hypnotically cling to the older order because they consider it useful and reliable through repeated testings over the decades . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he declaimed the sonorous measures , it was as much as [FILTERED] could do to restrain herself from bursting out with her dramatic tidings . (Filtered Words: 1)
I might struggle in for a jury . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the result of it all was , E.G.T. partner [FILTERED] believes , an effective distribution of the stock to owners all over the nation . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a fine broody hen , white , with a maternal eye and a striking abundance of feathers in the under region of the abdomen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Songs from China and Japan were reserved exclusively for Miss [FILTERED] , who is a native of China , and those of the British Isles were sung by Mr. [FILTERED] , who is English by birth . (Filtered Words: 2)
legs to produce motion and rate of speed . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was a living doll and no mistake -- the blue-black bang , the wide cheekbones , olive-flushed , that betrayed the Cherokee strain in her Midwestern lineage , and the mouth whose only fault , in the novelist's carping phrase , was that the lower lip was a trifle too voluptuous . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the subsequent analysis of characteristics is reported only for the de jure population ( or , in some districts , only the de facto population ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is strange ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
he went to the window and choked there with the fresh breeze on his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eventually , rupture occurs along the shear plane ( 9e ) , and the cycle repeats itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Uniconer (Filtered Words: 0)
Equally a master of prose and verse , he recreates the glory of Sweden in the past and continues it into the present . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went to the front door and opened it and looked in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since her bereavement this individual has reported to the writer on numerous occasions about how helpful the class discussions were to her in this adjustment crisis . (Filtered Words: 0)
A smile pulled at the lower strip of adhesive tape . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Russians use gymnastics as the first step in training for all other sports because it provides training in every basic quality except one , endurance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The project is currently supported by Harvard University . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked , uneasy at the gravity of the girl's dilemma . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was worried . (Filtered Words: 1)
Basic pottery studio equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , it could screen its own infantry from the sight of the enemy . (Filtered Words: 0)
What does he feed his SMU football mastodons at the training table ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems that for Persia , and especially for this city , there are only two times : the glorious past and the corrupt , depressing , sterile present . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make up your mind to pool your resources and get the most out of your remaining years of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the basis of this careful reading , Thompson frequently gave a clear , complete , and interesting description of a prose work or chose effective quotations to illustrate his discussions of poetry . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thrust forward through the shadows and the trees that resisted her and tried to fling her back . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , [FILTERED] , subsequently convicted of perjury in denying that he gave secret State Department documents to Soviet agents , was at Yalta . (Filtered Words: 1)
If you have an annual or regular physical examination program , is it worth what it is costing you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's your headache . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was [FILTERED] , a widow of good repute who was employed by [FILTERED]'s wife and lived with the family . (Filtered Words: 2)
No house was ever built that could not have been built better for less if the work had been better planned and the work better scheduled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why it was ever forgotten for even a moment I cannot say because it works perfectly for everyone , no matter whether he has short or long thigh-bone lengths ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
That place is crawling with [FILTERED] and his gang '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was fatherly in his handling of all subjects with me and tremendously wise in his counsel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Comprised of 16 triangular trans-illuminated plastic sections , it makes it possible to combine three different signs in a single unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
There wasn't anything of special interest that morning , no one sicker than they should have been . (Filtered Words: 0)
My movement did frighten the snake and it raised its head and trailed delicately a couple of feet and stopped again , and its tongue was working very rapidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , as a matter of fact , [FILTERED] had slept in the park only part of one night , when he discovered that Munich's early mornings even in summer are laden with dew . (Filtered Words: 1)
The appeal of the suburb is particularly strong for heavy industry , which must move bulky objects along a lengthy assembly line and wants enough land area to do the entire job on one floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
When payment is due . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again the homely , everyday details of daily living refuted a vicious attempt to frighten her -- or to murder her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never forget that a chain is only as strong as its weakest link . (Filtered Words: 0)
there he could shave and scrub himself up for the evening . (Filtered Words: 0)
G . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , the 1938-39 rules adopted these hours as limitations upon the operation of daytime stations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet the men all moved at the same instant . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's authenticity '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The scant flesh grew cool beneath her frantic hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
The music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra , [FILTERED] , has molded his group into a prominent musical organization , which is his life . (Filtered Words: 1)
My great-grandmother , I have been told , made her garden her great pride ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Lying in the grass behind the brush clump , Warren looked about . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sat down on an old box and focused on the problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
carcinoma of prostate ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Another result is that buyers are tending to bid up the prices of these tax-exempt bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
They hope that if history vouchsafes the West another Budapest , we will receive the opportunity gladly . (Filtered Words: 0)
That any sort of duty was owed by his nation to other nations would have astonished a nineteenth-century statesman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conrad's words had intellectual meaning for him only . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. Louis sits in the center of a relatively slow-growing and in some places stagnant mid-continent region . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll never forget one time I struck out three times , dropped a fly ball , and we lost the game . (Filtered Words: 0)
The day following his intervention the palace issued a statement reassuring the citizens that `` the possibility of introducing appeals concerning the establishment of electoral lists , lists of candidates and finally the holding of the consultation itself '' would be supported by the King himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I paint the nothing '' , he said once to [FILTERED] and myself , `` the nothing that is behind the something , the inexpressible , unpaintable ' tick ' in the unconscious , the ' spirit ' of the moment resting forever , suspended like a huge balloon , in non-time '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I shall call your father ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The 1946 town meeting voted to have the Selectmen appoint a committee to investigate and report on the feasibility of some system of sewage disposal and a disposal plant to serve Manchester Center , Depot , and Way's Lane . (Filtered Words: 0)
You might need it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jury further said in term-end presentments that the City Executive Committee , which had over-all charge of the election , `` deserves the praise and thanks of the City of Atlanta '' for the manner in which the election was conducted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The group known as the American Association for Health , , Physical Education , and Recreation ( a division of the National Education Association ) initiated a conference which brought together representatives of the National Rifle Association , SAAMI and the American Fishing Tackle Manufacturers . (Filtered Words: 0)
You're going to listen '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
These will serve as lifting pads for the electrical contacts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two of them against the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The brush moves up and down and is small enough to clean every dental surface , including the back of the teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
This help is offered to applicants who ordinarily would not undertake the exploration under present conditions or circumstances at their sole expense and who are unable to obtain funds from commercial sources on reasonable terms . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this seems to me untrue . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got to his feet and threw the flashlight beam into the pit . (Filtered Words: 0)
According to the latest projections of the Bureau of the Census , the annual rate of household formations will increase for the next 20 years . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All you have to do , [FILTERED] dear , is to phone on your arrival . (Filtered Words: 1)
Contrary to these expectations we have found it impossible to obtain the degree of reproducibility one would wish , even with extensive efforts to prepare especially pure reagents . (Filtered Words: 0)
( D ) (Filtered Words: 0)
At once upon his arrival , he telephoned [FILTERED] who invited them to tea , and then [FILTERED] decided to give a party as a quick way of rounding up his friends . (Filtered Words: 2)
It might have rained , any time ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Highway Department source told The Constitution , however , that Vandiver has not been consulted yet about the plans to issue the new rural roads bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's good for cutting all the planking because it cuts with a bit-like blade at high rpm and does not chatter the plywood like a saber saw . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've nothing for you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither [FILTERED] nor [FILTERED] need fear being classified an intellectual , but lately [FILTERED] has shown unusual devotion to an intellectual opus , [FILTERED] `` Tropic of Cancer '' . (Filtered Words: 3)
Well you can pose inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
We would have the means to seek out and destroy the enemy's force -- whether it were fixed or mobile . (Filtered Words: 0)
As President , [FILTERED] often assumed a role aloof from the strife of partisan politics . (Filtered Words: 1)
For no particular reason , other than that the writer felt it might -- just might -- encourage both mates to be in attendance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Trustees of the Foundation appointed Dr. [FILTERED] to that position with the stated expectation that he would succeed the present Secretary General upon the latter's eventual retirement . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was coming toward him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quint couldn't blame [FILTERED] for disbelieving . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mussorgsky frequently uses liturgical music with considerable dramatic force . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , you may pay too much for the farm and get nothing for your labor . (Filtered Words: 0)
And put water on to boil and then searched through the icebox . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't touched her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Preparation and pretest of the questionnaire (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead they learn their dissection on the bulbs of plants . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the fifth , Wally Post slashed a 2-run homer off [FILTERED] , but by that time the score was 11-5 and it really didn't matter . (Filtered Words: 1)
She's just the other side of that bush '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
At the Dumont , a guest had come in a collapsible wheel chair . (Filtered Words: 0)
The potters of the Aegean islands thus stood apart from those of the mainland , and in Greece itself Argive , Corinthian , Attic , Boeotian , and other Geometric sequences have each their own hallmarks . (Filtered Words: 0)
We note that two such curves C and Af , cannot coincide at more than a finite number of points ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
No other visitor inquired for her that evening . (Filtered Words: 0)
Time to go , I supposed . (Filtered Words: 0)
You spent $800 for his support . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] assembled a witty and explicit score for `` An American Journey '' , and [FILTERED] gave it sprightly imaginative costumes . (Filtered Words: 2)
Observing their distressing condition , Colonel [FILTERED] allowed these half-starved immigrants to settle on the military reservation . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was gone all day now , not coming in for dinner and sometimes not for supper . (Filtered Words: 1)
they would have to buy things for her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence , the Af factor for the output fiber coupler is Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the prepolymer system , the isocyanate and resin are mixed anhydrously and no foaming occurs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Science has simply left us helpless and powerless in this important sector of our lives . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , it is an important link in the plot , giving us a revealing glimpse of the people's attitude toward [FILTERED] and the false [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Thus , the study of the solutions to the equation Af is reduced to the study of the space of solutions of a differential equation of the form Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Unless the oyabun has been working on it '' , he said , then checked himself and added : `` You can tell Kayabashi-san that the back road is in very good condition and will be quite safe for his party to use '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
People who take us for suckers are like the [FILTERED] who had on exhibit his superior marksmanship in the form of a number of bull's-eye achievements . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is proposed that in the future complete sampling censuses be carried out at five-year intervals . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a week of precarious uphill landings and downwind takeoffs , Fogg one day looked down at the shattered yellow wreckage of an Army plane strewn across snow-covered Towne field . (Filtered Words: 0)
Electrical pickoffs . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are huge areas which have been swept by winds for so many centuries that there is no soil left , but only deep bare ridges fifty or sixty yards apart with ravines between them thirty or forty feet deep and the only thing that moves is a scuttling layer of sand . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was conscious of a growing sense of absurdity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experiments carried out over long periods of time in order to allow establishment of a steady state have shown that the onset of contraction and its completion are confined to an interval of several degrees Centigrade and to a concentration range of only several per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
I want , therefore , to discuss a second and quite different fruit of science , the connection between scientific understanding and fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every day , when the President took his nap , [FILTERED] would stretch out on the window seat near him , like a perfect gentleman , and stare thoughtfully out the window , or he would take a little nap himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Nobody really expects to evacuate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some Catholic priests lecture there ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They ran across Mr. [FILTERED] and the youngster expressed a desire to get the Speaker's autograph . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Government will help in transferring companies and workers into new lines , where modernization doesn't seem feasible . (Filtered Words: 0)
The continuities , contrasts , and similarities discernible when past and present are surveyed together are inexhaustible and the one is often understood through the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry I haven't got a glass '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Riding trains , hitching hikes on trucks across Germany , slipping through guarded frontiers with the help of secret guides , he eventually reached [FILTERED] , and , by the winter of 1943 , was back in Virginia . (Filtered Words: 1)
The historian need not be concerned with the philosophical problems suggested by religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a curse , [FILTERED] seized the thing nearest , a glass sugar container with a spouted metal top , and threw it against the wall opposite . (Filtered Words: 1)
Their appearance , next spring , coincides in an almost uncanny way with the flowering of their host plants . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was applied with a compost shredder made from a converted manure spreader . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mobile forces are required to localize and attack detected targets , since the systems are not capable of pinpointing a target . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men who speculate on these institutions have , for the most part , come to at least one common conclusion : that many of the great enterprises and associations around which our democracy is formed are in themselves autocratic in nature , and possessed of power which can be used to frustrate the citizen who is trying to assert his individuality in the modern world '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he backed out and swung around to the front drive . (Filtered Words: 0)
That way I don't lose so much '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Juniors who attend this Chicago show should make a point to enter this Class as it would be of great help to them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could be scramble (Filtered Words: 0)
I think we need to concern ourselves also with the timeliness of action . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe you will surprise yourself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The death of Mr. [FILTERED] removes the United Nations' most controversial leader . (Filtered Words: 1)
Other allies consulted (Filtered Words: 0)
The suitcases had come while they were out , and had been put in their room , the concierge said . (Filtered Words: 0)
A pleasant start to your midwestern vacation is a few days spent in cosmopolitan Chicago . (Filtered Words: 0)
( D ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Emptied the bottle . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was past midnight and we were in bed when the phone rang . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked me . (Filtered Words: 1)
Their autumn tints are all fairly low keyed compared with the fiery stabs of crimson , gold , purple , bronze , blue and vermilion that flame up in North America . (Filtered Words: 0)
One day Alfred told him that he had decided to leave everything to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The villains of the piece are those who deny job opportunities to these youngsters , and Dr. [FILTERED] accuses employers and labor unions alike . (Filtered Words: 1)
The mare had backed away . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is no use . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the closing aircraft showed no sign of deviating from their original course . (Filtered Words: 0)
If she were not at home , Mama would see to it that a fresh white rose was there . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where did you gather all this information , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Relationship of Anxiety to compulsivity (Filtered Words: 0)
It was then that they heard the tread of one descending and , in some perturbation glancing up , saw the patronne coming towards them as they gained the landing . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , I confess my hope that I will be innocent again , not with a pristine , accidental innocence , but rather with an innocence achieved by the slow cutting away of the flesh to reach the bone . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a lengthy workout yesterday , an open date , Hemus said that [FILTERED] definitely would stay in the lineup . (Filtered Words: 1)
Athletics (Filtered Words: 0)
When she was finished she pushed it back . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then it is a matter of pleasure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Others mentioned that I might have had to ask friends or even strangers for help and that to be stranded in a foreign country without sufficient funds did not contribute to international understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thin gray figures raised a hoarse , cawing cry like the call of a bird flock . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` On trial in Jakarta for having flown for the Indonesian anti-Communist insurgents , U.S. pilot [FILTERED] boldly told the court that in supporting the freedom fighters , he was actually defending the sovereignty and independence of Indonesia . (Filtered Words: 1)
Without saying or seeming to say that in portraying the Sartoris and the Compson families [FILTERED]'s chief concern is social criticism , we can say nevertheless that through those families he dramatizes his comment on the planter dynasties as they have existed since the decades before the Civil War . (Filtered Words: 1)
Per capita consumption remains around 16 pounds in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no use wandering off into a territory of utter nightmare . (Filtered Words: 0)
The German courteously indicated that [FILTERED] should mount first . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is a war to stay out of today , especially in view of the fact that President [FILTERED] apparently does not want United States troops . (Filtered Words: 1)
To summarize , it may be said that there is no one prevailing practice in Rhode Island with respect to the taxation of movable property , that assessors would like to see an improvement , and of those who have an opinion , that assessment by the town of location is preferred on the basis of their present knowledge . (Filtered Words: 0)
From this time on [FILTERED] proceeded to find his deeper self . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- On the basis of a differentiability assumption in function space , it is possible to prove that , for materials having the property that the stress is given by a functional of the history of the deformation gradients , the classical theory of infinitesimal viscoelasticity is valid when the deformation has been infinitesimal for all times in the past . (Filtered Words: 0)
Opera lovers will be interested to learn that this church was the scene for the first act of Tosca . (Filtered Words: 0)
the complete , in the latter part . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make them show their hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
In or out , should I kiss her goodnight ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hurry up , we're late '' , he said , noticing with a chill how gray the sky was this morning , the fog like a rope along the horizon , the choppy waves sending off sheets of blue and [FILTERED] green . (Filtered Words: 1)
The activities of the Planning Division are defined in considerable detail in the enabling act of the Development Council , which assigns to the agency both broad responsibilities and specific duties in the field of planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thermal conductivity and temperature resistance : (Filtered Words: 0)
If you have a planting of half an acre or more you may want to buy a small garden tractor ( available for $300 to $500 with attachments , 1960 prices ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tracking down Mrs. [FILTERED] was like trying to catch up with Paul Revere between Lexington and Concord . (Filtered Words: 1)
Therefore , because reduction in tasks results in reduction of forces required , the plan should provide for expanding area coverage . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] investigator last summer and now it's Inspector Jed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Add enough warmed cream , seasoned to taste with onion juice , to about half cover the chicken breasts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Up until that time it had been possible to make cutters for making gear teeth , but they were good for only one sharpening . (Filtered Words: 0)
For ' God had not rained ' , says the Scripture , before man was made , and there was no man to till the earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , I thought you'd probably be up . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' He wrote . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anta , his wife , never seemed to mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the railroads , for example , regularly slaughtered 25,000 passengers each year , the high priests of the cult would have cause to tremble for their personal safety , for such a holocaust would excite demands for the hanging of every railroad president in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
Changing his clothes , he put on his dark-blue flannel suit , and laid away the gray jacket with the feeling that he might be putting it aside for good . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the second and third chapters of Revelation the new version retains , however , the old phrase `` angel of the church '' which Biblical scholars have previously interpreted as meaning bishop . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know it and I'll tell everybody exactly how it happened '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I wasn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
Barton caught the lighter man's shoulder and swung him around . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Marsh called to his aide and the pair rode off down the River Road where the gentians burned blue , [FILTERED] was shaken and trying not to cry . (Filtered Words: 1)
shaping the contours of life to fit the needs of legends . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when some of the squeals had subsided and she had been through one of those sessions that are so indispensable to the young female -- six girls sprawled on one bed , drinking Cokes and giggling -- she came back to the kitchen to talk with me a minute . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was limp and beaten from her loss ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The rule of economic integration in congregational life can be seen in the missionary outreach of the major denominations . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are the boards over the window , of course , but they're not painted and too rough to take prints . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you mean '' -- he asked almost shyly -- `` you want me to go with you , wherever you're goin '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Hebrews 14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of its features attractive to the West is its irreverence for tradition and dogma and for sacred texts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Greatest thing that ever happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
The travel time of sound in tissue is about 1500 meters per second ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a sort of Gotterdammerung affair . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` He's just heard from the pathologist who says Mrs. [FILTERED] apparently died from suffocation '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] had been to school with her someplace near Baltimore and tried to explain rather than defend her to the gang having lunch at Horne's . (Filtered Words: 1)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
I supported Cleveland three times and [FILTERED] twice . (Filtered Words: 1)
The large acreage in the Southwest Redevelopment area beckons white people -- what with high-priced town houses and elevator apartments . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was thoroughly startled '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His nose up . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in short order the croupier had pushed several million francs her way . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know about that . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am certain that [FILTERED] will not fall into the same sad philosophy . (Filtered Words: 1)
The volume was completed in 1950 and published in 1951 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't try to wrestle a 400-lb. tub Af through a narrow doorway . (Filtered Words: 0)
The governor and his retinue thoughtfully brought with them a glorious silver punchbowl which is still one of the cherished possessions of the college . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dirty , discolored buildings looked boarded up , and their few windows stood high above our heads . (Filtered Words: 0)
It took him about fifteen minutes to calm himself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And he really feels that way , she thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had apparently been alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Opinion is less individual or runs more into masses , and often rules with a rod of iron '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nature of the new birth (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most delightful spots in a southern tour is the city of New Orleans . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Big Stone Lake near the headwaters of the Red River , [FILTERED] , Superintendent of the Western Indian Department of Canada , had a trading post and planned in 1818 to build a fort to be defended by twenty men and two small artillery pieces . (Filtered Words: 1)
She's fat '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Along with this self-satisfaction , however , [FILTERED] sensed a growing tension . (Filtered Words: 1)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is brought to packing houses , cleaned and graded as to size and quality , and packed in protective excelsior . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just six weeks after [FILTERED]'s arrival at the mansion , the little surgeon and his svelte young wife gave their annual open house and ball , to which only New Orleans' oldest and wealthiest families were invited . (Filtered Words: 1)
I tested it in my scoped S & W and it was good enough to allow me to hit a chuck with every shot at 100 yards if I did my part by holding the handgun steadily . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tends to underestimate -- or perhaps to view charitably -- the brutality and the violence of the age , so that there is an idyllic quality in these pages which hazes over some of its sharp reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
True ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
General [FILTERED] may have been the victim of false information in the instance reported in this book ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Means tried her first . (Filtered Words: 0)
As with the penultimate [FILTERED] release ( Wolff's abridgment for RCA Victor ) I find the cleaner , less razor-edged monophonic version , for all its lack of big-stage spaciousness , the more aurally tolerable -- but this may be the result of processing defects in my SD copies . (Filtered Words: 1)
Do build a wall of glowing coals six to eight inches in front of meat that is barbecued on an electric spit . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no use at all in trying to follow it dance by dance and title by title , for it has a kind of nonstop format , and moves along in an admirable continuity that demands no pauses for identification . (Filtered Words: 0)
at last , alarm . (Filtered Words: 0)
The public's identification of [FILTERED] and the guitar is no happenstance . (Filtered Words: 1)
He pulled out one of them and cocked it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You know , this hits in many areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the end , [FILTERED] and Braque plumped for the representational , and it would seem they did so deliberately . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1960 more than 6,000 Communist technicians were present in those countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was interrupted . (Filtered Words: 0)
And though in his later years he revised his poems many times , the revisions did not alter the essential nature of the style which he had established before he was thirty ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Word of [FILTERED] death in an African plane crash has sent a shockwave around the globe . (Filtered Words: 1)
We want no part in such discussions , because we think them largely futile ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] might well have been included , he felt . (Filtered Words: 1)
They bore down on him . (Filtered Words: 0)
What I am here to do is to report on the gyrations of the struggle -- a struggle that amounts to self-redefinition -- to see if we can predict its future course . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever satisfaction that might offer . (Filtered Words: 0)
She went on : (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a dismal , drizzly day but a good one on which to score over the Augusta National course . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get a bucket line going '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Two criticisms of this generally admirable and fascinating book involve the treatment of wartime diplomacy which is jagged at the edges -- there is no mention of the Potsdam Conference or the Morgenthau Plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
The effect of device and quantum noise , associated with such low input levels , will be described . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Aristide ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Feed at level of 70 milligrams per head per day . (Filtered Words: 0)
She puffed on the cigarette slowly , sitting slumped against the back seat ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But now [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
My name's [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He always did when people asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vince swore again . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Say that again '' , she pleaded . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knelt down at his bed as long as he could kneel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take away [FILTERED] statue . (Filtered Words: 1)
But in any event , I submit that the power to depose belongs to Congress , not to this Court . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the brief were Solicitor General Rankin , Assistant Attorney General [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and J. F. Bishop . (Filtered Words: 2)
To this day the Atomic Energy Commission shies away from discussing the health aspects of fallout . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bring along the conventional ones -- catsup , pickle relish , mustard , mayonnaise -- plus a few extras , such as tangy barbecue sauce , chive cream cheese , or horse-radish for the brave ones in the crowd . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of this , examples are legion : Pericles speaking his funeral oration in [FILTERED] extremity after Thermopylae and making it a testament of freedom ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He had been a friend of the Hardings , and continued to be invited by the Coolidges . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than the fans of Pagnol's old films and of their heroic star , the great Raimu , were looking askance at the project . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] played well and his favorite song was a [FILTERED] lullaby . (Filtered Words: 2)
I didn't want to be like that , mean and bitter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he took off his wet boots and dropped down into the water to talk with the beasts , needing their comfort more than they needed his . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several times in my youth I voted the Socialist ticket , but less because I was Socialist than because I was not either a Republican or a Democrat , and I voted for [FILTERED] every time he was a candidate . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Tee-wah '' , the driver cackled , his black eyes glittering behind dull silver chicken fencing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He emphasized to the Presiding Elder the plan of giving up the old church and moving across the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
In March , 1931 , 22 out of 28 members of a committee of the Federal Council of Churches ratified artificial methods of birth control . (Filtered Words: 0)
U.S. `` prestige '' (Filtered Words: 0)
One of Mrs. [FILTERED]'s initial concerns as First Lady was the sad state of the furnishings in a building which is supposed to be a national shrine . (Filtered Words: 1)
Really , he said to himself , nobody kills a man just as a favor ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Stalling : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You have made the labor worth while '' , he said to her , smiling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poetry in Persian life is far more than a common ground on which -- in a society deeply fissured by antagonisms -- all may stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sister '' , said he `` do you think people who commit suicide go to heaven '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Would you advise us to act the same way ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
First I've got to intercept my brothers before they get any deeper into trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's worse inside '' , Thornburg informed [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Orders not written down had to be transmitted to the local provincial government . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second two pieces lap over the inner member of the keelson and butt against the outer member . (Filtered Words: 0)
With good reason it appeared that a new day was upon divided Christendom . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is my studied conviction that no nation will ever risk general war against us unless we should become so foolish as to neglect the defense forces we now so powerfully support . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drifting here and there . (Filtered Words: 0)
How many women had longed for the privilege that was hers . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was curious about the impact of this political assassination on Negroes in Harlem , for [FILTERED] had -- has -- captured the popular imagination there . (Filtered Words: 1)
Observations of the radio emission of a planet which has an extensive atmosphere will probe the atmosphere to a greater extent than those using shorter wave lengths and should in some cases give otherwise unobtainable information about the characteristics of the solid surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
But such cases were , in the past , unusual . (Filtered Words: 0)
She experienced none of the suspense of some poor stranger selling encyclopedias . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` E. B. '' compared [FILTERED] to Moses in that they were both acting to deliver millions from oppression . (Filtered Words: 1)
When the cloth dried and stiffened , he saw what adjustments had to be made . (Filtered Words: 0)
The expression was his trade-mark , his open sesame to good luck , and his prayer that pilot and plane would always return . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only means of interior light is the twenty-nine-foot-wide aperture in the stupendous dome . (Filtered Words: 0)
I drew back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , it's far too early in the day for corny lines like the bigger they come You've had your gassy lecture , let's get to work . (Filtered Words: 0)
They range from an eight-foot pram , which you can build yourself for less than $50 , to auxiliary sailboats which can cost over $100,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , with the solicitude of a middle-aged woman for her only child . (Filtered Words: 0)
soloists ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The white men died . (Filtered Words: 0)
and I knew they knew it , for I'd told them a lot of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
I lived in a state of suspense because of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does Lincoln Mills suggest that if Congress granted jurisdiction over interstate divorce cases , the federal courts would be authorized to fashion a national law for the dissolution of marriages ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It reappears , in whole or part , whenever a new crisis exposes the reality : in Cuba last spring ( with which the Dominican events of last month should be paired ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Physiological experiments and clinical observations have shown that these procedures influence the hypothalamically controlled hypophyseal secretions and increase sympathetic discharges . (Filtered Words: 0)
not long ago `` Denver Mud '' was most popular . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , the Commission has recognized that an optimum allocation pattern for one frequency does not necessarily represent the best pattern for other frequencies , and has assigned different frequencies for use by different classes of stations . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was bent over his desk , drafting a legal paper by the light of a candle . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Banks for Cooperatives were established to provide a permanent source of credit on a sound basis for farmers' cooperatives . (Filtered Words: 0)
Things like that would increase rather than be done away with . (Filtered Words: 0)
Providing good customer service requires as thorough a marketing and general management planning job as the original selling of the product . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , `` My dear , do you know what [FILTERED] is '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
I regret that Bertha Madeira ( Today's `` Voice '' ) obtained incorrect information . (Filtered Words: 0)
Roberta glanced up at her husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why not '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The warped , broken trees in the valley assumed wraith-like shapes . (Filtered Words: 0)
When we consider the disorganized state of the world community , and the legacy of predispositions adversely directed against all who are identified as Jews , it is obvious that the struggle for the minds and muscles of men needs to be prosecuted with increasing vigor and skill . (Filtered Words: 0)
So don't see yourself as a heroine or fancy this little adventure is an event of major importance '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reverend Jason , looking worried , hurried toward us . (Filtered Words: 0)
' church meets change ' (Filtered Words: 0)
fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
) She might now have taken it away again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oso slept unconcernedly , his rifle cradled in his arms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Some churches have six or more training sessions of two hours each , generally held on Sunday night or during the week . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like hell ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
To him they were one and the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
All for $14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , as new nations rise from the former colonial empires , nationalism is one of the hurricane forces loose in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked steadily . (Filtered Words: 0)
the church is `` the family of God '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well -- what about the money '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The last roof boards are covered with blocks from outside the shelter . (Filtered Words: 0)
If there be a disinterested patriot in America , 'tis General Washington , and his bravery , none can question '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let your pupils learn on someone else , Doctor . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- You'll be visiting Miss [FILTERED] , Ma'am '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
There was an idea . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't turn it off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone on his staff -- he suspected it was [FILTERED] -- intercepted them and for this [FILTERED] was grateful . (Filtered Words: 2)
The singular uncompromising force of their revolt against the cult of restraint is illustrated by their refusal to dance in a public place . (Filtered Words: 0)
A unified concept can serve as a guide to budgeting and , if public support is gained , will command Congressional support . (Filtered Words: 0)
And though it was logical that a man who could plot mass murder would not hesitate to speak an untruth , still it was difficult to understand why [FILTERED] spoke only for Cromwell . (Filtered Words: 1)
After another treatment with the machine , he told her that `` her entire body was shot through with tumors and cysts '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too monstrous , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , sports editor of the Globe-Democrat , presented [FILTERED] with his award . (Filtered Words: 2)
About that same time [FILTERED] TV series on the popular arts proved again that giving jazz ample breathing space is one of the most sensible things a producer can do . (Filtered Words: 1)
The young people were self-energizing , and I was energized . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three examples follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was bewildered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mantle is not normally given to public speaking -- or , for that matter , to private speaking . (Filtered Words: 0)
In certain other pictures , however , Braque began to paint areas in exact simulation of wood graining or marbleizing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Didn't you see how beautiful it was '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There should be a task for everyone and these tasks should be rotated . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' And that she proceeded to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four hands were stretched toward me by my comrades behind me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now listen closely : (Filtered Words: 0)
The trial will be held , probably the first week of March , in the famous Old Bailey central criminal court where [FILTERED] , the naturalized British German born scientist who succeeded in giving American and British atomic bomb secrets to Russia and thereby changed world history during the 1950s , was sentenced to 14 years in prison . (Filtered Words: 1)
He stumbled off-stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can joke ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Our campus , unfortunately , owns no films . (Filtered Words: 0)
He never knew just what woke him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've been that far half a dozen times . (Filtered Words: 0)
The program came out of the NBC Special Projects department , and was slotted in the Du Pont Show Of The Week series . (Filtered Words: 0)
We consider here only a few of many problems involved in this crucial federal-state relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
U Thant of Burma (Filtered Words: 0)
But during the last several years boats were launched in areas where , a short time ago , the only water to be found was in wells and watering troughs for livestock . (Filtered Words: 0)
This sequence of equations may be started with the remark that with no process Af there is no profit , i.e. , Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think he might be '' , Conrad said grimly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Field does the planning for the machine operations and fiscal processes and the adapting of the data processing system to new programs as they are made necessary by legislative and policy changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , in recent decades , for what doubtless are multiple reasons , an unannounced but nonetheless readily observable shift has occurred in both facets of national activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
She lived and was given a name . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abreaction of her anxiety and guilt concerning the death of her parents , when linked up with her current feelings of anger and her fears of loss , abandonment , and annihilation , produced further relief of tension . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a large variety of models to choose from in most countries , however , including 6-passenger sedans and station wagons and the rental fee isn't all that much greater than for the wee sedans . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rev. [FILTERED] , pastor of the Mathewson Street Methodist Church ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
a woman who was willing to give him love , faith , and anything else a woman could give a husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of the authentic homogeneity of his early Nationalistic materials , and his flair for orchestrations -- his brilliant Petruchka , his savage [FILTERED] , his incisive Les Noces -- the world kept hoping that he could recapture the historical direction for which his native talents were predisposed . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But it really wouldn't be fair , taking your jobs away from you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the century from 1815 to 1914 the law of nations became international law . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a week the hyacinths would spike out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor does [FILTERED] reject this identity . (Filtered Words: 1)
Don't you worry , chief '' , [FILTERED] replied , wondering if he himself believed it . (Filtered Words: 1)
You're conscious of the fact that your feet hurt , that the city pavements are hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You shut up ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Rourke confirmed the appointment over the phone and hung up . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's hitting the ball hard , in the batting cage , and his whole attitude is improved over this time last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no idea where he was . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had for cover both darkness and a summer storm . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't the roughness and crudity and discomfort of the trip that had frightened her . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is not interested in being named a full-time director . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] did mental health . (Filtered Words: 1)
The [FILTERED] sounds real enough , if we could only trust the conditions under which we learn of its use ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The event , staged yearly by Neusteters , will be held in the Opera House Wednesday , Aug. 16 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Forebearing , [FILTERED] kept his peace . (Filtered Words: 1)
history , biography , and education are centered in [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
But he was not bored at all ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , the problems and solutions devised in the electoral experiences of the rapidly changing countries are often of comparative value and essential to evaluating election results . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the divinities present and our souls in place , we were wished health , happiness , and power . (Filtered Words: 0)
He passed two brides , both wearing orchids , and they made him feel a little sad . (Filtered Words: 0)
As mentioned before , bone reflects the sound energy and in [FILTERED]. 7 the portion of the spine shows as the black area in the center . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] found that orthodox procedures of deep plowing , use of chemical fertilizers and insecticides , plus the application of conservation principles of rotation and contouring , did not prevent sheet erosion in the potato fields and depreciation of the soil . (Filtered Words: 1)
Actual practice does not often work out this way . (Filtered Words: 0)
He came with his son . (Filtered Words: 0)
Children differ widely in their emotional responses . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's a different hall-mark on them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gathering intelligence is important , but of equal importance is its translation into usable form . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , `` I'm not talking . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` M-m-m . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scientists and fishermen have occasionally seen strange by-products of the phenomenon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stevie yearned for a dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
Forget motive ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Kneeling , [FILTERED] planted a sturdy knee in the small of his back , holding him pinned . (Filtered Words: 1)
This iodoprotein does not appear to be the same as what is normally present in the thyroid , and there is no evidence so far that thyroglobulin can be iodinated in vitro by cell-free systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is very chic to drive foreign cars . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Always '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One way that this can be done , other than by hiring new high-priced professors , is by constantly encouraging the department members to raise their standards of performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The extent and location of open areas is noted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take the Via Di S. Agnese in Agone , next to the church and opposite the center of the square , then turn right after about two hundred yards to reach the beautiful Church of Santa Maria Della Pace . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President and his advisers felt that the time might have come to warn Premier [FILTERED] against a grave miscalculation in areas such as Berlin , Iran or Latin America from which there would be no turning back . (Filtered Words: 1)
I didn't think there was any reason to '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hong Kong interests loudly protest limiting their exports to Britain , while Spanish and Portuguese textiles pour into British market unrestrictedly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] , formerly of Connecticut , have returned to Southern California and are now residing on South Arden Blvd. . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We'll take the truth to the people , and the people will like the truth and elect their candidate and party in November '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Construction follows a thorough study of the drawings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Voting preparations began in the fall of 1959 , although the actual demarcation and planning for the rural communes was completed in 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like everything else in Rome , ruins and monuments alike , that house is lived in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once , Andrus walked by it , hastily scanned the bold black headline and the five-column lead of the article ( by [FILTERED] , staff correspondent -- age not given ) , and muttered : `` We a buncha national celebrities '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
I regained my squatting position behind the truck cab's rear window . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vince shouted finally , `` Get her over to Rose's and I'll come by and see that she stays put '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Slocum made his reconnaissanace the next morning , found the town empty , accepted the surrender of the mayor and occupied the city a little before noon . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ten thousand zlotys '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] has described four `` places '' , each with its scenery and people , added two `` diversions '' , and concluded with `` A Toccata for the [FILTERED] '' , a refreshingly underplayed interpretation of rock'n'roll dancing . (Filtered Words: 2)
One of the most common of camp maladies was diarrhoea . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , the engine displacement formula is the standard formula for computing the volume of a cylinder of any type with an added factor that represents the number of cylinders in the engine . (Filtered Words: 0)
She served one four-year term on the national committee . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , I have no permission to enter Germany '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bacterial and fungal enzymes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bless you my friends , for it is through love and service that brotherhood becomes a reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Stop by any time , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Atonement , if atonement were possible , could only be made at that sacred , sacrificial basin . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] '' -- (Filtered Words: 1)
Radiosterilization ( at 3 Mrad ) is more expensive than canning , particularly for the cesium-137 source . (Filtered Words: 0)
Topography (Filtered Words: 0)
Love to you , my ward '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are a half dozen reasons helping to account for the migration to the campgrounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet the most difficult problem in the Church's program of evangelism is right at this point -- helping new members to become participating , growing parts of the fellowship . (Filtered Words: 0)
For what [FILTERED] life in this House teaches us is that loyalty and character are not divisive and there is no such thing as being for your country and neglecting your district . (Filtered Words: 1)
Roll was being called . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , as new nations rise from the former colonial empires , nationalism is one of the hurricane forces loose in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once again what has happened is an all-consuming confabulation of the incidentals , the accidents of painting . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
Though Americans usually lived in groups segregated by national origin or religious belief , they liked to work and shop in the noise and vitality of downtown . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had spent a million dollars , carving in a road , putting up buildings , drilling their haulage tunnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside , in the summertime fields behind the motel , a thousand crickets serenaded us . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here Mr. [FILTERED] met us after a three-hour train trip from the town where he teaches . (Filtered Words: 1)
and it was getting bigger rapidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
In classical drama , such problems do not arise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Malocclusion can also result if baby teeth are lost too soon or retained too long . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like [FILTERED] , he deplores the indifference of the people in the face of the crisis . (Filtered Words: 1)
Experimental (Filtered Words: 0)
The following amounts of water are needed per day for livestock and domestic uses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frankly , it is being very cleverly done for , in a sense , they have us over a barrel . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this situation of Kent House was more subtle . (Filtered Words: 0)
From 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , six courses were conducted : Workshop in Resident Training in Pathology , Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals , Application of Histochemistry of Pathology , Orthopedic Pathology , Forensic Sciences Symposium , and Forensic Pathology . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan himself had sciatica again . (Filtered Words: 0)
The single shot would come ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You go 'n' have a look round for it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He will take over his new post Jan. 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Roast on grill over coals 15-20 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
By September 1940 the Suite had developed into a collection of six songs , `` four spirituals , a dream , and a lullaby '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only Mike got to his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carrie seemed more affectionate , but obviously Julia had respected his request . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most common are the twist drill , the solid center shaft with interchangeable cutting blades , the double spur bit , and the power wood bit . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Good luck '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I expected [FILTERED] -- as a man with a strain of Melanesian in his blood -- to speak to them . (Filtered Words: 1)
I guess you know about that . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Skeletal Age curve in the lower portion of Figure 2 shows that slowing may have occurred for her during the prepubescent period . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fixed monthly allowances are a controversial subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
In my sights I watched him looming bigger and bigger . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was small comfort for insomnia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several police cars , loaded with armed officers , raced alongside , blazing away at the tires of the big jet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recovering the property was much less important '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time he turned westward , to the middle Atlantic coast of North America . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a `` potboiler '' made on a `` shoestring '' and not the sort of film I like , as all I had to do was look blank and scream a great deal . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know I don't want to see Pedersen . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stripped these from him and donned them . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had no rice . (Filtered Words: 0)
So many Cubans were reported being swept into the [FILTERED] dragnet that the massive Sports Palace auditorium and at least one hotel were converted into makeshift jails . (Filtered Words: 1)
For those who `` like poetry but never get around to reading it '' , the Library of Congress makes it possible for poets to be heard reading their own work . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , unbelievably , was not yet up and about , reassurance that [FILTERED] was human . (Filtered Words: 1)
This was a broth of a boy , our Felix , and nothing was more obvious than the joy he took in demonstrating how agile he was and how full of juice and spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consultation with a reputable wine dealer and constant experimentation -- `` steering ever from the known to the unknown '' -- are the requisites . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All we have left in the world is one another , and we must stay together the way Mother wanted '' , [FILTERED] said in telling his children of their mother's death yesterday afternoon . (Filtered Words: 1)
It might be added that as he kept his word so he expected that others keep theirs . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a man here in town . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fresh crop of beginners' guns showed up in 1961 , and they're good bets for your Christmas gift list if you're wondering what to get for a youngster . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charcoal '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We can boil it '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
One tiny detail in a happening can clog the memory and stick like meat in a crooked tooth , while the rest of the occurrence will go hazy and uncertain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quick -- Quick -- now '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the two , [FILTERED] is justly the better known , for he went far beyond the vital finding of fiction for films to take the first step toward fashioning a language of film , toward making the motion picture the intricate , efficient time machine that it has remained since , even in the most inept hands . (Filtered Words: 1)
Having a boat financed through a local bank is done much the same way as an automobile loan is extended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consequently , air , surface , and submarine elements overshadow the mine , fixed installations , and intelligence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Increased customer sophistication . (Filtered Words: 0)
that aside from due notification of certain major events in their lives ( two marriages , two births , one divorce ) , Christmas and [FILTERED] cards of the traditional sort had been the only thin link she had with them through the widowed years . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sherman could never be accused of sticking too long with the old . (Filtered Words: 0)
The respectability which money confers implies a different etiquette , and , upon taking up the life of a London gentleman , [FILTERED] must learn from [FILTERED] that `` the spoon is not generally used over-hand , but under '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] , 67 , theatrical producer and band leader , collapsed and died Thursday in a Lloyd Center restaurant . (Filtered Words: 1)
A note of awe came into his voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
He strove to think of God and His eternal wrath ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Many years later ( on August 3 , 1915 ) , [FILTERED] wrote [FILTERED]'s daughter soon to be graduated from Smith College : `` While I love botany which , after dabbling in for years , I studied according to the methods of that day exactly forty years ago in a summer school , it must be fascinating to take up zoology in the way you are doing . (Filtered Words: 2)
The nude was small and black-haired and elfin , and was called `` Eloise '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the problems associated with the expressway stems from the basic idea . (Filtered Words: 0)
It should be noted that photoluminescence , due to `` [FILTERED] '' generated within the viewing screen by electron impact , appears to be important only if anode voltages in excess of 30 KV are utilized . (Filtered Words: 1)
As he informs [FILTERED] , `` My life is spent in one long effort to escape from the commonplaces of existence . (Filtered Words: 1)
Circular motion , however , since it is eternal and perfectly continuous , lacks termini . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I think that something more than this is involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gen. [FILTERED] , the President's special military adviser , is a level-headed officer who is not likely to succumb to propaganda or pressure . (Filtered Words: 1)
Chief among the defects they singled out were the complicated and wearisome procedures in equity . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other words , the anti-trust laws , designed to reduce prices to the consumer on Monday , Wednesday and Friday , become a tool to protect the marginal manufacturer on Tuesday , Thursday and Saturday . (Filtered Words: 0)
they are far more common in the Pacific . (Filtered Words: 0)
Musmanno bellowed to his Italian crewmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Food for frustration . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll see you around later '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ballet dancer : Protests , tears , and `` take what you want , [FILTERED] , I am a dancer , you are a poet , it is all beautiful '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
An Alabama soldier whose feminine associations were of the more admirable type wrote boastfully of his achievements among the Virginia belles : `` they thout I was a saint . (Filtered Words: 0)
He may try to phone us '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both are 6 feet tall and weigh between 195 and 200 pounds , but [FILTERED] , incredibly muscular ( he has a 17-1/2-inch neck ) , looks bigger . (Filtered Words: 1)
Slowly she turned to face the men again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then this atom of calcium will swell to something like a great balloon a hundred yards across , a balloon big enough to put a football field inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a significant advance but its import should not be exaggerated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Doctrine was not only mysterious ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And his relatively small hands and feet gave him an almost delicate appearance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Production assistance often takes the form of locating tools or materials which are urgently needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The phonograph today , for all its high fidelity and stereophonic sound , is precisely what the early art purveyors in the movies wished to make of the camera . (Filtered Words: 0)
as a result buyers , the public , must be satisfied with second-rate teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It accordingly refused to assume jurisdiction , whereupon the California Superior Court made the restraining order permanent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other thicknesses may necessitate ripping a special size lumber for the glass trim . (Filtered Words: 0)
Col. [FILTERED] was one of New Orleans' most important and enlightened slave owners . (Filtered Words: 1)
He hadn't worn a watch or carried pocket money for years because he disliked both , but highest among his hates were looking glasses : he had snatched one from an officer's grasp and smashed it to smithereens . (Filtered Words: 0)
In February , 1959 , during the second admission to The New York Hospital , a biopsy specimen of the left gastrocnemius showed striking increase in the sarcolemmal sheath nuclei and shrunken muscle fibers in several sections . (Filtered Words: 0)
It tends to support the longstanding precious sentiments , the traditional ways of thinking , and the customary ways of living . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radio observations of the moon have been made over the range of wave lengths from 4.3 mm to 75 cm , and the results are summarized in Table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The illustrations in fig. 8 show how to lay a concrete block wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Buster would solve that quarterback problem just as we head that way '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was delivered in a forthright way , without coyness and over-pretended interest -- an admirable way with children . (Filtered Words: 0)
We hope that he will execute it in a manner that will entitle him to credit '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not only a compliment to Mijbil , of whom there are a fine series of photographs and drawings in the book , but to the author who has catalogued the saga of a frightened otter cub's journey by plane from Iraq to London , then by train ( where he lay curled in the wash basin playing with the water tap ) to Camusfearna , with affectionate detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Financial and material help have come from academic , governmental , and industrial organizations in England and Holland . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , like Caesar , he has only one joke , so far as I can find out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic chemistry (Filtered Words: 0)
Criminals , as well as model citizens , exercise their minds . (Filtered Words: 0)
It suddenly seemed very important to me that [FILTERED] should know the truth about me -- that I was not the confused , sick , irresponsible person she believed me to be . (Filtered Words: 1)
He , [FILTERED] , had been scared for a while , but that had come mostly from the fact that he felt responsible . (Filtered Words: 1)
In New Jersey , too (Filtered Words: 0)
Speak to me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] immediately assumed he was hiding out there after the shooting and began preparing an indictment . (Filtered Words: 1)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recently , a group of the faculty at Wesleyan University's Public Affairs Center sought some answers to these questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her first day at work she was puzzled by an entry in the doctor's notes on an emergency case . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or a thin slice of plug tobacco might be laid on the open wound without chewing . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a modern Oedipus who is doomed because he cannot oppose his own childhood is only pathetic , and for renouncing the mystery in favor of psychological truth he gives up the claim on our sympathies . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the whole they maintain much the same high standard , but they are much more difficult to discuss in detail because of their wider variety of subject matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
the present-day explorations of outer space , answering age-old questions of science and philosophy , in the face of possible wars of extinction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Music is furnished by the Carleton College Choir . (Filtered Words: 0)
I stopped the tractor and climbed down and the boy came eagerly up to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
After 1815 anti-slavery sentiment mounted , chiefly among Protestants and those of Protestant background of the older stock . (Filtered Words: 0)
This difficulty arises even though we can give examples of men who have actually followed this course . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were not sufficiently challenging however , and she resigned in 1887 , to go to Germany with her brother [FILTERED] and his family while he was there on study . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` For a minute , anyhow . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I forgot . (Filtered Words: 0)
An aqueous suspension of the spores of B. subtilis , var. niger , generally known as Bacillus globigii , was aerosolized using commercially available nozzles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negroes want to be treated like men : a perfectly straightforward statement , containing only seven words . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can I make you one '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I haven't seen her on the beach '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To think that we can merely relinquish our economic autonomy without giving up our political or legal autonomy is wishful thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
he would cut a supremely ridiculous figure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon second thought we were forced to realize that we have very few reliable historical benchmarks against which we might compare the present situation , and that conclusions that present-day students are `` more '' or `` less '' religious could not be defended on the basis of our data . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , as he turned toward the telephone , it rang shrilly to shatter the stillness in the room and he reached for it eagerly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hoofmarks of cattle and the prints of bare feet in the mud or in the dust were as numerous as the traces of shod horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
The undersecretary's in there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Delphine presented her cheek for a kiss , and the physician pecked it like a timid rooster . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were staring at him in the same blank and menacing way that the men outside the gate had stared . (Filtered Words: 0)
His eye had fastened on her leg ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and Small Business Pooling are available , on request , from Small Business Administration , Washington 25 , D.C. , and its regional offices . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In looking back over the volumes , it is possible to find errors of interpretation , some of which were not so evident at the time of writing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] was in charge of diseases of the nose and throat . (Filtered Words: 1)
And [FILTERED] , in Fantasia Of The Unconscious , protested vehemently against the overestimation of the sexual motive . (Filtered Words: 1)
The stage is constantly full of them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm not advising you '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the historian , pointed out to [FILTERED] that this was impossible . (Filtered Words: 2)
A few weeks ago , I read in the Bulletin that there were to be given Chinese classes in [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The foregoing remarks imply that the hypothalamic balance plays a crucial role at the crossroads between physiological and pathological forms of emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
By combining the talents of a medical man , Dr. [FILTERED] , a biophysicist , Mr. [FILTERED] , and an electronics expert , Dr. [FILTERED] , this novel technique has been developed which promises to open broad avenues to understanding life processes . (Filtered Words: 3)
to small business (Filtered Words: 0)
Supposing you or I were being accused in this manner , and yet we were doing our level best to carry on our work . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did anyone see my cab '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The only way to determine the final combustion chamber volume when such pistons are used is by measuring it with liquid while the cylinder head is bolted to the cylinder block and the piston is in top dead center position . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was the end of his front-page feature story , with byline . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] refused to accept money for slave property , but did he realize how much expense and trouble the transportation of his Negroes to the North involved ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Thank you for the illustrated editorial `` Confrontation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , under clause ( 1 ) of the Secretary's Regulation , we suspended referrals to the employer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or against her back , pressed on the column of vertebrae , which held her so magnificently straight and unyielding , until the segments of bone made tiny sharp cracking noises , like the snapped stem of a tulip . (Filtered Words: 0)
Freeman , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , in their description of the disturbances of thinking found in chronic schizophrenic patients , say , in regard to condensation , that `` the lack of adequate discrimination between the self and the environment , and the objects contained therein in itself is the prototypical condensation '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
I spade lots of compost into their bed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He and the prime minister would be back from the window , seated at Mahzeer's desk ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional philosophical considerations , advanced notably by [FILTERED] , supported further the circularity principle . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am naive , they say , to make use of such words . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` ' A good morrow to you , my boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't there . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
It was at my first Communion . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when she saw the children you have just visited , she wanted to take them away and put them out in the country , in the kibbutzim . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Mahayana that developed in the north was a religion of idolatry and coarse magic , that made the world into a huge magical garden . (Filtered Words: 0)
One reason is , of course , that the new scepticism has been willing to maintain the general picture of the invasions as portrayed in the traditional sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
One fin is located every 120-degrees around the inside diameter of the wheel . (Filtered Words: 0)
It must be granted that the flouting of convention , no matter how well intentioned one may be , is sure to lead to trouble , or at least to the discomfort that goes with social disapproval . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can't stay here with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
When helped by a high degree of structure in lesson presentation , then , and only then , does such a child attain unusual success . (Filtered Words: 0)
But still , the proposition is worth examination . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such problems are of extreme interest as well as importance and are so much like fighting in a rain forest or guerrilla warfare at night in tall grass that we might have to re-examine primitive conflicts for what they could teach . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Twenty-one '' , replied the sheik . (Filtered Words: 0)
This means the aircraft companies are going to tear into the government market , looking for anything they can get and making the competition tough . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no cash around ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Finding the key under his shoe , he started the engine , and while it warmed up he turned to her standing there in the dripping fog , and said , `` Defrost the refrigerator '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have witnesses . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Court held that Congress had intended the federal judiciary to `` fashion '' an appropriate law of labor-management contracts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wide divergence of reactions is clearly illustrated in the Kinsey studies in human sexuality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
The American Republicans and the Republicans both nominated Lieutenant-Governor [FILTERED] for governor . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here and there (Filtered Words: 0)
It is common to shift back and forth , working up through a number of supervisory and individual-contributor positions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But she was talking of [FILTERED] when she saw the black line of the open door ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The comfort was short-lived , yet she found herself returning to the assurance whenever her imagination forced images on her too awful to contemplate without the prop of illusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
However likely it was , [FILTERED] said , he couldn't limit himself to it . (Filtered Words: 1)
He let down the tailgate and was knocked over by the sluice of water . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we want respect from ourselves or others , we will have to earn it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It cannot , however , be referred to by electronic switch commands , e.g. , ESN , BSN , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet the truth , according to the New Testament , is that every local church has its existence only by being the embodiment of the whole church in that particular place . (Filtered Words: 0)
The need here is most clearly felt and our capacity to recruit and train qualified volunteers in a short period of time is greatest . (Filtered Words: 0)
No action of his could be interpreted in his favor and four midshipmen , prior to their knowing the significance of the Greek paper , had seen it in Cromwell's hands while [FILTERED] whispered explanations . (Filtered Words: 1)
The many and frequent performances of the [FILTERED] serve to emphasize the dual nature of its writing . (Filtered Words: 1)
An old weakness for burrowing in records rose up to tempt him . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and his trio have booked into Oceania Lounge . (Filtered Words: 1)
The answer is different for each autistic child , but for most there is an answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here are a couple of the latest , highly styled ways to fix skinless franks in your own back yard ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Above these jobs we have chief engineer for the company and vice-president of Engrg , R & Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
And to an industry that prides itself on authenticity , he urged greater realism . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What will be the subject '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Three lists of companies were made and used in the study . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is worth pondering that very little has been published on any phase of field techniques in linguistics . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
He is willing to sell it just to get it off his hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , if there is ever a perfect time to pull the rug out from under him , it's on maneuvers . (Filtered Words: 0)
For his workmanship we are , created in Christ Jesus . (Filtered Words: 0)
after completing the payments prescribed by paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) of this subsection , to make payments , from time to time in ratable proportions , on account of the unpaid principal of all awards in the principal amount of more than $1,000 , according to the proportions which the unpaid principal of such awards bear to the total amount in the fund available for distribution at the time such payments are made ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' , he began , `` It seems like some people in Paris want to hear more from me than those fellers over at the conference house do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place on rectangle of foil and pinch edges together tightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Send out a pickup on Mrs. [FILTERED] and the boy when you've got enough to go on '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 2)
As Rector was walking back toward the residential hall , [FILTERED] came out of the basement and bounded up to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
he usually draws some kind of comparison with the jazz tradition and the poem he is reading -- for instance , he draws the parallel between a poem he reads about an Oriental courtesan waiting for the man she loves , and who never comes , and the old blues chants of [FILTERED] and other Negro singers -- but usually the comparison is specious . (Filtered Words: 1)
specificity of staining (Filtered Words: 0)
In a growing number of American homes , marriage counselors report , the wife is taking a commanding role in sexual relationships . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , it is evinced by the adolescent ( or adult ) whose beliefs and actions represent primarily his rebellion and reaction against the ideas and behavior patterns of others , rather than his inner conviction and choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he thought me more perverse than ever . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gradually he withdrew from the shop altogether , and for the past thirty years , he has worked independently as a painter , except for his continued hunting and fishing expeditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
When one powerful nation strives to emulate the success of another , it is only natural . (Filtered Words: 0)
It cannot be said that our very first day in the Soviet Union turned out to be an ordinary one . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sister '' , said he `` do you think people who commit suicide go to heaven '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If he was sober , which was doubtful , he'd have him get in touch with Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Far up the valley I could see the Rees circling and reorganizing . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can get a hot water system that will also work for cooling your house . (Filtered Words: 0)
PMR is currently supplying components vital to the Titan and Minuteman programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] was planning to set up the prime minister for Muller he would have to do it in the next few minutes . (Filtered Words: 1)
) and was repealed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wallpaper in the back bedroom is literally crumbling off . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went to the Hotel Mayflower and telegraphed [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A similar amateurish characteristic is revealed in Adams' failure to check the accuracy and authenticity of his informational sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Captain [FILTERED] of Salem had visited Burma in 1793 his ship , the Astra , had been promptly commandeered and taken by her captors up the Irrawaddy River . (Filtered Words: 1)
Open market policy (Filtered Words: 0)
Then will you give me a visa to re-enter France '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Or even yesterday . (Filtered Words: 0)
With [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] both out of action due to injuries , the American League champs still mounted a 15-hit attack against a parade of eight Cincinnati pitchers , the most ever used by one team in a series game . (Filtered Words: 2)
I helped Lilly in the store . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a splendid structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The value of the elections was lost , both as an experiment in increased political participation and as a reliable indicator of commercial interest , as shown in Table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experimentally , we expect independence when the trials have nothing to do with one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
and for perfecting instruments to collect and transmit the data we seek . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lizzie , actually , never named any suspect . (Filtered Words: 0)
How often have I looked to Jesus when entering the sick room , asking for His presence and help in my professional duties as I give my talents not only as the world giveth but as one who loves the Saviour and His creatures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Peanut and sesame oils often are used as carriers or diluents for medicines administered by injection . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't that , however , which decided them not to go to America . (Filtered Words: 0)
He identified the man as [FILTERED] , 59 , a farmer of Hartselle , Ala. . (Filtered Words: 1)
) The sorry fact about this young man , who was barely of age when he broke into major-league baseball , was that he really was a better ball player than he was given credit for being -- never so good as he claimed , and always an irritant to his associates , but a good steady performer when he could fight down the temptation to orate on his skills or cut up in public . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact that the Americans who upheld the sovereignty of their states did this in order to keep many of their people more securely in slavery -- the antithesis of individual liberty -- made the conflict grimmer , and the greater . (Filtered Words: 0)
To that Rousseau could agree . (Filtered Words: 0)
The music here , [FILTERED] `` Tetrameron '' , sounded good . (Filtered Words: 1)
Opposite is [FILTERED] , one of Rome's oldest palaces , now the headquarters of the Italo-American Association . (Filtered Words: 1)
3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He considered some interesting excursion but he was on the road every day from dawn to dusk . (Filtered Words: 0)
It sounded silly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
These are a great aid for planning use back at the office . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some substances , auxiliary properties such as the melting point are given . (Filtered Words: 0)
One said , `` When I get a cold I buy a bottle of whiskey for it , and within a few hours it's gone '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dentist last night , for instance . (Filtered Words: 0)
If presented in this spirit , the response and the results will be immeasurably better . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can't make me go '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have a brief glimpse of the Tsar's public personality , the `` official [FILTERED] , but our real focus is on the excitement of the crowd -- a significant contrast with its halfhearted acclamation in the opening scene , its bitter resentment and fury in the final act . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sort out the next move . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh he's just an international spy '' , [FILTERED] would shout with her screechy laugh . (Filtered Words: 1)
He rubbed his eyes sleepily with one huge paw . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's swell '' , I said sweetly . (Filtered Words: 0)
It sounded silly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One thing , he thought , nobody knows about it yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Master processes (Filtered Words: 0)
Further , an experiment might consist of five rounds , and several sets of five rounds might be regarded as a super-experiment composed of several repetitions of the five-round experiment . (Filtered Words: 0)
If it ever got behind me , the beep turned to a buzz . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] imagines how Estella would look down upon [FILTERED]'s hands , roughened by work in the smithy , and the deliberate contrast between her white hands and his blackened ones is made to symbolize the opposition of values between which [FILTERED] struggles -- idleness and work , artificiality and naturalness , gentility and commonness , coldness and affection -- in fact , between Satis House and the forge . (Filtered Words: 2)
Therefore , the on-the-scene commander must have detailed operating instructions based on measurement of conditions , in the area , at the time of encounter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Extensions while abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was exposing herself to temptation which it is best to avoid where it can consistently be done . (Filtered Words: 0)
The women and children stayed at the Albrights' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We found some owls had built a nest in the chimney , milord , but I promise you you'll never have trouble of that sort again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , conductor and musical director of the San Francisco Symphony , will fulfill two more guest conducting engagements in Europe before returning home to open the symphony's Golden Anniversary season , it was announced . (Filtered Words: 1)
And [FILTERED] thanked her , and hoped he might meet her nephew back home , and asked her if she had any further news of the Pope . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Maybe '' , the captain admitted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No problem at all '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In Cuba , the U. S. had blundered badly and created the impression of impotency against Communist penetration even on its own doorstep . (Filtered Words: 0)
yet it represents a very considerable percentage of the churchgoing population . (Filtered Words: 0)
justice delayed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not in business for the purpose of absorbing increased municipal costs no matter how high a purpose that may be '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The aircraft could be used to destroy other mobile , fleeting , and imprecisely located targets as well as the known , fixed and hardened targets which can also be destroyed by missile . (Filtered Words: 0)
my name is [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
You see , I always make it look like an accident . (Filtered Words: 0)
I won't be in town for a couple of days , though , and there's that case I was supposed to handle this afternoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
She lied in order to get it . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is particularly true in large centers of Jewish population like New York , Chicago , and Philadelphia . (Filtered Words: 0)
they are fields of force exerting a unique influence on the sensibilities and a unique relatedness to one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Note : Because of light leakage from one ultraviolet source to another , the lights are switched by a commutator-like assembly rotated by a synchronous motor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its massive contours are rooted in the simple need of man , since he is always incomplete , to complete himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taurog , Potter and Chaikoff , 1955 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It may well be that the unification of Europe will prove inadequate , that the survival of free society will require nothing less than the confederation of the entire Western world . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Facing us , two flights up . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You might set up a dress shop in the living room '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was a terrible thing to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other officers are [FILTERED] , vice president , [FILTERED] , treasurer , and [FILTERED] , secretary . (Filtered Words: 3)
U.S. Attorney [FILTERED] said the federal complaint , charged that the juror gave false information when asked about [FILTERED] membership during selection of jury . (Filtered Words: 2)
A taxi took him back to the bar and grill where he had left his car , and a few minutes later he found a parking place across the street from his apartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` When I came up , damnit , I thought I was going down . (Filtered Words: 0)
She says later , but still within the opening five minutes , `` I keep thinking of a divorce but that's another emotional death '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Greek tragedy as in [FILTERED] , mortal actions are encompassed by forces which transcend man . (Filtered Words: 1)
I asked him if he took seeds from his own plants . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED]'s withered hands , heavy as if her unhappiness were somehow concentrated in them , move in restless self-pity between her broken heart and her walking stick . (Filtered Words: 1)
Such an indicator , or indicators , are needed as means of recognizing specific periods of delay in skeletal developmental progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this is only natural -- witness the haste with which modern man gobbles the latest `` wonder drug '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The suggestion that Giffen hire out the slaves was not realistic , since no planter would take the risk of having Negroes who knew they were to be free living with his own slaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Payne dismounted in Madison Place and handed the reins to Herold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Things are looking up these days for many of the State turnpikes on which investors depend for income from their toll-road bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
By fixing the tax rate in advance of spending , upper limits are set on expenditures . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't understand why , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The cards were then processed using standard IBM punch card equipment , including an IBM 650 computer . (Filtered Words: 0)
And now , of course , the hue and cry for counter-escalation is being raised on our side . (Filtered Words: 0)
What are the historical trends in this country and abroad in the extent to which these goals are effectively realized ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly he grinned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just let me die in peace '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hold edges together , right side up . (Filtered Words: 0)
He gave me a straight , honest answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Specific broadening of travel rights . (Filtered Words: 0)
The data provide a measure of the total mass of cosmic material incident upon the Earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the land of the sladang , the great water buffalo with horns forty inches across the spread . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reducing humidity is often as important as cooling . (Filtered Words: 0)
They started on the 4th hole , a 220-yard par-3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Resolved that the anti-slavery sentiment is becoming ripe for resolute action . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly the request was granted , but the Elector himself , who had not been consulted by his mother , rejected the proposal and recalled his agent [FILTERED] , whose impolitic handling of the affair had caused the Hanoverian interest to suffer and had made Oxford's dismissal more likely than ever . (Filtered Words: 1)
The latter looked backward upon inherited deficiencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
A site may also be attractive just through the beauty of its trees and shrubs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He crawled into bed and switched off the light . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] grabbed one of them by the shoulder and flung him away . (Filtered Words: 1)
After the meal , he and his guests went out to inspect the rig ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A disturbing picture of bad blood , to be further heightened with illicit if buccolic colors , for on a subsequent day I saw Handley escorting Anta , Red's wife , up on [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The strange creature , housed in wire , made him shudder . (Filtered Words: 0)
( If a dragon or a sea monster came along , didn't he have a red Swiss hunting knife on his belt -- ten blades and a corkscrew ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] first sang [FILTERED] at Covent Garden in 1959 . (Filtered Words: 2)
This has saved us from constant requests seven days a week and made us feel less brutal to the young `` less fortunate '' than ours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only once were stalked ciliates found in the mixed liquor . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't mean Miss [FILTERED] ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
That was something of an understatement in a week when the underlying conflict between the West and Communism erupted on three fronts . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hello , anyone at home '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
First intercourse for the bride brings with it the various problems connected with virginity and the hymen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negro lawyers dug into the records of 300 white students , found that many were hardly interviewed at all -- and few had academic records as good as [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The family requests that flowers be omitted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This was senseless -- he had no idea what to look for . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I question them as to what they mean by concepts like liberty and democracy , I find that they fall into two categories : the simpler ones who have simply accepted the shibboleths of their faith without analysis ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Does anybody think of saving the life of an anti-Communist American pilot ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was no longer worried . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is little doubt if they had a secret ballot , they would vote for food for their family , in place of ideological purity out on the farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
County judges , commissioners , engineers , assessors , and others who have lived in the area for a long time may have valuable knowledge regarding the site or opinions to offer from their varied professional experiences . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are often ignorant as well as underprivileged . (Filtered Words: 0)
What are the possibilities of lowered radiation production costs for the future ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The amount which may be borrowed from the SBA depends on how much is required to carry out the intended purpose of the loan . (Filtered Words: 0)
From being a hated tyrant and madman he was now the symbol of all that was noblest and best in the history of Sweden . (Filtered Words: 0)
It gave [FILTERED] time to stagger to his feet . (Filtered Words: 1)
I had a long talk with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Complexity of complete marketing planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although we are still far from a complete understanding of these problems , as a first approximation , it is suggested that alterations in the hypothalamic balance with consequent changes in the hypothalamic-cortical discharges account for major changes in behavior seen in various moods and states of emotions in man and beast under physiological circumstances , in experimental and clinical neurosis , and as the result of psychopharmacological agents . (Filtered Words: 0)
His hat was gone , the tears were streaming from his eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hogan reappeared , stopped on the hotel porch , lifted a hand in signal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ask to see the modern tapestries of Paris and Rome designed by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Money was also advanced by the publishers , John Wiley & Sons , Inc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] went and lived in the slums as a sidewalk derelict for ten days . (Filtered Words: 1)
In any case it is by no means clear that formally structured organs of participation are what is called for at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
15 pounds lighter (Filtered Words: 0)
At first each child should do a kick-up by himself so that the teacher can determine those ready to work alone , and those who need help . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one now-historic first interview , for example , the transcript ( reproduced from the book , The First Five Minutes ) goes like this : The therapist's level tone is bland and neutral -- he has , for example , avoided stressing `` you '' , which would imply disapproval ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Prohibition was the law of the land , but it was unpopular ( how many of us oldsters took up drinking in prohibition days , drinking was so gay , so fashionable , especially in the sophisticated Northeast ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She must have taken the registration when she went to Walter's . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he didn't , by a long shot ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
U. S. willingness to accept a neutral Laos may have led Premier [FILTERED] to believe that other areas could be `` neutralized '' on Soviet terms . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` All right . (Filtered Words: 0)
They did not actively negate them . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he discovered they had received from the Company's Court of Directors no permission to live in India , coupled with the fact that they were Americans who had been sent to Asia to convert `` the heathen '' , he became more belligerent than ever . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is also symptomatic of a change in attitude which appears to be spreading all across the South . (Filtered Words: 0)
He can correct decay , thus preventing early loss of teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
But those penetrating eyes -- I had to turn my head away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even that isn't satisfactory . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could have the same effect on Communists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Differential thermal analysis showed a very small endothermic reaction at 340-degrees-C and a large endothermic reaction at 470-degrees-C . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reports [FILTERED] : `` By studying men on the job , we found that two men -- a carpenter and a helper -- can lay a floor faster than three . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] were puzzled and concerned . (Filtered Words: 1)
The earlier of them was an unofficial enterprise , sponsored by Life magazine , under the title of The National Purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
First go over the type of coverage you now have . (Filtered Words: 0)
She shook her head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Waddell had looked the man over , trying to size him up . (Filtered Words: 0)
And she really tried to go a step further and say she hoped they'd be just as right as they now were for her and for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A135 donated (Filtered Words: 0)
Where a growing season may , with luck , allow 60 days without frost , and where the soil is poor , sandy , quick-drying and subject to erosion , many farmers fail . (Filtered Words: 0)
The construction was reasonably solid ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Its value was Af from the above data . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus Baptist churches on the frontier took cognizance of charges against their members of drunkenness , fighting , malicious gossip , lying , cheating , sexual irregularities , gambling , horse racing , and failure to pay just debts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The London label offers an operatic recital by [FILTERED] , a baritone whose fame is international . (Filtered Words: 1)
1 ) Cuba . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] knew how the Union soldiers must have felt at Chancellorsville and Antietam and Gettysburg when the ragged gray ranks charged at them , screaming the wild banshee howl they called the [FILTERED] yell . (Filtered Words: 2)
She exclaimed , smiling . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am concerned here , however , with the Northern liberal's attitude toward the South . (Filtered Words: 0)
Using [FILTERED]'s method , the fast-closing action is obtained from the blackening of a window by exploding a series of parallel lead wires . (Filtered Words: 1)
In any case , who ever thought that New York is typical of anything ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We were at a party once and heard an idealistic young European call that awful charge glorious . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It consists of two divisions , separated by an island at a small distance from the southern shore . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the citizens would , of course , never be sure that the decisions that resulted were as correct as they were expeditious . (Filtered Words: 0)
structure and properties of macromolecules (Filtered Words: 0)
Came to the Harbor as a bride and Don't worry Jed , this one is in the bag . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wine bought from a dealer should ideally be allowed to rest for several weeks before it is served . (Filtered Words: 0)
11 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
That same pattern of earnings shows up on the Massachusetts Turnpike . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] made it evident that he had contributed his maximum . (Filtered Words: 1)
With their customary source of supply cut off , the Fort Garry free traders engaged three men to cart goods to them from the Mississippi country . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each contributes something different , and something important : [FILTERED] , her wide experience in church work ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
good grass , good water . (Filtered Words: 0)
Always provided that [FILTERED] himself had not dosed her coffee with opium , she thought , as coldly and sharply , again , as [FILTERED] might have said it . (Filtered Words: 2)
She entreated me to see a doctor , and when I refused , brought one out to see me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hypocrisy thus becomes the answer to a foolish public policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Great satire has always been clearly written and readily understandable '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Giffen advised acceptance of this plan , citing the depressed market for land then prevailing and the large stock of provisions at the plantation . (Filtered Words: 0)
I mean , she's still living , and she's ninety-six . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems like only last year that we watched them set out up the hill hand in hand on a rainy day in their yellow raincoats to finger-paint at the grammar school . (Filtered Words: 0)
This assembly also supplies a 20-cps switching gate for the electronics circuitry . (Filtered Words: 0)
A $12,500 payment (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , come on , snap out of it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Personally , it is the [FILTERED]'s sexual coming of age , when , without any warning , unbreakable taboos are set up between himself and his past . (Filtered Words: 1)
She goes on about her work and listens for the completion of the grinding . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In one outstanding example , Whirlpool Corp. found that by switching to urethane foam insulation , they could increase the storage capacity of gas refrigerators to make them competitive with electric models . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again the plan was for me to go alone , but they wouldn't let me . (Filtered Words: 0)
To consolidate what her Navy had won , the Czarina was fortunate that , for the first time in Russian history , her land forces enjoyed absolute unity of command under her favorite Giaour . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] in the title role , [FILTERED] as [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] as Enzo were holdovers from earlier performances this season , and all contributed to a vigorous performance . (Filtered Words: 4)
I supported Cleveland three times and [FILTERED] twice . (Filtered Words: 1)
One contained complete antibody and had a titer of 1 : 512 in saline . (Filtered Words: 0)
It took Pike a long time to realize what [FILTERED] had done , and it had a profound effect on him . (Filtered Words: 1)
In time Isfahan came to be known as `` half the world '' , Isfahan nisf-i-jahan . (Filtered Words: 0)
To do so would make his job well-nigh impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pressing his cigarette out in the earth , Warren walked to the slit and scanned the jagged hills . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would challenge sharply not the cult of the motor car itself but some of its ancillary beliefs and practices -- for instance , the doctrine that the fulfillment of life consists in proceeding from hither to yon , not for any advantage to be gained by arrival but merely to avoid the cardinal sin of stasis , or , as it is generally termed , staying put . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was doing very well , too , having reached the center , and was pursuing its way with commendable singleness of purpose when Mr. [FILTERED] saw hazard approaching in the shape of a flashy little sports car . (Filtered Words: 1)
The lack of adequate data on the aerated lagoon system prompted the developer to construct an aerated lagoon pilot plant to determine its feasibility for treating domestic sewage . (Filtered Words: 0)
This involves the application of a strong magnetic field to the radical vapor , which shifts the low-frequency spectra to a conveniently high microwave range , where they may be measured with optimum sensitivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In a way , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Discounts run up to 2% of cost . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a leading judge will not be at the International Show this year for the Junior Judging Contest as he has been invited to judge in Australia in March . (Filtered Words: 1)
The direct evidence on the micrometeorite environment near the Earth is obtained from piezoelectric sensors ( essentially microphones ) and from wire gages ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He had sought talks with Moise Tshombe , the secessionist president of Congo's Katanga province where recent fighting had been bloody . (Filtered Words: 0)
With this evidence in mind , the writer began to plan how he might more effectively educate the married students in his functional classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
And if you bore each other then , heaven help you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The secondary consequences from this could be very serious and must be taken into consideration in planning for defense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , the program for fleet modernization will be stepped up in 1961 causing an increase in expenditures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of the difference between daytime and nighttime propagation conditions , it has been necessary to evolve different allocation structures for daytime and nighttime broadcasting in the AM band , with many more stations operating during the day than at night . (Filtered Words: 0)
The planning division has embarked on the most complete and comprehensive state planning program in the nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
I tried . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's got a lot of friends , and he ought to come along and let us know if he wants our help '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One part of her audience was totally engaged , the connoisseur witnessing a peculiarly fine performance of some ancient classic , the other part , the guest of the connoisseur , attentive as one who must take an intelligent interest in that which he does not fully understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Screvane and [FILTERED] hailed (Filtered Words: 1)
The importance of the sign industry to the plastics industry , however , is not in terms of volume alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon intelligence that the formidable agitator was to favor them with his presence , the benighted inhabitants of Pawtuxet , alas , gave their allegiance to Massachusetts and asked that colony to expel the newcomers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take precautions now , to be sure you avoid those unpleasant and costly heat breakdowns when the temperature zooms this summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And your golden god '' , said [FILTERED] , `` probably went right home and poured himself into a boiling bath . (Filtered Words: 1)
The land of Shayol did not change . (Filtered Words: 0)
High Standard has introduced a (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , there must be clarity : a single distinct impression is more valuable than many fuzzy ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
Creations needed (Filtered Words: 0)
the term of loans for working capital is 6 years . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hurry , Frank ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps the army will be able to maintain stability , but the vacuum of free institutions creates a great danger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the general heading `` poetry-and-jazz '' widely divergent experiments have been carried out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shelter in apartment buildings (Filtered Words: 0)
Within half an hour I jumped a six-point buck that hop-skipped through a rhododendron thicket , and I caught him just behind the left foreleg at 60 yards . (Filtered Words: 0)
Market concentration and distribution in fewer accounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
To be passive , to be girlishly shy was palpably absurd . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had admired him long before I talked to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
All bottom battens are two inches wide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Worse still , in a number of cases it has been claimed that the [FILTERED] female kills the Bombus queen . (Filtered Words: 1)
As he signed his scorecard and walked off the course , [FILTERED] was almost in tears . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We'll go to the storehouse '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And those of Early Spring , haunted and now full of hurt and envy . (Filtered Words: 0)
This cold reckoning of human worth in a legal paper , devoid of compassion or humanity , was all he needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was delightful as the young wife and [FILTERED] was amusing as the tutor who failed to do all his tutoring . (Filtered Words: 2)
3 (Filtered Words: 0)
The circle came nearer and nearer . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one side of the stage a dancer jumps excitedly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mantle is not normally given to public speaking -- or , for that matter , to private speaking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her eyes were glazed as if she didn't hear or even see him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually it is only when they approach shallow water on the shore that they build up to their terrifying heights . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had returned to the pension a week ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw it all at a glance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked up and down the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
We wish the President would remember that `` fiscal responsibility '' was the battle-cry of the party that lost the election . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lewis warned him never to lay a hand on him , and then [FILTERED] asked for his fare back to the United States . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time reaction among anti-organization Democratic leaders and in the Liberal party to the Mayor's reported plan was generally favorable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The structured schools were in an industrial city , with three-family tenement houses typical of the residential areas , but with one rather sizable section of middle-class homes . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had their first real fight , and Bobbie went off to get drunk . (Filtered Words: 0)
You danced two tangos and a paso doble , which must have been fairly enervating in that milieu . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ellis , Grindlay and [FILTERED] ( '52 ) also were unable to find them in rats . (Filtered Words: 1)
He looks a little bit frayed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , although the agenda of external assistance in the economic sphere are cumulative , and many of the policies suggested for nations in the earlier stages remain relevant , the basic purpose of American economic policy during the later stages of development should be to assure that movement into a stage of self-sustaining growth is not prevented by lack of foreign exchange . (Filtered Words: 0)
The southward route was the classic run in California , and the most fashionable . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked , `` Could we have a drink '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This can only be for one of two reasons : either the two are quite different and will require totally different theory ( and hence techniques ) , or our existing theories are insufficiently general . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1945 he became conductor of the Buffalo Philharmonic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boston fans sometimes liked to wring some wry satisfaction out of the fact that most of the great 1923-27 crew were graduates of the Red Sox -- sold to millionaires [FILTERED] and Ruppert by a man who could not deny them their most trifling desire . (Filtered Words: 1)
There may be a case of this sort , but it is not one we wish to argue , here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her day starts early , but no matter how many pressing letters there are to be written ( and during May , which is National Salvation Army Week , there are plenty ) , schedules to be made or problems to be solved , Mrs. [FILTERED]'s office is always open and the welcome mat is out . (Filtered Words: 1)
every morning , I lay out his clothes on it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The performance also marked the debut of a most promising young conductor , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
When Missouri's Clarence Cannon got the word , he turned purple . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside , in the summertime fields behind the motel , a thousand crickets serenaded us . (Filtered Words: 0)
This would be in perfect consonance with the underlying concern in the administration -- the shortage of cash . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is a dream simply a mental or cerebral movie ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It can also contribute to the education of America and to more intelligent American participation in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make a paste of brown sugar and mustard and spread lightly over scored surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe it would work the other way . (Filtered Words: 0)
An action once universally condemned by all Christian churches and forbidden by the civil law is now not only approved by the overwhelming majority of Protestant denominations , but also deemed , at certain times , to be a positive religious duty . (Filtered Words: 0)
His handwriting was on a rock . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clerk paid them no attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the very front rank , two men were wounded and staggered along , trailing blood behind them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Interior man looked uneasily at his French compatriot . (Filtered Words: 0)
She went in to get the hamburgers , and I switched on the device again and kept the signal from Dowling's car coming in steady and clear until I saw her starting back with the hamburgers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] '' , Hearst said , `` if you ever wish anything that I can do , all you will have to do will be to send me a telegram asking , and it will be done '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Suppose that Af , and that the average operation requires only Af sec. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you positive '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He paced to the window and looked at the city he had helped to build . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a commonplace that to the degree these special preserves of past philosophic hunting grounds establish an empirical content and suitable methodological criteria , they move away from philosophy as such . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , though they had been promised immortality if they ate of the tree , they obtained mortality instead . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Plenty of people are poor all their lives '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We received 76 out-of-state visitors interested in investigating Rhode Island's industrial advantages , and Industrial Division personnel made 55 out-of-state follow-up visits . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And , much as she detested [FILTERED] , she also did not accuse him . (Filtered Words: 1)
A call for action `` before it is too late '' has alarming implications when it comes from a man who , in his previous reports on the schools , cautioned so strongly against extreme measures . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I told him someone had torn it out , he shouted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many buildings (Filtered Words: 0)
The adherence of many in the population to the Indian background in their pedigree , and emphasis upon the fact that their ancestors had never been slaves , becomes of prime interest in determining how far these elements promote the self-image of the intermediate status of the group in society . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the regionally differentiated results , which appear below in tables , are interesting evidence of the problems of developing self-government under even the most favorable circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first thing he knew the words `` Garryowen '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Prior to that he was associated with Long Island University in Brooklyn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead , he walked around the temple and mounted still another flight of stairs and stood before the seated [FILTERED] at their head . (Filtered Words: 1)
There are numerous types and styles of tools to drill holes . (Filtered Words: 0)
I put a lot more trust in my two legs than in the gun , because the most important thing I had learned about war was that you could run away and survive to talk about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] did not have much humor in his make-up , but he managed a mirthless smile . (Filtered Words: 1)
( See Chapter 15 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sheets are extruded of Tenite butyrate by Jet Specialties Co. , Los Angeles , Calif. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Would you mind wrapping your onion '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where an opportunity to enjoy boating has not been created by bringing bodies of water to the people , means have been found to take the people and their boats to the water . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the beginning of his career , Patchen has adopted an anti-intellectual approach to poetry . (Filtered Words: 0)
In France , novel approaches to the classic French plays are frequently attempted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All because I didn't feel like dancing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
My interviews with teen-agers confirmed this portrait of the weakening of religious and ethnic bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cast : (Filtered Words: 0)
Men were slaughtered every day , tumbled into eternity like so many torn parcels flung down a portable chute . (Filtered Words: 0)
The plan does not cover doctor bills . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a refugee who was able to come here because of her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The control sample was selected by taking the bottom name of each of the two columns of names on each page of the alphabetical listing of manufacturers in the Thomas Register . (Filtered Words: 0)
The crawling men tried to rise and fell again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly the request was granted , but the Elector himself , who had not been consulted by his mother , rejected the proposal and recalled his agent [FILTERED] , whose impolitic handling of the affair had caused the Hanoverian interest to suffer and had made Oxford's dismissal more likely than ever . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was good and tired of the wall opposite , and the crack in the plaster . (Filtered Words: 1)
Your mother would always retrieve him when he wandered off , and she would send him home to his son . (Filtered Words: 0)
if inner lid is too big , trim to fit , allowing room for thickness of glaze . (Filtered Words: 0)
To summarize , it may be said that there is no one prevailing practice in Rhode Island with respect to the taxation of movable property , that assessors would like to see an improvement , and of those who have an opinion , that assessment by the town of location is preferred on the basis of their present knowledge . (Filtered Words: 0)
The royal ritual generated power into the other world : it also provided the living with a way to control the spirits , and bring their powers directly to bear on the everyday affairs of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alec leaned forward to look . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- 0.2 gram Dynafac per head daily ( 1 gram of premix per head daily ) for promoting growth , feed conversion , bloom , and full feed earlier . (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance -- what about all those people [FILTERED] went toward unhesitatingly , as if this were the one moment they would ever have together , their one chance of knowing each other ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
He had lunch with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Willis laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though far from completion , these studies indicated beyond a doubt that savings would result which would be of unprecedented benefit to the railroads concerned , their investors , their customers , their users , and to the public at large . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s Fifth was the one on top . (Filtered Words: 1)
After it has been seen , have the child start on a mat on hands and knees ( a thin , inexpensive mat is quite sufficient for anything that does not require falling ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hub considered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Less bull the more you can do with em . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another anode holder used in the experiments is shown in figure 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A large number of these Juniors have 7 and 8 wins to their credit and are seasoned campaigners . (Filtered Words: 0)
And acculturation into the world at large is likely to occur for the Brooklyn College student after college rather than during the four school years . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not lower his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
The road's engineers look for further improvement when the turnpike is extended into Boston . (Filtered Words: 0)
A refuse [FILTERED] at the Dumont turned up a florist's box -- a very long box for very long-stemmed flowers . (Filtered Words: 1)
She wanted the police to notice him , suspect him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know I do not have to dwell here on the absurdity of that contention . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men helped them gather their belongings and escorted them to Raton along with three other families desiring to leave . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the course , one member has lost her husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
These conceptions and the manner in which they were transposed into poetry or engendered by poetic form are intrinsic to western life from the time of Aeschylus to that of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cady didn't come unglued easily , but this had not been a day of glad tidings . (Filtered Words: 0)
His body pitched back and forth on the bench . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , she was back on her feet , winking and smiling that enormous smile ( she had lots of wonderful big teeth that you never would have suspected she had when she was not smiling ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Specific dates would be important , as would double names . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , the outlook could be dark indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It enables towns to make more economical purchases and to take advantage of cash discounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Telephone and telegraph (Filtered Words: 0)
Further decrees along this line were issued in 1916 and 1919 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody should be more able to answer the questions on this score than engineering vice-presidents and chief engineers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alix and [FILTERED] on their wedding day . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No , she'll be all right '' , [FILTERED] said quickly . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Administration maintains a productive facilities inventory of small business industrial concerns that have voluntarily registered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indefinite reference also carries double-meaning where an allusion to one person or thing seems to refer to another . (Filtered Words: 0)
The virus antigen was concentrated in the pseudophloem tissue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sponsor quotes [FILTERED] of the McLendon-Ebony station group as saying that the Southern Negro is becoming conscious of quality and `` does not wish to be associated with radio which is any way degrading to his race ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
too young and thin and straight . (Filtered Words: 0)
A suggestion Hypothesis also seems inadequate as an explanation for those who shifted their reactions after they were informed of the possibilities of `` normal '' reactions different from those which they gave . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a raucous take-off on radio commercials , [FILTERED] hawks a cure-all for neuritis , neuralgia , head-cold distress , beriberi , overweight , fungus , mungus and water on the knee . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is the sexton of the church . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inevitably , one side was pleased and the other displeased , regardless of how we ruled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just a brief note of appreciation to Vice President [FILTERED] and Pakistani camel driver [FILTERED] for providing a first-class example of `` people to people '' good will . (Filtered Words: 2)
I didn't see her till several days later at the wedding , and her face looked like it had never had a blemish on it . (Filtered Words: 0)
With [FILTERED] and me , there's never any problem . (Filtered Words: 1)
wept day and night for the sins and blindness of the world had a long walk through the trees and woods by his house , where he constantly walked morning and evening , and even in the depths of the night , alone by himself , for contemplation and the enjoyment of the dispensation of light . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place project on table and carefully lift the mold off . (Filtered Words: 0)
If this is the case , one would expect that not only the various procedures just mentioned which alter the hypothalamic balance would influence emotional state and behavior but that emotion itself would act likewise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Start on hands and feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Looking young for your age '' means `` for your age '' and it means no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
His urgings brought some results . (Filtered Words: 0)
His academic duties had little evident effect on his prolific pen . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We were brought up that way '' was one statement which won general assent . (Filtered Words: 0)
What he does do is give himself away by communicating information over and above the words involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is but justice to Mr. [FILTERED] for us to add that , in the above remarks , nothing is intended to his disparagement , either as a lawyer or as a printer . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] decided to stay a little longer , and as time passed it seemed as if the strange little man had never been there , but for the other glass on the table . (Filtered Words: 1)
Many local citizens feared that there would be irregularities at the polls , and [FILTERED] got himself a permit to carry a gun and promised an orderly election . (Filtered Words: 1)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll be in range in a short while '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The drummer flogged the gourd with frantic intensity as the dancers began the calinda , a sensual gyration which had long been a favorite of voodoo practitioners and their disciples in the Louisiana slave compounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Made of the world's toughest unbreakable plastic , Melamine dinnerware comes in almost 400 different patterns and dozens of colors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thanks to Spoken Arts Records , history buffs may hear Lincoln's `` most memorable speeches and letters '' in a two-disc set , interpreted by Lincoln authority and lecturer [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He used it very effectively when he wanted to get his squad on the ball . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , high school senior from Verboort , had the championship dollar dinner , and [FILTERED] of Hillsboro also won a blue ribbon . (Filtered Words: 2)
No one knows where it will stop . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once out in the street , the traffic was a gadfly maze in which he wandered stricken . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both hated [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of all forms of being , society , or community , has the greatest element of determinability . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the Confucian , `` virtue '' simply meant mastery and correct observance of three hundred major rules of ritual and three thousand minor ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] may use the tax bill as a means to effect a transition from special sessions of the Legislature to normalcy . (Filtered Words: 1)
Probably Mr. [FILTERED] was influenced toward deeper involvement by familial loyalty and a concern for his grandchildren . (Filtered Words: 1)
His head hung over the boards of [FILTERED]'s stall ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The old man beckoned with one finger and [FILTERED] went forward to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
a stream or pond which is attractive in the springtime may become stagnant or dry in late summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another Virginia sight and a photographic adventure are [FILTERED] , lit by photofloodlights . (Filtered Words: 1)
Every new scandal which would provide more `` copy '' for [FILTERED]'s pen would thus mean more publicity for Welch . (Filtered Words: 1)
He waited in his squat , gripping the hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of all forms of being , society , or community , has the greatest element of determinability . (Filtered Words: 0)
They include both individual fears and collective ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
The land of the Lublin Uplands was rich , but no one seemed to care . (Filtered Words: 0)
All services are given without cost to members . (Filtered Words: 0)
What awful thing had she to face in the next few hours ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctors had suggested Scotty remain most of every afternoon in bed until he was stronger . (Filtered Words: 0)
The report , culminating a year long study of the ADC program in Cook county by a New York City welfare consulting firm , listed 10 long range recommendations designed to reduce the soaring ADC case load . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , still , they did not have to be so crude in their approach . (Filtered Words: 0)
We did 80 miles an hour across a hard dirt road to a cluster of shacks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Athletics (Filtered Words: 0)
Finish installing and connecting up your furnace and your water heater before you wall them in . (Filtered Words: 0)
There must be an odd number of such components , which will be called complete components . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] , forty-three , a farmer's son from Beallsville , Ohio , is a quiet but impressive man . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not much ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When I went to college they begged you to come . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some people believe she did . (Filtered Words: 0)
How old is your working force ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Rev , George and Lolotte were mending shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I guess he spent the morning getting himself all organized , then headed for home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , in Moscow , [FILTERED] was adding his bit to the march of world law by promising to build a bomb with a wallop equal to 100 million tons of TNT , to knock sense into the heads of those backward oafs who can't see the justice of surrendering West Berlin to communism . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'll get some ointment '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are other dangers : (Filtered Words: 0)
The popularity of local color literature before the Spanish-American War , the steady currency of the Lincoln myth , the increased emphasis on the frontier West in our mass media are cases in point . (Filtered Words: 0)
At dawn Argiento went to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Especially touching is the chapter , `` The Little Sister '' , about a king's daughter who became a nun in the convent of St. Birgitta . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know I don't want to see Pedersen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be sure it's out when you leave . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even people . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was also subtly familiar , for it was the odor of the human body , but multiplied innumerable times because of the fact that the aborigines never bathed . (Filtered Words: 0)
After notching it for the keelson , chines and battens , the half-inch plywood transom is secured to it with glue and the same type nails . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are other basic rules . (Filtered Words: 0)
He realized that he had no idea where the telephone was . (Filtered Words: 0)
Education should be uppermost in their minds , but with this attire how can anyone think it is so ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As mentioned , the allocation of AM stations represents a balance between protection against interference and the provision of opportunity for an adequate number of stations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly , one day , up it pops ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
All the dogs would dash to get on the elevator with the President and go to the dining room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Changes in address are noted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's move '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As soon as the time came for re-sharpening , the precise form of the gear tooth was lost and a new cutter had to be made . (Filtered Words: 0)
The slender , handsome fellow was called [FILTERED] by the other slaves . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was a huge young man of twenty-four , clothed in muscle , immensely strong , with a habitual gentleness and diffidence of manner that was submerged under his present agitation . (Filtered Words: 0)
I guess you're right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I drummed on the kitchen table with my pencil . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may have your boat of wood , canvas , plywood , plastic , or metal . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wrote again and now , abandoning for the moment the theme of love , she asked for help in the matter of her career . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mills secured Barco's photograph from the gentleman in charge , rushed to the Hollywood police station to report the theft , and less than five minutes later , detectives with his picture in hand were on the trail of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was a bright and handsome young man from New York , who worked for the same steel company as [FILTERED] did . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet even here many a problem is presented ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The alabaster cockatoo '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fighting marshal had walked right into a trap and at any moment six slugs might slam into his hide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing looks less like their work than the happenings of random occasion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Handley married [FILTERED] and Red , of the red beard , married [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
I was ready to jump but when [FILTERED] said she'd get the whisky it surprised him like it surprised me , and he ran down . (Filtered Words: 1)
Harvey Barcus , second speaker (Filtered Words: 0)
Bones and cartilage transmit poorly and tend to reflect the ultrasonic signals . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a cold and calculated look . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one outstanding example , Whirlpool Corp. found that by switching to urethane foam insulation , they could increase the storage capacity of gas refrigerators to make them competitive with electric models . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for [FILTERED] , the only thing Theresa could remember at the moment about him ( except his paper knife ) was that he had had exceptionally long hands and feet and one night about one o'clock in the morning the whole [FILTERED] family had been aroused to go next door at Cousin Emma's call -- first Papa , then Mother , then Theresa and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
As used by Industrial Electric Inc. , the film panels are printed one at a time , as are 24-sheet posters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , we may also mention the several members of the self-consciously `` neoliberal '' movement that developed at the University of Chicago and is heavily indebted philosophically to the creative work of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Kitty inquired politely . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Volume was 1.23 million shares , down from Monday's 1.58 million . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knelt , just for decency I thought at the time , but found myself whispering , `` Our Father which Art in Heaven '' And it was only after that that something unlocked in me and I felt a grief . (Filtered Words: 0)
This assembly also supplies a 20-cps switching gate for the electronics circuitry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most surprising of all , he has accomplished some prodigies in training for the production of words . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But '' , it said , `` do you always know when you're happy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been sighted , and his attacker pumping shot after shot . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was waiting in front of it when she showed up and told me of my [FILTERED]'s indisposition . (Filtered Words: 1)
The `` [FILTERED] square as an expression of centrality (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But I couldn't do that , even if I were home '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
By this same combination of the will and the imagination , each one of us can learn to portray permanently the kind of character we would like to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White Citizens' Councils in the entire state of Mississippi against every local Philco dealer in that state , in protest against a Philco-sponsored program over a national TV network on which was presented a drama showing , it seemed , a `` high yellow gal '' smooching with a white man . (Filtered Words: 0)
The publication form is that of clothbound books . (Filtered Words: 0)
More he could take at leisure . (Filtered Words: 0)
She gave herself a title , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the absence of a truly adequate conceptuality in which the gospel can be expressed , the unavoidable need to demythologize it makes use of whatever resources are at hand -- and this usually means one or another of the various forms of `` folk religion '' current in the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
the prime minister knew who his enemy was here ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For galled breasts , the mother should shave into half a cup of fresh unsalted lard enough white chalk to make a paste . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , the neocortical-hypothalamic relations play a great role in primates , as [FILTERED]'s interesting experiment on the `` communication of affect '' demonstrates . (Filtered Words: 1)
This land is in various stages of development in several locations throughout the town . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a worker . (Filtered Words: 0)
I disagree with the writer who says funeral services should be government-controlled . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Another youth , Madame '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As soon as the shelter is completed a radio reception check must be made . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Lady Da and the hand-covered woman stayed near him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dilation accompanying elongation and the simultaneously developed anisotropy of compressibility have been related to the elongation . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is most interesting in its account of the unending problems of high command , of decisions and their reasons , of the myriad matters that demand attention in addition to battle action . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
the Yugoslav Claims Fund the sum of $17,000,000 being the amount paid by the Government of the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia pursuant to the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How'd you do it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Rousseau's primitivism , the anti-Newtonian mythology of Blake , [FILTERED]'s organic metaphysics , [FILTERED] image of the poets as the Magi , and [FILTERED]'s `` unacknowledged legislators '' are related elements in the rear-guard action fought by the romantics against the new scientific rationalism . (Filtered Words: 3)
New simplified packaged units , recently devised prefabricated glass-fiber ducts , and improved add-on techniques make it possible to acquire a system for an 1800-square-foot house for as little as $600 to $900 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Resuming atmospheric tests (Filtered Words: 0)
Did you ever see a play '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She was resentful of his easy success as compared with [FILTERED]'s failure . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s eyes met [FILTERED]'s as they stood there in this strange marriage of destruction . (Filtered Words: 2)
I didn't hurry though it was cold and the Pedersen kid was in the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
but true memory does not count nor add : it holds fast to things that were and they are outside of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was also a lesson , one that has served ever since to keep Americans , in their conflicts with one another , from turning from the ballot to the bullet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next we freeze over the oceans and cover the whole earth with peas , then we go out among the neighboring stars , collect 250 planets each the size of the earth , and also cover each of these with peas four feet deep ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
State and federal approval of right to walk out at any time when so voted by 51 per cent of the prisoners . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new birth is Christ living in you by faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- he called all meals supper -- after the butler had announced the meal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Word of his arrival spread through the crowd like a brushfire . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the five-month lull , civil war smoldered and flickered throughout the Congo . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vocational training which holds no hope that the skill developed will be in fact a marketable skill becomes just another school `` chore '' for those whose interest in their studies has begun to falter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The oil palm of West Africa yields edible oil from both the flesh and the seed or kernel of its fruit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Salesmanship is still necessary , but it's a different brand of salesmanship . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when they had got to their little lawn , they had had a most twirlingly magnificent time . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the school year , 1959-1960 , the Prince Edward County ( Virginia ) Board of Supervisors voted not to provide funds for public education , and the school board therefore could provide no public education -- for white or Negro children . (Filtered Words: 0)
the gray hairs , the eyeglasses , bodies that are too thin or too heavy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe she will then come to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The card the man I was shadowing had filled out was still on the counter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Increase expected (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had it . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` The actor had had much to drink and apparently became very violent . (Filtered Words: 0)
As I have been intimating , in the schizophrenic -- and perhaps also in the dreams of the neurotic ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Same . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] mentioned [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
But it strikes sparks on occasion and their light causes all else to be forgotten . (Filtered Words: 0)
We'll need some at least , if only bus fare to the scene of the crime . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two Governments agree that they will take reasonable precautions to assure that all sales or purchases of surplus agricultural commodities , pursuant to the Agreement will not displace usual marketings of the United States of America in these commodities , or unduly disrupt world prices of agricultural commodities or normal patterns of commercial trade with friendly countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Housewives are finding literally hundreds of ways of getting the maximum use out of traditional designs , says Mr. [FILTERED] and they are doing it largely because Colonial craftsmen had `` an innate sense of the practical '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Wasn't it adult and realistic to look at it that way ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For that reason any democratic reform and effort to bring genuine representative government to the Dominican Republic will need the greatest sympathy and help . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a quiet but impressive room -- 140 feet long , thirty-nine feet wide , twenty-one feet high . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I think of people like you , well , I '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Before that , he wanted to talk to the neighbors . (Filtered Words: 0)
These totaled 6,768 pieces of correspondence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anything else '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A bridged-T type of bridge was used in the 10 - 16 Mc/sec range . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her voice came shrill . (Filtered Words: 0)
The members of the `` family '' are drawn together by a common love for Christ and a sincere devotion to His Kingdom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many states have laws regulating the use of boat trailers and some have restrictions regarding the age of motor boat operators . (Filtered Words: 0)
You mean picture of me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It won't take a minute '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His appearance as [FILTERED] evokes not amusement but horror in the audience ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
urged the reconvention of the Congolese Parliament and the reorganization of the army . (Filtered Words: 0)
You identify yourself and ask him what's going on . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` When I was in college '' , I grinned , `` I remember a poem I had to read in my lit class . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet to determine precisely to what extent and exactly in what ways any individual showed the effects of Christianity would be impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was deeply , horribly sure that [FILTERED] had filled it with opium . (Filtered Words: 1)
Purified inactive chlorine was then added from one of the tubes described above and the mixture frozen out and sealed off in a flask equipped with a break seal . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1930 , the Lambeth Conference again affirmed the primary purpose of marriage to be the procreation of children , but conceded that , in certain limited circumstances , contraception might be morally legitimate . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war , their basic organization and objectives must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
The specific reasons for a long-term approach (Filtered Words: 0)
Each male willow catkin is composed of a large number of small flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you've travelled in Europe a time or two , it is quite certain that you've had that wanting-to-be-alone feeling or that you will get it on your next visit across the Atlantic . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wanted to hang around while I was eating . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But I've got to take a chance on it '' , he told himself desperately . (Filtered Words: 0)
History and operation of the motor pool . (Filtered Words: 0)
One is that they were established , or gained eminence , under pressure provided by these same immigrants , from whom the old families wished to segregate their children . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no longer any sense of continuing development of the sort that can be traced from Baudelaire to Eluard , or for that matter , from Hawthorne through [FILTERED] to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The latter provisions proscribe any contract , combination , or conspiracy in restraint of interstate or foreign trade , and monopolization of , or attempts , combinations , or conspiracies to monopolize , such trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
two of those poetic adagios in Greek veils ( and superb esthetic acrobacy ) by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] in one case and [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] in the other ; ; (Filtered Words: 4)
She too began to weep . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , if a man is married , he will automatically be given a divorce '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moritz doesn't even have a nose guard or hip pads but he's one of the most valuable members of the Longhorn team that will be heavily favored Saturday over Oklahoma in the Cotton Bowl . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm not a man who has many close intimate friends , [FILTERED] '' , he said , wanting her to know all about him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The housing bill is expected to encounter strong opposition by the coalition of Southern Democrats and conservative Republicans . (Filtered Words: 0)
The point is that many of the most impressive developments in the arts nowadays are aberrant , idiosyncratic . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] , the neo-dadaist artist , has collaborated with several of them . (Filtered Words: 1)
She even devised a system of colors , whereby the boy could easily distinguish the different note values . (Filtered Words: 0)
How much will it cost to do any necessary modernizing and redecorating ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They were said to be `` on their heads '' when grazin' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Austin , Texas (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Poor Cousin Elec '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hit a poor tee shot , pulling it off into the pine woods separating the 9th and first fairways . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still she was not sorry he sat by her , but in fact was flattered . (Filtered Words: 0)
For several weeks we eyed one another almost like sparring partners , and then one day [FILTERED] was slightly indisposed and stayed home ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Donna ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] is a great man -- one who will go down in American history as a truly great leader of the Nation . (Filtered Words: 1)
) 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scenic effects (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , two other differences in the two types of sections must be noted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Saliva gathered in the mouth after a night's sleep was considered poisonous ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
At last there was a void no one could fill . (Filtered Words: 0)
Small wonder , then , that we fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Life had included him in its `` Modern American Artists '' series and had photographed him at his studio in the East Sixties ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The pilot plant was a circular lagoon 81 ft in diam at the surface and 65 ft in diam at the bottom , 4 ft below the surface , with a volume of 121,000 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a later chapter dealing with the suburban school , I shall discuss the importance of arranging a program for the academically talented and highly gifted youth in any high school where he is found . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] speak of a contrast between being and existence , they may be right , I don't know , but their language is too philosophical for me . (Filtered Words: 2)
In a society dominated by middle-class values and working in an institution which transmits and strengthens these social values , it is clear that the educational profession must work for the values which are characteristic of the society . (Filtered Words: 0)
The radiation processing of meat has received extensive investigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
This explanation is attractive , but is vitiated at least in part by the observation that [FILTERED] , though he used kennings in the traditional manner , was a literate man who four times inscribed his name by runes into his works . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Put your gun on the desk , Marshal '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For pride's sake , I will not say that the coy and leering vade mecum of those verses insinuated itself into my soul . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was almost too easy . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a penetrating description of our post-war illusion , which applied to other areas than East Europe . (Filtered Words: 0)
In many others , the previous patenting of land under the public land laws , or the way in which land was available for purchase , resulted in a scattered pattern of ownership . (Filtered Words: 0)
many of us in public relations were flattered that [FILTERED] chose to devote his editorial in the March 11 Communications Supplement to the merger of the Public Relations Society of America and the American Public Relations Association . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not that her mother knew what had happened , but they could speculate upon it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was obvious that to match [FILTERED] , white must be mixed with all but the darkest tones . (Filtered Words: 1)
They may be caused by poor health habits , such as faulty eating and sleeping habits . (Filtered Words: 0)
The figure on the earth halted , seemingly bewildered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Music of the spheres (Filtered Words: 0)
clinging to the enemy-Jew idea , he is forced to overcome habits of politeness and neighborliness ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the volume of timber that can be marketed , especially for small sales and the support of dependent communities and small business enterprises ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A measure of how hot the stock was , can be found in what happened to it on the market as soon as trading began . (Filtered Words: 0)
Correspondence passed back and forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
he certainly deserves not a little credit for the invention '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To return now to the four-element physics , a mixture of muddy , frothy water will , when standing in a jar , separate out with earth at the bottom , water on top , and the air on top of that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as it was being hauled inboard , a sea hit the ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
I urge once again that the Congress not reenact this rider . (Filtered Words: 0)
The baby can have an early nap . (Filtered Words: 0)
The whole production this week is fresh and lively . (Filtered Words: 0)
Livestock must be tended every day , routinely . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had been made shockingly evident that very morning to Ensign [FILTERED] , in charge of the armed guard aboard the John Bascom . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It makes sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
and as graduates gratefully recall , she drew on her purse as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all `` degree '' courses in interior design a number of `` academic '' or `` general studies '' courses are included . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least , I want to find out whether she's home yet or not '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They made [FILTERED] double over . (Filtered Words: 1)
I knew the only way I could beat you was to play possum , but it was a good try , kid , and I appreciate it . (Filtered Words: 0)
That society responds by condemning the private eye as a threat to the status quo , a potential criminal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all men of the period would have accepted this emphasis . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Uhhu '' , she muttered . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was just waking up when we found her at the garage '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The paramagnetic dipole effects provide some information on the particle shapes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sensing of this rotation by the X gyro can be utilized to direct the platform into proper heading . (Filtered Words: 0)
In each case , having separate systems for living and sleeping areas has the advantage of permitting individual zone control . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor could they stop and find out about all that had happened until they made circle , tended the cattle , tethered the horses , gathered fuel , carried water , and started their cooking fires . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shortly after the `` Vale '' incident , a rift began to develop between [FILTERED] and Governor [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The civil services in such societies are generally inadequate to deal competently with the problems facing them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably people were watching him from the porch or from behind the windows of this farmhouse , too , but he did not bother to look . (Filtered Words: 0)
Freedom depends upon them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
for their's is the kingdom of heaven '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw her hand start to work down the leather thong toward the handle of the quirt , and he grabbed her wrist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shouldering the load he peered from the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the son of the famous patriot , disagreed . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was full of hope as [FILTERED] came into Havana . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mantle , it's apparent , resented [FILTERED]'s attempts to push and prod him into the perfection the veteran manager saw as a thrilling possibility . (Filtered Words: 1)
The two women babbled and crooned at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
stem frequencies 4 and 4 , 64% ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
How much fallout will we get ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But when tiny , 145-pound [FILTERED] of the Los Angeles Angels , who once caught three straight fly balls in center field because , as a teammate explained , `` the other team thought no one was out there '' , hits seven home runs in four months ( three more than his total in 1958 , 1959 , and 1960 ) , his achievement borders on the ridiculous . (Filtered Words: 1)
He stood very still , his heart thumping wildly . (Filtered Words: 0)
As you can see , in this Push-Pull Super Set the entire chest-back-shoulder area is vigorously exercised in alternate sectors by alternate exercises so the complete torso remains pumped-up all the time ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A night policeman just like in the States . (Filtered Words: 0)
very old red wine is often decanted so that the puckering , bitter elements which have settled to the bottom will not be mingled with the wine itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Regarding Atlanta's new multi-million-dollar airport , the jury recommended `` that when the new management takes charge Jan. 1 the airport be operated in a manner that will eliminate political influences '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For him [FILTERED] produced the lyric to `` Out Of Breath Scared To Death Of You '' , introduced in that most successful of all the Gaieties , by Sterling Holloway . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Death's-Head Corps took in Ukrainian and Baltic Auxiliaries , and the Einsatzkommandos waded knee-deep in blood and turned into drunken , dope-ridden maniacs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although she appeared more subdued and defeated , [FILTERED] knew she was growing more dangerous . (Filtered Words: 1)
The policy may not be unique but the maximum value of P certainly is , and once the policy is specified this maximum can be calculated by ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) as a function of the feed state Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You'd be the one to say '' , he observed , and she found herself liking his approval none too well , but she could not defend herself and say that her actions were `` different '' , since all actions had their own laws . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once when she asked why he never went swimming and he answered , `` Don't feel like it '' , he was tempted to tell her about being scared . (Filtered Words: 0)
The smell at first was more surprising than unpleasant . (Filtered Words: 0)
His reading ranged from Agatha Christie to The Book Of Job and he had an insatiable interest in his fellow-creatures , while his letters were full of gossip about new politicians and old men of letters with whom he had been intimately thrown six decades before . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are a great many bishops who have never had a cross on their bosom , nor a mitre on their head , who appeal not to the authority of the Pope at Rome , but to the Almighty Dollar , a pope much nearer home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , Af is single-valued near Q . (Filtered Words: 0)
Concern bankrupt (Filtered Words: 0)
I should be obliged if you could make other arrangements for your daughters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The baby can have an early nap . (Filtered Words: 0)
That finished me with Thelma . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , as he doubled , gasping , vomiting the breakfast he had so lately eaten , Lord straightened him with an uppercut . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are two more Sunday afternoons when the situation will arise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you not think these men might choose the black flag here and now '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Meeting in New Delhi under the auspices of the International Commission of Jurists , a body of lawyers from the free world , the Congress redefined and expanded the traditional Rule of Law to include affirmative governmental duties . (Filtered Words: 0)
The classical lines of the church which Napoleon thought of as a Temple of Glory , dominated all the scene where we sat . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Commission shall notify all claimants of the approval or denial of their claims , stating the reasons and grounds therefor , and if approved , shall notify such claimants of the amount for which such claims are approved . (Filtered Words: 0)
His friend [FILTERED] was with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
I have just seen Debonnie and [FILTERED] work a mile in 2:34 , last quarter in :35.3 . (Filtered Words: 1)
In a fraction of a second the pickup truck hurtled by on the other side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , [FILTERED] makes an ideal master of ceremonies . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Hello , [FILTERED] , how are you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
It has been obvious to the assessors , particularly those in shore communities , that boats comprise the largest category of tangible personal property which they have been unable to reach . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was nearly sundown before they finished the business with [FILTERED] and began riding down the stream . (Filtered Words: 1)
Strolling down to the galley , he lit the butane under the coffee pot and when the brew was heated , poured himself a cup and went up to the chartroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Winston '' , she said , `` get the basket for the breakables '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gala is the Thrift Shop's annual bundle party and , as all Thrift Shop friends know , that means the admission is a bundle of used clothing in good condition , contributions of household equipment , bric-a-brac and such to stock the shelves at the shop's headquarters at 1213 Walnut St. . (Filtered Words: 0)
These differences in turn result from the fact that my Yokuts vocabularies were built up of terms selected mainly to insure unambiguity of English meaning between illiterate informants and myself , within a compact and uniform territorial area , but that Hoijer's vocabulary is based on Swadesh's second glottochronological list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two men show promise of playing prominent roles : (Filtered Words: 0)
As `` a matter of fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in any case , , and what is more , every one attempting such solution has found that in most cases there have remained a great many components of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the mantic or prophetic power of dreams '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bizarre : He could hear the word . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Follow Secretary [FILTERED] through the Fiat plant , and you learn this : (Filtered Words: 1)
As he left the bus with his money bag , [FILTERED] added , the largest youth accosted him , a quarrel ensued , and the youth knocked him down . (Filtered Words: 1)
All chance of fulfilling my destiny is over . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sure '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , the outlook could be dark indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Baton Rouge , La. (Filtered Words: 0)
Center-punch and drill the No. 31 hole 7/16'' '' from one end of the bar . (Filtered Words: 0)
The haphazard fiscal year calendar is an obstacle to the planning of clear and efficient state-local revenue and expenditure relationships . (Filtered Words: 0)
The British and other replies to that Moscow note pointed out efforts of the Communist authorities `` to integrate East Berlin into East Germany by isolating it from the outside and attempting to make it the capital of East Germany '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He scarcely saw them . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] would do . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] shrugged . (Filtered Words: 1)
Beat me to death in front of a hundred people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh hell no , I'm not in a hospital . (Filtered Words: 0)
The removal of Miss Packard 18 years earlier had caused them great sorrow , but they still had Miss [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Add ham ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Was it supposed , perchance , that A & M ( vocational training , that is ) was quite sufficient for the immigrant class which flooded that part of the New England world in the post-Civil War period , the immigrants having been brought in from Southern Europe , to work in the mills , to make up for the labor shortage caused by migration to the West ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Simultaneous adjustments . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was embarrassing to see strapping , blonde [FILTERED] comport himself like a child who talks about bogeymen . (Filtered Words: 1)
Same goes for the rough cement of the ledge . (Filtered Words: 0)
They will seek to eliminate conflict in their international economic policies and will encourage economic collaboration between any and all of them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They moved in on him , crowded him from all sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vince . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twenty years before a group of Easterners had bought out the [FILTERED] claims in the rocky hills south of Grass Valley . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Christmastime ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
On this basis , certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indonesia , in the early days of the Republic , leaned toward the West . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least two private colleges in the Atlanta area now or in the past have had integrated student bodies , but their tax-exempt status never has been challenged by the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
They wouldn't o' stood no chance with you in a plain , straight-out shoot-down '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will continue all month . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus human perception and human volition is the immanent cause of all social change and this most truly when the change reaches the civilizational level . (Filtered Words: 0)
This problem of fair and equitable assessment of value is a difficult one to solve in that the determination of fair valuation is dependent on local assessors , who in general are non-professional and part-time personnel taking an individualistic approach to the problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said : `` Why don't you leave him alone '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
They looked up in surprise as Powers came in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Color was delayed until 1935 , the wide screen until the early fifties . (Filtered Words: 0)
This somewhat cynical comment may be found in `` Blue Skies , Brown Studies '' , a collection of travel essays by [FILTERED] , who would never consider staying home for long . (Filtered Words: 1)
Tell them the truth or something before they come here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the garage he checked the Jeep for signs of the use he had made of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within the first five minutes of this interview it is apparent to the therapist that `` everybody '' truthfully refers to the woman's husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
Patterson Moos research (Filtered Words: 0)
That po'k , it was so full of skippers it would jump and run and not come when you say , hoo-pig . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately it turned out to be me , but I wouldn't quite put it that way to the boss . (Filtered Words: 0)
An extension of the principle would permit entering a grammatical description of each form . (Filtered Words: 0)
Satisfactory methods for polyester foams and even prepolymer polyether foams were never fully achieved . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There must be a line '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She escaped , crawled through the usual mine fields , under barbed wire , was shot at , swam a river , and we finally picked her up in Linz . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Af is the null space of Af , then Theorem 12 says that Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew Red and [FILTERED] well . (Filtered Words: 1)
Actually , there are a number of individual-contributor positions in both operating departments and in the company-wide `` services '' operation that are filled by men with successful managerial experience who are currently broadening their capabilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
No other visitor inquired for her that evening . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have now a national character to establish '' , Washington wrote in 1783 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He slammed the door and listened as his servants ran up , alarmed at the sound of the shots . (Filtered Words: 0)
One such instance has already been presented : his use of alienation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first few days [FILTERED] set his plane down on Towne field back of the State House when the wind was right , and used Wilson flat above [FILTERED] when it wasn't . (Filtered Words: 2)
In October 1944 , he was appointed state warden and chief of the Forest Fire Section . (Filtered Words: 0)
Norton and Rochford fired wildly at the sounds of the motors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The objective is to achieve sufficient effectiveness of control on all of the area now under treatment plus the additional acres so that after the initial period only maintenance control will be needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , it isn't '' , Ekstrohm said . (Filtered Words: 0)
One would not expect such an event to occur in animals possessing lungs of types 1 , or 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let the media clean house , too (Filtered Words: 0)
But the scar seemed to pull hard at the corner of his mouth , and his eyes were hurt and angry . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first picture ( 9a ) the knife is just beginning to advance into the inclined surface which was left from the previous chip formation . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said the statement should become a major issue in the primary and the fall campaign . (Filtered Words: 1)
but a Jewish heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Please don't go inside [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the Maritime provinces farther east , the tones are a little quieter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inside of their place was full of new furniture , five bucks down and a buck a week stuff , but all of it clean and full of the warmth of a home . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Will he die '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He enjoyed killing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wagons were burning fiercely . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- What does 1961 offer in political and governmental developments in Mississippi ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Anticipated heavy traffic along the Skyline Drive failed to materialize yesterday , park rangers said , and those who made the trip got a leisurely view of the fall colors through skies swept clear of haze . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let exactly 1'' '' of `` A '' extend beyond `` B '' and use a square to check your angle to exactly 90 degrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
What He does with you then depends on what you do with Him now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others carried pemmican from `` the Forks '' to St. Paul and goods from St. Paul to Red River , as in the summer of 1847 when one trader , Wells , transported twenty barrels of whisky to the British settlement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Barney was not really frightening . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] paused for breath . (Filtered Words: 1)
Would applause , for example , be fitting if , apart from the applause , there were nothing good to applaud ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] thought the question over slowly and answered : `` I know a starving man who is fed never remembers all the pangs of his starvation , I know that '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] banged his fist on the keyboard , ruining the letter . (Filtered Words: 1)
Although the armored vest fitted the upper part of his body snugly , he felt no security . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Some SEATO nations disagreed , however . (Filtered Words: 0)
it will also correct some injustices . (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't feel any . (Filtered Words: 0)
My great-grandmother , I have been told , made her garden her great pride ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The burial was out in Riverside Cemetery . (Filtered Words: 0)
from downstream , where the water level is much lower , it is a high , elaborately facaded pavilion . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that time , he afforded me the courtesy of his busy workday for such length as I may need , to speak about my background , my hopes , my views on various national and local topics , and any problems that I may have been vexed with at the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
What does he feed his SMU football mastodons at the training table ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The mayor's present term of office expires Jan. 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was finally in command of his mind again . (Filtered Words: 1)
The new Riverside pitcher turned out to have an overhand fast ball that took a hop . (Filtered Words: 0)
This meant sorting out press clippings and the like . (Filtered Words: 0)
What should one say ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
While white is the coolest summer shade , there are lots of pastel hues along with tintable fabrics that will blend with any wardrobe color . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] retains his essential `` fiscal watchdog '' functions ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Instructions for preparing clay , drying , glazing and firing are not given . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] went down early , too . (Filtered Words: 1)
this would stop the flow and also prevent infection . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scholarship applicant ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Palfrey agreed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In his second letter the old mercer advised his son `` to bye some such warys as yow may selle presentlye with profet . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] poised with the tack hammer , the homely , everyday atmosphere , all denied an attempt at murder . (Filtered Words: 1)
The scarred , disfigured wrists of Mr. [FILTERED]' housekeeper are the tell-tale marks of her sinister past , for her master , coolly exhibiting them to his dinner guests , makes a point of the `` force of grip there is in these hands '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
And goaded the oxen as he yelled . (Filtered Words: 0)
He may get a tax refund . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still existing on a `` Northern Union '' telegraph form is a typical peremptory message from Peru grocer [FILTERED] to [FILTERED] and Graves' store in Manchester -- `` Get and send by stage four pounds best Porterhouse or serloin stake , for Mrs. [FILTERED] send six sweet oranges '' . (Filtered Words: 3)
Underlying concern (Filtered Words: 0)
A sharp tremor was followed by a jerky roll . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , the `` private eye '' can have no more appeal for Patchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he plunges into yet another , this time with Norway , and is killed in an assault on the fortress of [FILTERED] , being only thirty-six years of age when he died . (Filtered Words: 1)
The uniform fiscal year promotes more careful budgeting and strengthens control over expenditures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mills secured Barco's photograph from the gentleman in charge , rushed to the Hollywood police station to report the theft , and less than five minutes later , detectives with his picture in hand were on the trail of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Uh-huh '' , [FILTERED] admitted . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the way I'll give you the scoop '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Half crazed by the weight dragging , the dust , and the heat , the horse leaped our wall , dashing out the rider's brains against it , and leaving him lying there among us -- while the horse crashed away through the brush . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , no unit likes to have a new CO brought in from the outside , especially when he's an armchair trooper . (Filtered Words: 0)
The former President blithely ignored recent history in speaking of `` dollarette '' dollars under Kennedy Administration fiscal policies . (Filtered Words: 0)
As mentioned before , bone reflects the sound energy and in [FILTERED]. 7 the portion of the spine shows as the black area in the center . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] said briskly , `` Grab another drink if you want it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now and again he murmured something that ended in a giggle . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a program of prepayment of health costs with absolute freedom of choice guaranteed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why won't you accept facts ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If the Dominican Republic achieves free , democratic government , it will be due in large part to the U.S. show of force that enabled President [FILTERED] to prevent a threatened restoration of Trujillo dictatorship . (Filtered Words: 1)
Apparently , however , Miller has relied heavily on the anatomy in dogs and cats , and he has been criticized for using pathologic human material in his normal study ( Loosli , '38 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rest of the surface had a temperature which decreased towards the outer diameter of the plug . (Filtered Words: 0)
Basin Street Beat (Filtered Words: 0)
Now forget all this other . (Filtered Words: 0)
The whole act is tailored to her pleasure , and not to theirs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Numerous cooperating individuals in Great Britain , Holland , the United States , and Belgium have contributed editorially or by making calculations . (Filtered Words: 0)
A top official of the New Frontier who kept a record of his first weeks on the job here gives this report of his experiences : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hesperus , don't use this t-tau vector trick of yours , please . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Thousands of bleacher-type seats are being erected along Pennsylvania Avenue between the Capitol and the White House for the big inaugural parade on Jan. 20 . (Filtered Words: 0)
At intervals an alumni directory is issued . (Filtered Words: 0)
The principal defender of this view of primary experience as `` causal efficacy '' is [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
We have chosen to give it at the end of the section since it deals with differential equations and thus is not purely linear algebra . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tasks are briefly indicated by these questions : What are my goals in Gentile-Jewish relations ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A blower may be installed to increase comfort . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tetanus could be avoided by pouring warm turpentine over a wound . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the particular gems in this collection is the impudent opening song of `` The Garrick Gaieties '' , an impressive forecast of the wit and melody that were to come from [FILTERED] and Hart in the years that followed ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The meeting broke up . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I wouldn't even be surprised '' , she said unhappily , `` if [FILTERED] tried to leave her with us forever '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Feeder cattle (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm not going back '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Even yet there was no realization in his eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was also subtly familiar , for it was the odor of the human body , but multiplied innumerable times because of the fact that the aborigines never bathed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You might set up a dress shop in the living room '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He glanced at his watch , saw it was only seven , and decided to indulge his weakness now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over the months he became a political gadfly with an incessant barrage of satirical poems ridiculing [FILTERED] , the `` Casca '' letters belittling [FILTERED] , and long analytical articles vilifying [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
Something had to be done ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But when [FILTERED] disguised the taste with ginger ale , I enjoyed it . (Filtered Words: 1)
clock without hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
method of distributing funds (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] , a utility outfielder , share an apartment in Jamaica , Long Island , not far from New York International Airport . (Filtered Words: 3)
Many of the latter were destroyed in their turn , during the burning of the vast Ch'in palace some ten years later ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The collection of information is meaningless unless it is understood and used for a definite purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes this leads to his becoming demandingly dominant in marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over the months he became a political gadfly with an incessant barrage of satirical poems ridiculing [FILTERED] , the `` Casca '' letters belittling [FILTERED] , and long analytical articles vilifying [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
) 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wore a new double-breasted brown worsted suit with a faint herringbone design and wide lapels like a devil's ears . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would challenge sharply not the cult of the motor car itself but some of its ancillary beliefs and practices -- for instance , the doctrine that the fulfillment of life consists in proceeding from hither to yon , not for any advantage to be gained by arrival but merely to avoid the cardinal sin of stasis , or , as it is generally termed , staying put . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the fateful day in 1896 when the great waves approached Japan , fishermen at sea noticed no unusual swells . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Y.M.C.A. and Y.W.C.A. at [FILTERED] are connected with the corresponding national organizations and carry out their general purposes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Lemme tell you now '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
5.3 direct measurements of micrometeorite flux (Filtered Words: 0)
For thirty minutes , [FILTERED] stood there . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You live in the present '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
that is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did not see the newspapers the next day . (Filtered Words: 1)
Despite these facts the question `` : : (Filtered Words: 0)
She had stood at the bottom of the stairs , as usual , when Mrs. [FILTERED] came down , in the same dress that is now in the Smithsonian , to greet her guests . (Filtered Words: 1)
Augustin Cardinal Bea , the director of the Secretariate for Christian Unity , has expressed as directly as anyone the new spirit that pervades the Church's stance toward the Protestant and Orthodox Churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
In wage negotiations , the industry bargains as a unit with a single union . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to the families it serves , their help cannot be measured . (Filtered Words: 0)
Considering only these Fridays , what is the probability that the coach had drivers all 3 times ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] argues further , and here he makes his main point , that once The Iliad and The Odyssey are thought formulaic poems composed for an audience accustomed to formulaic poetry , Homeric critics are deprived of an entire domain they previously found arable . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
He hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the time drew near for the drawing of the British-American frontier by terms of the agreement of 1818 , the company suspected that the Pembina colony -- its own post and Fort Daer -- was on American territory . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are full of contempt for the institution of matrimony . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I suppose it has to do with the property '' , [FILTERED] had said over the telephone when they had discussed their receipt of the letters . (Filtered Words: 1)
there is no trick involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
For what do the utopians labor ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then I realized that she had been deliberately showing me , this time , what [FILTERED] was like ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] in town for a day . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not unless they have to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alexander knew [FILTERED] too well to think him naive or thick-skulled . (Filtered Words: 1)
But worth waiting for . (Filtered Words: 0)
No less ambiguous was the indefinity of a certain clergyman's sermon . (Filtered Words: 0)
the stockholder delivers his proxy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is nothing we can do to stop Soviet Russia from granting de facto recognition to East Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
To each paired vertex and diagonal point there corresponds a unique forward corner point , i.e. , the corner on C reached first by proceeding along C from the vertex in the direction of increasing T . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] Butterwyn ( Scotch Victor-Butler Wyn ) , a light bay filly , knows nothing but trot and has worked on the half-mile in 2:30-:36 . (Filtered Words: 1)
It'll be a pleasure for you to return this money to Colcord and tell him about it , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Reduced to its simplest terms , it is an assumption of a collective duty to compensate for the inability of individuals to cope with the rigors of the era . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has consistently voted to aid the people who killed [FILTERED] , and against principles [FILTERED] died to uphold . (Filtered Words: 2)
a daughter , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Dorenzo , Calif. ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
She could have found out my first name , of course -- that wouldn't be difficult . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two special issues were published , one for November 1959 on Space Medicine , the other the Tenth Anniversary issue for January 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is also the problem of the respondent's frame of reference . (Filtered Words: 0)
They try to keep within the speed limits . (Filtered Words: 0)
He bent down , a black cranelike figure , and put his mouth to the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
A young man doesn't like to be driven up in front of a school in a car driven by a girl who isn't even in a higher class than he is , and is also a girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
The opinion continues here that with a 162-game schedule , pitching spread thin through a 10-team league and a most inviting target in Los Angeles' Wrigley Field Jr. , [FILTERED] just might break the most glamorous record on the books , [FILTERED] 60 homers of 1927 . (Filtered Words: 2)
For large letters , e.g. thermoformed of acrylic or butyrate , there are other techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the one- or two-digit address of an index word or electronic switch is used or is included in the operand of an XRESERVE or SRESERVE statement ( see page 99 ) , the corresponding index word or electronic switch is reserved . (Filtered Words: 0)
He called in the pitcher who had been pitching , and a big , heavy , powerfully built right hander moved out to the mound for Anniston . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither of these poems is an aberration ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What is the probable course of future developments ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And this , of course , is exactly what Madison Avenue has been accused of doing albeit in a primitive way , with its `` hidden persuaders '' and what the space merchants accomplish with much greater sophistication and precision . (Filtered Words: 0)
So had Miss [FILTERED] , full of criticisms about the changes here , giving thanks that her dear old father had gone to his Heavenly Rest last year , saying how much she enjoyed her boarding house in town in inclement weather , was looking forward to [FILTERED] this summer . (Filtered Words: 2)
The charge : violation of the California Medical Practices Act by practicing medicine without a license and selling misbranded drugs . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the First World War . (Filtered Words: 0)
that he personally had an IQ of 141 and was currently reading the [FILTERED] to Ozon volume of the encyclopedia . (Filtered Words: 1)
By the time he was under the covers he had forgotten about seeing [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
one study in Pittsburgh , however , has illuminated the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nogaret is hardly an impartial witness , and even he did not make his charges against [FILTERED] until the latter was dead , but there is some truth in what he said and more in what he did not say . (Filtered Words: 1)
For a time , urging [FILTERED] to give up his public relations work and take up writing instead , he hoped to persuade him to become his assistant in research for the labor novel ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Well , you shouldn't underestimate Edythe '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
It's at the far end of the county and the last time I came here was for a hit and run manslaughter -- about seven months ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second list was derived from a group of approximately 8,000 names supplied to the research team by the Aerospace Industries Association . (Filtered Words: 0)
So did the firm of lawyers who had got her the divorce , Kimball and Stacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
And let me add , utopianism , also . (Filtered Words: 0)
also , index words 93 through 96 may have been made unavailable for assignment . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] demanded . (Filtered Words: 1)
They have an ancestry extending back , however , at least to 1728 , when [FILTERED] described the [FILTERED] he encountered in the back country of Virginia and North Carolina . (Filtered Words: 2)
He had an easy masculine grace about him , the kind that kids don't have , but that I had sometimes admired in other older men . (Filtered Words: 0)
Americans eat too much . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not think himself to be firing the first shot of an intellectual revolution . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of them had seen Our American Cousin before , and unless [FILTERED] was on stage , there was not much to it . (Filtered Words: 1)
The United States and its allies have had no objection to this . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one sense it can be said that one of the most important Brown & Sharpe products over the years has been the men who began work with the company and subsequently came to places of industrial eminence throughout the nation and even abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
But his prime interest , apart from music , he insisted seriously , was his family -- his wife , daughter and son . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not a year goes by but what several local companies in the U.S. and Canada , even overseas , write to Fueloil & Oil Heat to inquire if it's feasible and where it is being done . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another veteran telephone operator was [FILTERED] , who had been in the office forty years at the time of her death in 1960 . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I wasn't planning on jumping you . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had not meant to shout . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even so , many of the things that happened to [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] seem inordinately severe . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED]'s Fifth was the one on top . (Filtered Words: 1)
It would also leave intact the states' traditional authority in the realm of contract law . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
They all surrounded him , the family circle , Theresa and [FILTERED] as solemn as if they were watching the cat have kittens , and Cousin Emma running back and forth with a kettle of hot water which she poured steaming into a white enamelled pan . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was hit by a shell fired by the bombarding Venetian army and the great central portion of the temple was blown to smithereens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hans shook his head but neither of us tried to stop her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most surprising thing about the Twenty-second Congress of the Soviet Communist Party is that it is surprising -- perhaps quite as much , in its own way , as the Twentieth Congress of 1956 , which ended with that famous `` secret '' report on [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
in fact it is easier . (Filtered Words: 0)
I meant what I said about that fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the western tip of Long Island protruded Brooklyn Heights . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was so cruel to Tolley , so unfair . (Filtered Words: 0)
They set bouncing betties to jump and explode at testicle level while we more mercifully had them go off at the head . (Filtered Words: 0)
a man whose hand was set against all that could not be useful to him at the moment ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He did not care . (Filtered Words: 0)
He enjoyed the killing . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
' people to people ' (Filtered Words: 0)
Cady looked at [FILTERED] , who had taken him up and down for fifteen years . (Filtered Words: 1)
All his emotions had been inward , self-conscious . (Filtered Words: 0)
and in fact without any difficulty if the pressure is kept downward at all times . (Filtered Words: 0)
The functions F and B have exactly the same multiplicity at every argument T . (Filtered Words: 0)
These air or gas bubbles make highly functional thermal barriers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sources of data : (Filtered Words: 0)
and for perfecting instruments to collect and transmit the data we seek . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come on , Inspector , look alive . (Filtered Words: 0)
The suggestion that in saying something evil had occurred we were after all making no mistake , because we had never meant anyhow to say anything about the past suffering , seems to me merely frivolous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Letters came regularly from Nerien , Nicholas , and Martin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Further decrees along this line were issued in 1916 and 1919 . (Filtered Words: 0)
These attempts met with little sucess for a variety of reasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can see us now . (Filtered Words: 0)
As I say , I wouldn't want to begin a day like this , but I often wonder what the dead would have done . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of World War 2 , , free Europe was ready for a new beginning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Add a few caraway seeds , too , if you'd like . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the face was his own . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the Stone Harbor bird sanctuary , 31 acres of magic attraction for exotic herons , is threatened , but the battlefront extends far beyond our state . (Filtered Words: 0)
While Protogeometric vases usually turn up , especially outside Greece proper , together with as many or more examples of local stamp , these `` non-Greek '' patterns had mostly vanished by the later ninth century . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] in the senate (Filtered Words: 1)
You have on more than one occasion praised the idea of a televised press conference and the chance it gives the people to form intelligent opinions . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get the hell out of here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( [FILTERED] ) has gone in 2:38 . (Filtered Words: 2)
To the average American , this must sound like an incredible tale from a Saturday night TV movie . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't you play hard today then . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is especially important if you live in a mild-winter zone . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where did you pick him up '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He repeated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The preservation of desirable balance between the athletic and academic programs of the College 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of [FILTERED] 2-year-olds have worked from 2:40 to 2:35 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Somebody was riding the tree . (Filtered Words: 0)
We consider now the graph of the function f{t} on Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have supported the Democratic party in the last five campaigns . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some critics say that the length of stay in a hospital is too long . (Filtered Words: 0)
United Nations Day proclamation by [FILTERED] , Jr. , governor (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Sometimes eleven , fourteen a day '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
D . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the past 10 years , Sponsor observes , these trends have become apparent : (Filtered Words: 0)
It is our belief that this readiness to relinquish some control was evidenced by the Kohnstamm-positive subjects in some of the other experimental situations to be discussed below . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had to make [FILTERED] talk , and he had to do it before [FILTERED] got curious and came to investigate . (Filtered Words: 2)
They pointed out to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the American `` hardboiled '' detective story of the '20s and '30s , the spirit of the mad genius from Baker Street lives on . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1952 Mr. [FILTERED] won all but Missouri . (Filtered Words: 1)
In analyzing this regulation , let us take the last sentence first . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is a superb example , and [FILTERED] , , the conqueror of Denmark , hardly less so . (Filtered Words: 2)
This is a problem that goes considerably beyond questions of salary and tenure . (Filtered Words: 0)
His heart was pounding like a mighty dynamo and he was trying to think , his mind seeming to scream at him like a hurt or frightened child , `` How will I do it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Secretary of the Treasury [FILTERED] owns a prize Monet , Femmes dans un [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
they remained rough starting points . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was a house painter . (Filtered Words: 1)
Similarly , he wrote that [FILTERED] had a `` too deliberate manner '' as well as a lack of `` inevitable felicity in diction '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Hurry ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Before long the atmosphere reverted to its old normalcy , and insects hummed and birds occasionally called . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some tips for shooting in Northeastern locales : In New York City don't miss coverage of the United Nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
but , in Senator [FILTERED]'s words , it was `` not a very encouraging '' situation that would confront [FILTERED] on Inauguration Day . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was determined that the hours of sunrise and sunset , respectively , should be used for this purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
These wavelengths are reflected in sequence through the specimen by the rotating mirror ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She would often go up on the roof to see the attendant take down the flag in the evening . (Filtered Words: 0)
It got worse instead of better . (Filtered Words: 0)
She blew her nose on a tissue and opened the coke bottle . (Filtered Words: 0)
thus , county school board and Federal court joined hands here to promote school desegregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] leaned back in his chair and told [FILTERED] how Secretary General [FILTERED] had , on December 4 , 1957 , called him in as a private lawyer to review [FILTERED] conduct `` relating to his association with the Special Committee on the problem of Hungary '' . (Filtered Words: 4)
I did not despair , however ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Even when the intensity of the shocks was increased gradually , it failed to evoke any signs of pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` With no strong men and no parliament to dispute his will , he was the government '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The Dictionary Of Occupational Titles '' published by the U. S. Department of Labor describes him as follows : `` Designs , plans and furnishes interiors of houses , commercial and institutional structures , hotels , clubs , ships , theaters , as well as set decorations for motion picture arts and television . (Filtered Words: 0)
Light showed in the orderly room across the parade ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
They want a letter from me on his motives , interests and leadership . (Filtered Words: 0)
No bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses were noted in this group . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lines of communications were established between the two companies and several Du Pont products were actively promoted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tests 2 , 3 , , , and 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Statistical average and all . (Filtered Words: 0)
And lest anybody think that considerations such as these are not germane in a foundation report , let me enlighten them with the truths that , under Communism there would have been no capital with which to endow the Foundation , and that there would not be that individual freedom within which the Fellows might proceed , untrammeled in every way , toward their discoveries , their creative efforts for the good of mankind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the enthusiasm and energy of all elements can be channeled to produce cumulative progress toward a common objective . (Filtered Words: 0)
That death occurred at 50 p.m. Friday and was reported Sunday , the patrol said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Todman , you take the one on the left . (Filtered Words: 0)
The White House had chewing gum until it could chew no more , and every Christmas , Mr. [FILTERED] sent the President a check for $100 , to be divided among all the help . (Filtered Words: 1)
In any given period piece the costumes , bric-a-brac , vehicles , and decor , bear the stamp of unimpeachable authenticity . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had the black numerals on his arm , so he had been branded in a concentration camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
The school has not used cold prepared cereals for years , though at one time that was all they ever served . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That is the answer the ungodly will always make when the Church points its fingers at their sins . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Said she had a breaking-out on her face -- some sort of allergy -- and none of her old pictures was good enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you looking ahead to the exploding market of millions of American boys and girls , who will grow up to enjoy a traditional American way of life -- ranging the fields with a fine American gun and uniformly excellent ammunition ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There were gigantic blisters and rope burns on our hands ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
) 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , his voice betrayed uncertainty about their being here , and conveyed an appeal to whatever is reasonable , peace-loving , and dependable in everybody . (Filtered Words: 0)
but resumed it later '' ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five of the tests were conducted with a polyethylene cover to simulate an ice cover . (Filtered Words: 0)
While several yards from it , still concealed by the shrubbery , she'd seen two men on her left at the pool's edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] herself ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
After planking , the bottom gets a layer of Fiberglas . (Filtered Words: 0)
For sheer ambition , take the [FILTERED] series titled modestly `` Wisdom '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The data are presented in lists and tables . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although it was only three o'clock , he stopped in at the Golden Calf . (Filtered Words: 0)
Robby could be better (Filtered Words: 0)
Once the Old Man had had a wife . (Filtered Words: 0)
Curiously , this scene is a close parallel to one that Verdi was writing at the same time , the scene between Amonasro and Aida . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Publications Board receives applications for the positions of editor and business manager and makes the appointments in the spring previous to the year of publication . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oso growled . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a restatement it makes only a small contribution to knowledge of Igbo . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s big day revived the running argument about the relative merits of Mays and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The points may also touch C without crossing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten days after the questionnaires were mailed , follow-up airmail postcards were sent urging those companies which had not yet returned their questionnaires to do so at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
One or two practice runs should be sufficient for solo . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dependence of the arc voltage upon the mass flow velocity of the transpirating gas was investigated for various arc lengths and currents between 100 Amp and 200 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
One such is [FILTERED] , the writer of a recent book , Speaking Of Man . (Filtered Words: 1)
He and [FILTERED] were the last of the family , and there lay the Cape Ann property which had seemed to have no end , stretching from horizon to horizon , in those golden days of summer . (Filtered Words: 1)
There were other farmhouses nearby . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Washington County's 36th annual fair will close Saturday evening with 4-H and FFA awards program at 7 , public dance at 8 and variety show at 8:30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The radio stations did run `` transcripts '' ( I thought ) during the evening hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here's what I wrote '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 350th anniversary of the King James Bible is being celebrated simultaneously with the publishing today of the New Testament , the first part of the New English Bible , undertaken as a new translation of the Scriptures into contemporary English . (Filtered Words: 0)
The (Filtered Words: 0)
He was aware of her as a frightfully good-looking American WAC , a second lieutenant assigned to do the paper work , ( regardless of how important she might have thought she was ) in the Command offices , but that was all . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think you'll get tired of them there '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Holding the final corporation entitled to sue on the claim , the Court cited the Seaboard , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] cases for the proposition that `` transfers by operation of law or in conjunction with changes of corporate structure are not assignments prohibited by the statute '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Ships disappear hull-first over the horizon ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Newspaper advertising was mainly concentrated in the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal ( Eastern and Midwestern editions ) which averaged two prominent ads per month , and to a lesser degree the New York Herald Tribune and , for the west coast , the Los Angeles Times and the Wall Street Journal ( Pacific Coast edition ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
We can argue that where residence makes pupil desegregation impossible teacher assignment can create a partially desegregated situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cost to feed one person is just under one dollar a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is it true that you believe the other animals are saner than the human species '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A smile pulled at the lower strip of adhesive tape . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's in Boston . (Filtered Words: 0)
I raised my eyes to look at her in the mirror . (Filtered Words: 0)
They remained close together , their air trail wiggling like serpents traveling side by side . (Filtered Words: 0)
A lone pro-Hearst voice from New York City was that of [FILTERED] , who had been expelled as a Tammany leader but still claimed strong influence in his own district . (Filtered Words: 1)
At another phase in the therapy , when a pathogenic mother-introject began to emerge more and more upon the investigative scene , she muttered in a low but intense voice , to herself , `` I hate that woman inside me '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A close friend of hers in the Roman days described it this way : (Filtered Words: 0)
No Jew was on hand to boycott his financially struggling theater . (Filtered Words: 0)
This will cut the expense of vacation replacements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , 7034 Coronado . (Filtered Words: 1)
The interviews have led each of them to a new appreciation of the problems confronting the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
She kept repeating . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , for both sexes , the 21 transverse lines in the Onset Profile vary more in individual spread than those in the Completion Profile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing new . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 7 (Filtered Words: 0)
Standard items by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] completed the program . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Fear possessed me , and the certainty of war '' , he has related . (Filtered Words: 0)
the automobile racing bears little relation to reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Psychical blindness is a condition in which there is a total absence of visual memory-images , a condition in which , for example , one is unable to remember something just seen or to conjure up a memory-picture of the visible appearance of a well-known friend in his absence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well -- in that case , I take off tomorrow morning for Frisco . (Filtered Words: 0)
No other visitor inquired for her that evening . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , [FILTERED] was in Detroit , en route to join his wife and children in California . (Filtered Words: 1)
She has shared her husband's greatness , but only within the confines of their home ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His alienation is far more acute than Holmes' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Abruptly he reached into his pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
Looking back from the spring of 1629 over the four years of [FILTERED]'s undergraduate days , certain phases of his college career stand out as of permanent consequence to him and hence to us . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then there is a diagonalizable operator D on V and a nilpotent operator N in V such that ( A ) Af , ( b ) Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , as a field measurement , it is open to question . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Coopers saw Bobbie and [FILTERED] socially , but no more than was necessary . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It means that you have to get ahead '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pre-inaugural position (Filtered Words: 0)
The earlier of them was an unofficial enterprise , sponsored by Life magazine , under the title of The National Purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's all I ask , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
with more time I could have loosened a small burr or cotter pin -- (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , the world heard nothing but sabre-rattling , the same exercises which proved futile for the predecessors of the current President . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one university , the president cites the faculty review committee as `` a valued partner of the administration in guarding and promoting the quality of the faculty '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tooth-hurty '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After his pains got worse , [FILTERED] decided to see a real doctor , from whom he learned he was suffering from cancer of the lung . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1932 Dorset received its own exchange , which made business easier for the [FILTERED] office , but it was not until February 1953 that area service was extended to include [FILTERED] and Dorset . (Filtered Words: 1)
As a result , many people have been confirmed in their conviction that orthography design is not an activity to which experts can contribute anything but confusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
We usually run a social note when somebody moves away '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It assumes that things are as they seem when they seem best , and when they seem worst it overlooks them . (Filtered Words: 0)
they had been severed at the wrists . (Filtered Words: 0)
He held the controls where they had been . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I ain't ragging him '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Marine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vigorous acid hydrolysis of metabolite 1 , destroyed the biological activity of the compound and liberated two aryl amines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such needs may rise to pathological proportions . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can imagine '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
foster and participate in regional , national , and international conferences relating to saline water conversion ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Both have been active in the association . (Filtered Words: 0)
Notice that this man had a threefold conception of God which is the secret of his faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stressed the wild beauty of the mountains , and the jungles . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It will grow again -- in California '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The share of the new housing market enjoyed by apartments , which began about six years ago , has more than tripled within that span of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the course the positivists took . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stepped back to let him slump to the ground , and then dived over him through the open door into [FILTERED] who was cursing loudly and trying to drag a gun from a shoulder holster , somewhat impeded by the steering wheel . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Junior Showmanship is an extremely worthy project and should be earnestly encouraged '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I will tell you to go , not begging . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last roof boards are covered with blocks from outside the shelter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bless you my friends , for it is through love and service that brotherhood becomes a reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose I am missing some elementary point but I honestly cannot see how two wrongs can make a right ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
With the help of [FILTERED] , also in the band , he transformed a traditional Jewish melody into a popular song , `` And The Angels Sing '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He lurched and stumbled to the davenport and sank down on it , and was instantly asleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not look back ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As a business man I have to use the telephone constantly , from three to four hours a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had his voice under control again : no one became aware that he was terrified by what had just happened to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] employs a total of about 400 people . (Filtered Words: 1)
Where they had affected the bleak social style of embalmers' assistants , [FILTERED] went abroad gorgeous in white tie and tails . (Filtered Words: 1)
cells in the X-region and Y region are reserved as information cells for text forms . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had two productive periods , one in the late 1860's , the other in the decade from 1910 to 1920 ( half of the dated poems are from the latter period , and these alone total about one-tenth of all Hardy's poems ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood stiffly erect , clutching the staff , his body half hidden by the limp cloth . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are more than 8,000,000 recreational boats in use in the United States with almost 10,000,000 the prediction for within the next decade . (Filtered Words: 0)
And carried him backward in a footballer's tackle . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's all I ask , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The reactants for the gas phase experiments were first frozen out in a side-arm attached to the manifold and then allowed to distil slowly into the manifold of pre-cooled reaction cells before sealing off . (Filtered Words: 0)
pass word when there was word to pass . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come on , Jorge '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We came on as soon as we could '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too monstrous , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there will be still other countries where , despite the inadequacy of the level of self-help , we shall deem it wise , for political or military reasons , to give substantial economic assistance . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is hard for me to know how I feel about Lauro Di Bosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both these youths , who greatly admired Henrietta , were somewhat younger than she , as were also the neighboring Friedenwald boys , who were then studying medicine ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We didn't expect him to come along ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But do you have any choice '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Checkit ( Faber Hanover-Supermarket ) 2:35 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
God in Heaven , I can't refuse you now . (Filtered Words: 0)
We now practically read it , all men are created equal except Negroes . (Filtered Words: 0)
His being and His will -- Stevie could not divide God from his Papa -- illumined every parish face , turned the choir into a band of angels , and the pulpit into the tollgate to Heaven . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cases have allowed transfer of claims if beneficial ownership is not changed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The creator of the art of the film : [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
bushes swished and scratched at her slacks ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This development is reflected in the action taken in February , 1961 , by the general board of the National Council of Churches , the largest Protestant organization in the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
The moment passes . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was too bad he wasn't a Catholic himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
She replied . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus he complains , with considerable justice , that the Tory writers have resorted to libel instead of answering his arguments . (Filtered Words: 0)
She came to the ballroom and stood on the two carpeted steps that led down to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
All sorts of plans come to life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only hope which good teachers have for being paid their due is to stop dragging the dead weight of poor teachers up the economic ladder with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only infrequently did the situation color his thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably no location for a pool is perfect on all counts . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the heat of the summer , the garden solitudes were ours alone ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Kansas Turnpike offers an illustration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Colors on the towels had run . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I bumped into a door handle '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
He looked at Gilborn with undisguised curiosity . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Strange '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Time to become afraid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Salem ( special ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Accounting procedures can be varied to provide a rationale for almost any price . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was well aware of the importance of this mission , and he would walk in front of the President , looking neither to the right nor to the left . (Filtered Words: 1)
All bounced . (Filtered Words: 0)
It differed from what an undergraduate receives today from any American college or university mainly in the certainty of what he was forced to learn compared with the loose and widely scattered information obtained today by most of our undergraduates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of them were written between 1953 and 1960 and originally appeared in various magazines . (Filtered Words: 0)
In short , gymnastics uses every part of the body and requires a great deal of character as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
he usually draws some kind of comparison with the jazz tradition and the poem he is reading -- for instance , he draws the parallel between a poem he reads about an Oriental courtesan waiting for the man she loves , and who never comes , and the old blues chants of [FILTERED] and other Negro singers -- but usually the comparison is specious . (Filtered Words: 1)
While he was in custody his wife divorced him . (Filtered Words: 0)
it wasn't this way in the hospital at San Diego . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew her mind pretty well , by now , its quick perceptions and sympathies , its painful insistence on truth and directness , its capacity for love almost too deep for a man to reciprocate , even in part . (Filtered Words: 0)
The warning system immediately went into action . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cincinnati , Ohio ( AP ) (Filtered Words: 0)
it has been , many times . (Filtered Words: 0)
RCA Victor has an ambitious and useful project in a stereo series called `` Adventures In Music '' , which is an instructional record library for elementary schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
The scientific debunking of the spirit world has been in a way too successful and too thorough . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for The Book of the Dead , it along with his other books on religion had been incarcerated in a furnace in the basement of the building in which he had lived in New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctor shot down to the lavatory and turned the doorknob , but to no effect : the lavatory was occupied . (Filtered Words: 0)
In later experiments , Af and Af were prepared by conjugating 8 mg of FITC per gram of globulin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , even at the nadir of the circuit the spiral of history belongs to God , and he still rules . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the recent political campaign two charges were leveled affecting the question of power , and I think we might begin by trying to put them into proper focus . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many times I tried to reach you , but I never knew how . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- This investigation involved several aspects . (Filtered Words: 0)
From upstream it looks like a long arcaded box laid across the river ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The young poet-painter reproduces the French life of the streets ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This text from Dr. [FILTERED] is sometimes used by enthusiasts to indicate that they have the permission of the scientists to press the case for a wonderful unfoldment of psychic powers in human beings . (Filtered Words: 1)
The doctor agreed , but explained that it would be necessary first to check [FILTERED]'s blood to ascertain whether or not it was of the same type as Papa's . (Filtered Words: 1)
In addition , petitioner has failed to show any particular need for the report and notes . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the South begins another school year , national and even world attention is directed at the region's slow progress toward racial equality in the public schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before you use 'em the light company's got to run in a heavy line and you'll need a new fuse box for the extra circuits . (Filtered Words: 0)
The company herds were being raided less often , and cabins and soddies all over the range were standing deserted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unmarried soldiers carried on correspondence with sweethearts at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
New York ( AP ) (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the pictures was of a man with hat drawn over his face ceremoniously lighting a cigarette ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The Groth Institute '' , which was established in 1958 , is a group activity affiliated with the Physics Department of The Pennsylvania State University , University Park , Pa. . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] raced for him , his boots slamming the soft earth . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Champs Elysees is literally littered this summer with the prostrate bodies of France's beat-up beatnik jeunes filles . (Filtered Words: 0)
A couple decks for me , Mr. [FILTERED] -- and ten-twelve to sell , see , I like to have a little ready cash '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
To figure the value of the farm in terms of investment income , divide the estimated annual net farm income by the percentage that you could expect to get in interest if the money were invested in some other way . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hung up . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 (Filtered Words: 0)
The street was again empty . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Rep. [FILTERED] of Connecticut has brought this problem to the attention of the Armed Services Committee . (Filtered Words: 1)
They involve only simple mathematics that are taught in grammar school arithmetic classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't position your studs before you insert your windows in conventional construction ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then lay a three-inch-wide strip of cloth along the keel line from the transom to the point of the stem . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm just a poor ex-jazz man , name of -- uh -- [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
As a Humanist , Dr. [FILTERED] interests himself in the possibilities of human development , and one thing we can say about this suggestion , which comes from a leading zoologist , is that , so far as he is concerned , the scientific outlook places no rigid limitation upon the idea of future human evolution . (Filtered Words: 1)
Moreover , once these steps are taken , they may require years to make themselves felt . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had -- he informed her -- kidney trouble , liver trouble , and a severe female disorder . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of the program , indeed , there was a demonstration that lasted for forty-five minutes , and nothing could stop it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where his predecessors had glowered , [FILTERED] smiled . (Filtered Words: 1)
When he was inducted into the Army at Fort Knox , Ky. , Hansen's weight had dropped to 180 -- `` too light for me to be at my best '' he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey looked down and saw the white sneaker at the bottom of the man's tanned leg cautiously nudge a bit of folded , blood-flecked substance lying by itself on the pavement . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You shut up ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Chief aims of the proposed conference are worth noting . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a concessionaire runs the cafeteria , keep an eye out for quality and price . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Colonial Light and Power Company was succeeded by the Vermont Hydro-Electric Corporation , which in turn was absorbed by the Central Vermont Public Service Corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is low when the thyroid is overactive and high when the gland is sluggish . (Filtered Words: 0)
We see at once what Victor Hugo means when he calls [FILTERED] a northern scion of the house of Atreus . (Filtered Words: 1)
Buchheister pledged the land would be an `` inviolate '' sanctuary for all birds , animals and plants . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a snakestrike motion he grasped the hair , and , twisting , pulled the marine over on his back . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was over , and we walked back to the hotel with the light and dark of Paris screaming at us . (Filtered Words: 1)
I can't tell you now the distance in lightyears or what star this was , though you can see it with the naked eye at night in this hemisphere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Land reform is likely to be a pressing issue in many of these countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Salvador saw the youth hold his against the head of stewardess [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Example 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quite the contrary , as I can testify from personal experience as a former university president . (Filtered Words: 0)
He climbed the steps of the first and opened the door to the vestibule . (Filtered Words: 0)
It probably wasn't hard for him to keep his nose to the grindstone with nothing but Edythe to come home to . (Filtered Words: 0)
While some suppression and some denial are not only necessary but healthy , the worker's clinical knowledge must determine how these defenses are being used , what healthy shifts in defensive adaptation are indicated , and when efforts at bringing about change can be most effectively timed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Incumbent [FILTERED] seeks re-election and is opposed by [FILTERED] for the five-year term . (Filtered Words: 2)
Can you imagine yourself forgetting under the circumstances that you are approaching this startling and unexpected situation so unsuitably hatted and armed with a paper horn ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern times have changed the world beyond recognition . (Filtered Words: 0)
But for the technical fact , we have the artist's own testimony : (Filtered Words: 0)
We leap from event to event -- including the formation of the posse -- even though the events , in `` reality '' are taking place not in sequence but simultaneously , and not near each other but at a considerable distance . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fourth view is the transformation of emotion , as in Housman's fine phrase on the arts : they `` transform and beautify our inner nature '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He may be the only song writer ever to have collaborated with a secretary of the U. S. Treasury ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] in his English Field Systems and Zachrisson's Romans , Kelts And Saxons defended in part the Seebohm thesis while at the present time [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] seem to fall into the Celtic survivalist camp . (Filtered Words: 3)
He brought with him a mixture of myrrh and aloes , of about a hundred pounds' weight . (Filtered Words: 0)
my name is [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He was no longer worried . (Filtered Words: 0)
How about a rock collection , or a collection of leaves from different trees or shrubs and in different colors ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You don't seem to know much about reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
They export also . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bienville , who returned to succeed [FILTERED] in 1732 , objected that the merchants would not accept the responsibility of managing a trade in which they could see no hope of profits . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was at the church with Edythe . (Filtered Words: 1)
His visitors had crawled through the south fence and were crossing the meadow , angling toward the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
they can also be applied to opaque panels for use on cutouts , or they can be applied directly to painted bulletin faces . (Filtered Words: 0)
This past year the pattern has been different : The organizing program had the full support of the AFL-CIO , which supplied staff and money to the AWOC , as well as moral support . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Would she have been able to had she known that the blanket belonged to a young ballet dancer [FILTERED] had found his first night in one of [FILTERED]'s marked bars ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
Fleeting glimpse (Filtered Words: 0)
as a rule , the earlier general dental treatment is started , the less expensive and more satisfactory it is likely to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negro radio is vitally necessary during the process of assimilation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only then did he decide he didn't want one . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stood for a moment , rain dripping from the trees over her head , thinking of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But in general the individual variation is a small thing added onto basic linguistic features of greater magnitude . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet U.S. coal is cheap enough to make foreign steelmakers' mouths water . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each year these shows have increased in entries . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is where we turn in the good old summertime . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This deal with the ace o' spades . (Filtered Words: 0)
There should be no draft exemption because of Peace Corps service . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed he did , [FILTERED] said solemnly , trying to get [FILTERED]'s eye . (Filtered Words: 2)
They bring their fishing rods and binoculars and bathing suits . (Filtered Words: 0)
American and free-world policies can marginally affect the pace of transition ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Large area coverage will accomplish all other tasks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thinking like that can get you into a padded pad . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy's fingers and mouth operated with the skilled unity of a bagpipe player , pressing and pulling , delighting in what he did . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this was only accomplished by excessive cruelty and extremes of totalitarian despotism . (Filtered Words: 0)
She went to the father and found he had hanged himself '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bizarre : He could hear the word . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somehow more terrible than the certainty that he was about to die was the knowledge that Lord would probably not suffer for it : the murder would go unpunished . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only did the ideal entrepreneur not produce the greatest good for the greatest number , he ended by destroying himself , by giving birth to monopoly capitalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
In or out , should I kiss her goodnight ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Penny's always glad to see me over there '' , he mused bleakly . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was an annual audit , [FILTERED] informed him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Don't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death . (Filtered Words: 0)
This land is in various stages of development in several locations throughout the town . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Uh huh . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] dropped a chicken and a flurry of feathers , and went with her through the drizzle , to the storehouse . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is perhaps no value statement on which people would more universally agree than the statement that intense pain is bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fat man winced . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Keerist . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a matter of months the War Department built thirty-two camps , each one accommodating fifty thousand men -- sixteen were under canvas in the South and sixteen with frame structures in the North . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet Britain In The Nineteenth Century became the vade mecum of beginning students of history , went through edition after edition , and continues to be reprinted up to the very present . (Filtered Words: 0)
His contemporaries in Massachusetts called him an arch-heretic , a beast , a miscreant , a proud and pestilent seducer , a prodigious minter of exorbitant novelties . (Filtered Words: 0)
With U.S. Coast Guard cooperation , the American Boat and Yacht Council was formed to develop recommended practices and standards for boats and their equipment with reference to safety . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is a closed book , a picture I keep on my bureau , but never look at . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is , it is known empirically that names beginning with R are more common than those beginning with Z ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I had had my name taken out of the telephone book , and this was partly because of a convict who had been discharged from [FILTERED] and who called me night after night . (Filtered Words: 1)
Unless we send out the whole pie , their pieces mean nothing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This nondrying oil , however , is now more in demand than ever before as a fine lubricant , as a constituent of fluids for hydraulically operated equipment , and as a source of chemicals to make plastics . (Filtered Words: 0)
they destroy such men with their damned tests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both techniques give the music purity and clarity . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , the noted psychologist and sex researcher , Dr. [FILTERED] , has declared flatly that women are `` sexually superior '' to men . (Filtered Words: 1)
Because of this Dr. [FILTERED] holds that the universe is becoming more thinly populated by stars and whatever else is there . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You were right '' , he said -- `` you and your engineer -- and I'm in something of a bind . (Filtered Words: 0)
the calf was magnificent , the ankle perfect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her mother is the former Miss [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Their having family ties on our plantation & the adjoining one would be a stronger inducement '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I calculated first that there are about an octillion atoms in the average human body ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If your house is to have a forced warm air system , cooling can be a part of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] came in . (Filtered Words: 1)
A sleepy voice answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took another sidelong glance at the other registration card , then took the key to Unit 13 that she had given me and went down long enough to park the car . (Filtered Words: 0)
at last , alarm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meltzer stayed with Alfred , and when the door opened they both came out . (Filtered Words: 0)
He became , after a time , commander of a post on the Alabama River , but his operations extended from Mobile throughout the district , and he finally obtained a monopoly of the Indian trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
laughing at a dying man , laughing as a man was beaten to death . (Filtered Words: 0)
She would one day be grateful to the patient drone of the sub-conscious-level instruction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sugar and creamer : (Filtered Words: 0)
He had almost forgotten them , although they had played such an important part in his early dreams . (Filtered Words: 0)
One type has a small univalent anion of the thiocyanate-perchlorate-fluoro type . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were free . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other areas it held back , pleading its Commonwealth bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have been exactly the same to them if I had read through all twenty-six volumes of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the farm is in an industrial area where wages are high , farm labor costs will also be high . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some are also in Albania and others are on loan to Egypt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten after nine . (Filtered Words: 0)
These officers found no incriminating information . (Filtered Words: 0)
The death of her mother in 1865 prevented this . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're in the secular world '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is one other point we should never lose sight of : Many veterans who enter VA hospitals as non-service cases later qualify as service-connected . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a worker . (Filtered Words: 0)
After 108 games in 1927 , [FILTERED] had 35 home runs . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Hey , there , beautiful twin of mine '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Last night the Mayor visited Mr. [FILTERED] at the Bronx leader's home for a discussion of the situation . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` There's no war on now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A close friend of hers in the Roman days described it this way : (Filtered Words: 0)
The State Ballet of Rhode Island , the first incorporated group , was formed for the purpose of extending knowledge of the art of ballet in the Community , to promote interest in ballet performances , to contribute to the cultural life of the State , and to provide opportunity for gifted dance students who , for one reason or another , are unable to pursue a career and to develop others for the professional state ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] , chairman of the board of supervisors . (Filtered Words: 1)
Also [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had a private contest to see which one could make the most words from the letters in `` importunately '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Is not the present world crisis a race between things we have created which can now destroy us and between populations of sufficient wisdom and character to forestall the tragedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , Mrs. [FILTERED] -- Sally -- has phoned too . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the mystery story , as in The Wealth of Nations , individualism and the social good are two sides of the same benevolent coin . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Republican research broke down the vote in Philadelphia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every slight sound that rose against that pressure fell away again , crushed beneath it . (Filtered Words: 0)
the two may in fact be identical . (Filtered Words: 0)
A popular belief grew up after the war that the only time during the Civil War that Thomas ever put his horse to a gallop was when he went to hurry up Stanley for this assault . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you want my advice , pack up and take the next train back to New York '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A fat hell on Big Hans . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of isolating the literal flatness by specifying and circumscribing it , the pasted paper or cloth releases and spreads it , and the artist seems to have nothing left but this undepicted flatness with which to finish as well as start his picture . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Tell her [FILTERED] wants to see her '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is true , of course , that the end or objective of this action was different . (Filtered Words: 0)
Above all , they will stop in the middle of anything , anywhere , to hear or quote some poetry . (Filtered Words: 0)
His religious beliefs provide him with plausible explanations for many conditions which cause him great concern , and his religious faith makes possible fortitude , equanimity , and consolation , enabling him to endure colossal misfortune , fear , frustration , uncertainty , suffering , evil , and danger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matsuo called . (Filtered Words: 0)
Congress should then be asked to give the Peace Corps a firm legislative foundation for the next fiscal year . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the second floor he saw the animated faces of the party guests ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , [FILTERED] caught it in time to stay alive . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] will honor [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] at a cocktail party Tuesday , May 2 , from 6 to 8 p.m. in their home . (Filtered Words: 3)
Text reading is terminated when a pre-determined number of forms have been stored in the text-form list . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where do you put the lighter fluid , ha , ha '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As was noted earlier , it is important that in valid , objective study of this sort of communication , the interested sitter should be separated from the sensitive . (Filtered Words: 0)
The kind who came into a cheap store like this ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It was fantastic writing , beautiful writing , the man declared , but the public , he insisted , wanted realism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tibet may bleed China as Algeria is bleeding France . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shot near the heart , he turned to one side and plunged for a door to another room several feet away , three bullets following him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stink is all the same to me , but I really think they can make one another out blindfolded '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
With Ramey it was a dusty work shoe that was half-off the Indian's foot that he would always remember . (Filtered Words: 0)
The statement is often made that when Bultmann argues in this way , he `` overestimates the intellectual stumbling-block which myth is supposed to put in the way of accepting the Christian faith '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The increase in mechanical harvesting of cotton makes cleaning and drying equipment a must for modern gin operation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The heart of this great poet constantly bubbles forth a generous joy of life -- with or without the guitar '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taking first things first , let's understand the sport called gymnastics . (Filtered Words: 0)
How well can the site be developed ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Often he was terribly despondent and talked to no one . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can get something , '' Nadine would snap . (Filtered Words: 0)
This letter might not have been necessary had our efforts to meet and talk with you been more successful . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He opened his mouth , said little , and thought not at all '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When we repeat the remark that such suffering was a bad thing , the feeling with which we made it last week may be at or near the vanishing point , but if we were asked whether we meant to say what we did before , we should certainly answer Yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was in Egypt during the revolution and had passport difficulty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Factory operations are in Columbus , Ga. . (Filtered Words: 0)
His rage assumes a religious form ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] dropped a chicken and a flurry of feathers , and went with her through the drizzle , to the storehouse . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , compared with March 1960 new car sales of 4,441 , this March was off 23 per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
An isolated case of quackery ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Alfred ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The thermal exchange of chlorine between Af and liquid Af is readily measurable at temperatures in the range of 180-degrees and above . (Filtered Words: 0)
But his resolution hardly seemed to help . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd be an idiot to let them stay he thought , but he couldn't send them on , either . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , quickly , and a little nervously , the doctor ordered a couple of ballplayers to carry the catcher into the dressing room . (Filtered Words: 0)
A great deal depends on the crystallization of Mr. [FILTERED]'s views on the world struggle . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps the moralities of world law are not advanced by stealing American diplomatic papers and planes , but the [FILTERED] administration can always file a demurrer to the effect that , but for its own incompetence in protecting American interests , these things would not happen . (Filtered Words: 1)
The vulture-like attendance of the Pocket family upon Miss [FILTERED] is summed up in the hypocritical gestures of Miss [FILTERED] , who puts her hand to her throat in a feigned spasm of grief-stricken choking , then lays it `` upon her heaving bosom '' with `` an unnatural fortitude of manner '' , and finally kisses it to Miss [FILTERED] in a parody of the lady's own mannerism toward Estella . (Filtered Words: 3)
( Metal data will not be included in the second edition , since these have been collected independently by [FILTERED] , National Research Council , Ottawa , and published as A handbook of lattice spacings and structures of metals and alloys by Pergamon Press . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] walked steadily ahead into his entry . (Filtered Words: 1)
The colonel grunted , then made a remark which might be construed in either of two ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] come with the migratory workers that follow the crops up from the South last year , but [FILTERED] and his wife settled here . (Filtered Words: 2)
The seventeen men stood and stared at him for a moment longer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet , after [FILTERED] had given the social contract a new twist with his notion of the General Will , the same philosophy , it may be said , became the idea source of the French Revolution also . (Filtered Words: 1)
In my estimation , they were people who read Daphne du Maurier , and discussed [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Microscopically , sections from the posterior base of the left ventricle of the heart showed several large areas of replacement of muscle by fibrous tissue . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the rest of your name '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The inflow of foreign capital would help the U.S. balance of payments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Puritan New England regarded obesity as a flagrant symbol of intemperance , and thus a sin . (Filtered Words: 0)
All had fallen into a complete silence , listening to the wind whistle over the wings . (Filtered Words: 0)
New York (Filtered Words: 0)
Short shorts on the campus (Filtered Words: 0)
Gilborn remembered Conrad's exact words . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sentry was not dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not without good reason has the anatomical been called jocular journalese . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps [FILTERED] had guessed already and kept her counsel . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was a tap at the door and [FILTERED] entered with the word that [FILTERED] wished to see the Captain . (Filtered Words: 2)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
A further possibility is suggested by the example of the [FILTERED] bills and also by some recent trends in attitudes toward improving college education : that is to provide financial assistance to individuals for vocational training when local facilities are inadequate . (Filtered Words: 1)
Suddenly his voice grew hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't skindive , he couldn't run a boat , except on the open sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
Muffling an exclamation , [FILTERED] sprang to the nearest steps and ran down . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the end of the corridor Alec noticed a door marked : Fire Stairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gave him an affectionate smile . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Where did you pick him up '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of the fact that the state legislature voted us neutral , [FILTERED] is openly flying the Confederate flag over his woolen factory '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It doesn't drown out the dialogue '' , I explained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religious who derive their own sense of purpose through identification with the religious community rather than the academic community are prone to underestimate both the layman's reservoir of idealism and his need for this identification . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pansies are gluttons . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hardly an inviting description . (Filtered Words: 0)
This means that if your insured vehicle is laid up for more than 30 days , insurance can be suspended and a proportionate return of your premium made to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , he was sent to a hospital in Arizona until his health improved enough for him to come back to Washington to work in the Government service . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The trouble , '' explained [FILTERED] , then Deputy Undersecretary for Administration , `` is that when we get into an argument with him about this thing , it always turns out that Rooney knows more about our budget than we do '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` The main bunch is outside , but there are some over there inside the wall '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The extent to which we can persuade the less developed countries to appraise their own resources , to set targets toward which they should be working , to establish in the light of this forward perspective the most urgent priorities for their immediate attention , and to do the other things which they must do to help themselves , all on a realistic long-term basis , will depend importantly on the incentives we place before them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it that they don't care ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The public's identification of [FILTERED] and the guitar is no happenstance . (Filtered Words: 1)
Quite frequently class members brought questions from their mates at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That will have to be in the hotel '' , the doctor retorted , confirming Alex's anticipations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Betty is 16 years of age and had several wins to her credit last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
His bridgework or his plates feel loose and monstrous . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] then moved to Providence and soon put the town in a turmoil . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` And apparently impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spiritual life is cultivated , but students do not need to be Christian . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , an Italian architect of the sixteenth century , modeled his designs on its [FILTERED] and Ionic columns . (Filtered Words: 2)
Waking up was horrible . (Filtered Words: 0)
When an evaluative situation is set up , and no concern is with the details that lead to an over-all estimate , we say that roleplaying is used for evaluation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What kind of models would you prefer '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
) From the technical standpoint , records differ from live music to the degree that they fail to convey the true color , texture , complexity , range , intensity , pulse , and pitch of the original . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they also defeat the school bill , the GOP task force won't have much research to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Couldn't I just '' -- His voice trailed off into silence . (Filtered Words: 0)
An experiment consists of the voting of one couple , or two trials . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are other basic rules . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have been exactly the same to them if I had read through all twenty-six volumes of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am selling the stuff of which is made one of the Great American Dreams -- wall-to-wall carpeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had been surprised at her for that . (Filtered Words: 1)
The moments of sung melody , in the usual sense , come most often when the character is actually supposed to be singing , as in folk songs and liturgical chants . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mose asked softly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also said that the salary , in terms of going rates in the field , was `` modest '' in terms of the man's responsibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
I guided her to the divan , turned off the TV , faced her . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's mad at the world '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The suggestion that in saying something evil had occurred we were after all making no mistake , because we had never meant anyhow to say anything about the past suffering , seems to me merely frivolous . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be such a relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was thinking of the heat and of water that morning when I was plowing the stubble field far across the hill from the farm buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] manufacturing operations are in Lubbock . (Filtered Words: 1)
The rowdy crowd chilled into stillness and the fluent melody spiraled through it . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had done it last year , and the year before , and the year before that , and she , and her people were dependent upon these cans for food . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I volunteer '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Again she snarled , and again he edged . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must , consequently , exist as a self-perceived substantive , developing agent , or he does not exist as man . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Texas Aggies got a day off Monday -- a special gift from Coach [FILTERED] for its conference victory last Saturday night , but Myers announced that halfback [FILTERED] , shaken up in the Tech game , would not play against Trinity Saturday . (Filtered Words: 2)
Fearless . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bedsprings betrayed him with a creak . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exhibited in shows in London in 1935 , and in New York the following year , the new , more elaborated abstracts were much favored in the circles of the modernists as three-dimentional dramas of great intellectual coherence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Amen '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I always work it that way -- and always at a time when the customer has an alibi . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nothing to steal from the crib '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some people have luck and some have no luck and that , whatever people who prefer order say , is the size of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stiffened in anger . (Filtered Words: 1)
By springtime , he was supported by a rich merchant syndicate under the patronage of Henry , Prince of Wales . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was a bull of a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Youngsters can sleep or amuse themselves safely in the large cabin which has 5-foot 11-inch headroom , bunks for three , galley and marine toilet . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the only thing in his life for which he felt guilt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Marina rebels at this suggestion . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were silent for a few moments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout , there were marked arteriolosclerosis and hyalinization of afferent glomerular arterioles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Travel allowances , including subsistence , have been revised by administrative officials recently and compare favorably with other states' allowances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hemphill said that the Hughes Steel Erection Co. contracted to do the work at an impossibly low cost with a bid that was far less than the `` legitimate '' bids of competing contractors . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drank and handed it back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Information for classifying respondents ( Part A of the questionnaire ) 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Snakes are ugly and bad '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I do not believe that this is due to anything especially frightful about their relationship to their own creativity . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who's that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Good old iron compass '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A further possibility is suggested by the example of the [FILTERED] bills and also by some recent trends in attitudes toward improving college education : that is to provide financial assistance to individuals for vocational training when local facilities are inadequate . (Filtered Words: 1)
It also makes a fine introduction to the international art form with good examples of Italian and English madrigals plus several French `` chansons '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly no other seven American statesmen from any later period achieved so much in so concentrated a span of years . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How on earth do you manage it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How's [FILTERED] like rubbin' agin that thar little ticklebrush ye're a-raising '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Now comes this ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
While my memory holds with relentless tenacity , as I cannot too often stress , to my wrongs , when it comes to my shames , it gestures and jokes and toys with chronology like a prestidigitator in the hope of distracting me from them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is that so '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps present writers hypnotically cling to the older order because they consider it useful and reliable through repeated testings over the decades . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her nose was higher of bridge , her complexion so pale as to be quite susceptible to sunburn , and the fish and vegetable diet of her forebears had given her teeth that were white and regular and strong . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Mecholyl and noradrenalin tests applied with certain precautions are reliable indicators of this central autonomic balance , but for the sake of correlating autonomic and clinical states , and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions , additional tests seem to be desirable . (Filtered Words: 0)
As we began to converse in the lounge of his Fifth Avenue hotel , his restlessness and sensitivity to light and sound became immediately apparent . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] registered with Local Board No. 9 , Boulder , Colorado , on March 17 , 1952 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , the efficiency **yt couplers is given by -- Af or approximately 50 percent each . (Filtered Words: 0)
New plant facilities (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I agree , yes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in the Chinese mind , there was little difference between the two -- the bonzes were no more metaphysical than a magician has to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
When each number of successes X is paired with its probability of occurrence Af , the set of pairs Af , is a probability function called a binomial distribution . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] knows the way . (Filtered Words: 1)
This test resulted in further revisions of the questionnaire . (Filtered Words: 0)
They headed in that direction and , at San Juan Capistrano By-the-Sea came upon Barco sitting in the quaint old Spanish Mission Drive-in , eating a hot tamale . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Coverage of primary literature will follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , [FILTERED] was a husband-stealer from way back . (Filtered Words: 1)
But you're wrong about the rest of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Far more frequently , overeating is the result of a psychological compulsion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this lecture Oersted happened to place the conducting wire over and parallel to a magnetic needle . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took a big swig of his drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , for the green of Europe ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Eleven dummy rounds were fired by Lauchli in a demonstration of rapid-fire mortar shooting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three bogies . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is the stern guardian of the status quo who has raised the utilitarian structures of the age , and he is the revolutionary poet with a gun in his hand who writes a tragic apologetic to posterity for the men he has killed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Show follows ceremonies (Filtered Words: 0)
Books (Filtered Words: 0)
Once he had abandoned himself to the very worst , once he had quieted all the dragons of worry and suspense , there wouldn't be very much for [FILTERED] to do . (Filtered Words: 1)
How did we get here '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
All of this must be taken into account before the image of an `` all-Negro '' D.C. public school system is conjured up . (Filtered Words: 0)
No betting man , Mr. [FILTERED] says he's merely `` putting my neck out again '' by predicting the rate will go down this month . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was a question-and-answer gag that went around at that time : Q. `` Who'll carry the Forty-second and Forty-third wards '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She had reason indeed to wonder how the letter had managed to find her . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tune began to whirl inside his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I was afraid of this . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Nate '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
They advanced in a line across the entrance hall to the stairway and up , with gingerly steps , towards the first landing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soothing it with his hand , knowing the whiskered jowls and the swollen smoothness of teats that wrinkled expectantly to his touch . (Filtered Words: 0)
The speaker pro tempore . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nick's body became rigid . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , that is demonstrable '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , 42 , died yesterday afternoon in Holy Cross Hospital of burns suffered in a fire that followed a bottled gas explosion Saturday night at the flat of her widowed mother , Mrs. [FILTERED] , in the adjoining suburb of Warren . (Filtered Words: 2)
No doubt about [FILTERED] being the killer -- I have a witness . (Filtered Words: 1)
This breaks his heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
Utopia is still widely read because in a sense More stood on the margin of modernity . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Got a new one in last night '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
They crawled through the north fence and came on toward him , and now he saw that both were young , not more than nineteen or twenty . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the kind of chest that invariably wins contests ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That word was withheld when the need of it seemed the measure of his despair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Different sampling ratios were applied under different conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll bet both together did . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nourishing meals (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , it has been suggested that the source of all or part of the dust may not be the same as that for visual or radar meteorites ( Best , 1960 ) , and the same distribution would not be expected . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was the day that [FILTERED] had told Warren about the Abbey of Solesmes . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was the day to canvass for infectious hepatitis . (Filtered Words: 0)
It must be marked by a patience and persistence which have not always been its trademark . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a continuation card follows a statement that does not permit continuation cards , the compiler will generate a NOP and issue an error message . (Filtered Words: 0)
There being no bridge , the master had to stop at the shore ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the doors of the D train slid shut , and as I dropped into a seat and , exhaling , looked up across the aisle , the whole aviary in my head burst into song . (Filtered Words: 0)
perhaps he was a little more sympathetic to the sides of beef that hung silently from his hooks . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Right . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bottle was filled up with flour . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have a small sports shop in Strasbourg '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And if you're as flat broke as I am , I think we'll have to take the added risk of knocking over a filling station or something before we split for one of us to set up an alibi while the other does his dirty work '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The courthouse was a white-stucco building minus the customary dome . (Filtered Words: 0)
The North should thank its stars that such has been the case ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Pope Pius the Sixth , at Rome , in April , 1778 , wrote the following : `` The faithful should be excited to the reading of the Holy Scriptures : For these are the most abundant sources which ought to be left open to everyone , to draw from them purity of morals and of doctrine , to eradicate errors which are so widely disseminated in these corrupt times '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not that they had been contracted for during the interval ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't very funny . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sonatas , `` La Francaise '' , `` La Sultane '' , `` L'Astree '' and `` L'Imperiale '' , are often more elaborately worked out and , in fact , show a strong Italian influence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carroll was sharp and military , but he was up against tough competition for that RA berth , and he wanted to play it cool . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It seems likely , moreover , that with an increase in the rate of saving in mortgage lending institutions , interest rates on residential mortgages may move somewhat lower through the spring of next year , although the increased ease in residential mortgage lending may occur primarily in other terms than interest rate , e.g. , easier downpayment and amortization terms . (Filtered Words: 0)
He gave me equivalent and even more detailed dope on [FILTERED] , including diagrams -- one of the apartment building [FILTERED] lived in and one of the apartment itself . (Filtered Words: 1)
The small shaft of blue had drifted down and come to rest at his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
While there are still many bugs to be ironed out , the technique is fast developing . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when she saw the children you have just visited , she wanted to take them away and put them out in the country , in the kibbutzim . (Filtered Words: 0)
The highest position is known as a ' research scientist . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stifled the Comanche yell and let John lead him straight toward the nearby black volcanic mountain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you want to hear the paraphrase '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His letter of October 26 named two of the men about whom [FILTERED] had written to [FILTERED] the day before . (Filtered Words: 2)
The old man opened the door and stepped out into the sunlight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Todman said excitedly , and hopefully . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reaching for an old clay pot , relic of pioneer days , he tore the envelope in pieces , dropping them into it , touching the little pyre to flame , watching it curl , the red sealing wax melting and bubbling in the feathery ash . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing is peeled . (Filtered Words: 0)
It gave her propriety . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until internal combustion became cheap , he had to be near a railroad siding and a trolley line or an existing large community of lower-class homes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The ship is huge '' , said [FILTERED] , `` but the number of military men and specialists we are taking limits the linguists to one . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was delighted to make that personal contact in such trying and unusual circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guilford-Martin ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Unit prices to the state are considerably lower than to the general public because of quantity purchases and no payment of state sales or federal excise taxes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd not care about getting waked so he could give up some of his whisky to a slit of a kid and maybe lose one of his hiding places in the bargain . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would lay in wait in the garage , and when the terrier came scratching around , he'd let fly with a cherry bomb . (Filtered Words: 0)
No drummers here , no pipers , and the red coats were covered with a fine film of dust . (Filtered Words: 0)
The element of public danger which enters so largely into architectural certification , however , would demand a prolonged study of structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
He liked to savor his meat before he tasted it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gross had received [FILTERED] courteously and they were discussing the case . (Filtered Words: 1)
Neither can be adequately systematized until we are able to separate the two and assign the observed phenomena individually to one or the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the [FILTERED] of its ossification was shortened and the center's ability to `` catch up '' in ossification is demonstrated . (Filtered Words: 1)
Strong hands move first ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The experiments of Romagnosi and others have already been noted but no one had determined the cause-and-effect relationship between these two primary forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 23d day of October , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth . (Filtered Words: 0)
And you know you will always wonder all of your life whether it was because you wanted him so bad that you didn't get him , and you can feel nearly sorry enough to cry when you think of that other guy , the chump who begged you to marry him , the one with the plastered hair and the car he couldn't afford and the too-shiny shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few days before I saw your mention of what Texas Liberals were doing to promote `` Louis Capet '' ( The Week '' , June 3 ) , another analogy had occurred to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
It pays in the long ( hot ) run to take good care of the water works . (Filtered Words: 0)
Social control (Filtered Words: 0)
One white hand poised a stick above his desk . (Filtered Words: 0)
There must be several dozen species in the United States alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
His own communication apparatus operated superbly , and [FILTERED] readers will note instantly its total lack of resemblance to the blunted , monumentally unmeshed mechanism of Dr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Over and above that , however , was his growing suspicion of [FILTERED] part in recent events . (Filtered Words: 1)
The opportunity exists for states to reserve some of their vocational education funds to apply on an ad hoc flexible basis to subsidize any local preemployment training programs that may be quickly set up in a community to aid a new industrial plant . (Filtered Words: 0)
He boomed a 280-yard drive . (Filtered Words: 0)
each musical setting has an individual touch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once [FILTERED] went along . (Filtered Words: 1)
( Shann's own report , [FILTERED] reflected , describes the encounter as `` immoderate '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
But dully glinting on the dark form were the buttons and badge of a policeman . (Filtered Words: 0)
clutched her throat and sucked up the moisture in her mouth so that her tongue was dry and hard and stuck to the roof of her mouth and her teeth were clenched together in the rigid fixture of her jaws . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have set up a central R & D department , as well as engineering-management departments -- about 80 people working on problems related to those of our plants . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , the marksman gets 5 shots , but we take his score to be the number of shots before his first bull's-eye , that is , 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ( or 5 , if he gets no bull's-eye ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's braver than he looks . (Filtered Words: 0)
These poured through the gate and joined the flight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tall , blonde , blue-eyes , fair , buxom without being heavy , she cut a fine figure of budding womanhood as she swished among the pupils in her fresh , starched summer dress . (Filtered Words: 0)
G . (Filtered Words: 0)
His head slumped . (Filtered Words: 0)
She told me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet the idyll ended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s life was an open book , so to speak , from his birth in Jackson , Mississippi , through his basketball-playing days at L.S.U. and his attainment of a B.A. degree , which had presumably prepared him for his career as district sales manager for Peerless Business Machines . (Filtered Words: 1)
What is required is the full implementation of Article 2 of the Treaty , which provides : `` The Parties will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions , by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are founded , and by promoting conditions of stability and well-being . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could hardly believe he was getting in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
he found it , if anything , all too familiar . (Filtered Words: 0)
A nation may go to war on some trifling pretext , when in reality it may have been guided by an unconscious instinct that its very life was at stake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of them ignored the texts and had apparently memorized the words long ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
The objective should be to provide a method of getting into print a higher percentage than is now possible of the relevant information in the possession of reporters and editors . (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't afford to have anyone mess around with them , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s joust with Weber tunes was a considerably more serious misfortune , for it demands transluscent textures , buoyant rhythms , and astringent wit . (Filtered Words: 1)
Those who are too weak , should climb on the chair and , starting at the top of the chin , let themselves slowly down . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sailed the paper across the desk , but Matson didn't pick it up or even glance at it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Serological technique . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was nearly 13 years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is one of the very few , if not the only surviving bridge of its type to serve a main artery of the U.S. highway system , thus it is far more than a relic of the horse and buggy days . (Filtered Words: 0)
The backing from the white town was greater and there was little publicity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Change in pitchers . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a few reached our wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Use deductable insurance wherever feasible . (Filtered Words: 0)
An hour of bouncing , a brief stop in a village to inspect a new school or dispensary . (Filtered Words: 0)
the difference between Mr. [FILTERED] and the Association is a difference between no Christianity and Christianity '' -- despite these supposed conclusive assurances , the modern liberal heaves repeatedly a sigh of relief , of positive thanksgiving , that the Association never quite brought itself officially to expel [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
And this is my own home '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No young children may come without adults except for a specific , organized , chaperoned party . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , as already noted , the Court proceeded on the assumption that the executives involved in the dealings between Du Pont and General Motors acted `` honorably and fairly '' and exercised their business judgment only to serve what they deemed the best interests of their own companies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first argument is thus an ideal experiment in which we use the method of difference . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Federal forces had taken [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] from the Rebels and were moving to take all the mountains . (Filtered Words: 2)
The cynicism was back in her eyes , a bitter wisdom , and I wondered if forty were not so far wrong after all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taxing improvements (Filtered Words: 0)
If this is the case , one would expect that not only the various procedures just mentioned which alter the hypothalamic balance would influence emotional state and behavior but that emotion itself would act likewise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , there is a cautious conservatism on the part of those making local skill surveys . (Filtered Words: 0)
At Khrushchev's door , therefore , can be placed the primary blame but also at fault are those who permitted themselves to be intimidated . (Filtered Words: 0)
In ever greater numbers , factories are locating in the suburbs or in `` industrial parks '' removed from the city's political jurisdiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
His followers shouted the old battle cry after him and charged the hill , firing as they ran . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gilborn's secretary ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The philosophy has been that if they could find the time to attend class why not encourage them to get the credit and perhaps provide an incentive to do the work more effectively . (Filtered Words: 0)
But every time I suggested this to her , Mrs. [FILTERED] turned it down and demanded that I go out and punish Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The Final Solution proved that the Jew-baiter of any variety exposes himself as being implicated in the criminality and madness of others . (Filtered Words: 0)
He enlisted a staff of loyal experts and of many zealous volunteers . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
) The two volumes are available from the publisher for $14.00 and $16.00 , respectively . (Filtered Words: 0)
The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industralization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
One block along the Via De Burro ( in front of the church ) will bring you to the Stock Exchange in the old Temple of Neptune . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We can boil it '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , 37 , a mystery man presumed to be Russian although he carries a Canadian passport . (Filtered Words: 1)
Control of temperature and humidity is a godsend to the aged and the invalid . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] folded the tissue paper carefully . (Filtered Words: 1)
A woman named [FILTERED] who tells nobody anything about herself . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gradually they emerged as men . (Filtered Words: 0)
The half-man laughed with something close to real humor . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this , as in so many aspects of our development assistance activities , the incentive effects of the posture we take are the most important ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this point [FILTERED] , long an advocate of patent peace in the industry , became chairman of the patents committee of the National Automobile Chamber of Commerce , successor to the Automobile Board of Trade . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then the boy straight-armed himself up , twisting at the last moment so he landed sitting . (Filtered Words: 0)
The soles of her sandals reported sharply on the cobblestones . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their world , again , was a still simple , traditional age which was only slowly beginning to appreciate the complexity of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
In accounting for realism or distortion two sets of factors can be usefully distinguished : current intelligence ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was Papa's chosen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Any house built now below that line without air conditioning will be obsolete in 10 years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Catch for Chicago (Filtered Words: 0)
But his new-found buddy had matched him drink for drink until he lost count , and the man's eyes were still clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Church expects certain things of those who become members . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Badura-Skoda-Vienna Konzerthaus ( Westminster ) and [FILTERED] ( Deutsche Grammophon ) are both warm-toned , pleasantly lyrical , but rather slack and tensionless . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since then , the flowers she had planted had spread all over the hill . (Filtered Words: 0)
at the peaks of the nuclear test and the Berlin cycles ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We talked after I hailed his Jeep marked with the U.N. flag . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both had blonde hair and blue eyes , and there was even a faint similarity of features . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heat , in the sunlight , pressed in like an invisible crowd . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man with a baby in his arms stood there pleading for his wife who is on the other side with the rest of the family . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe there isn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
The name `` alkali bee '' indicates that one has to look for them in rather inhospitable places . (Filtered Words: 0)
This affects us all intimately , and can leave us hopeless in the face of widespread distress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where will you break ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No one knew . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- President [FILTERED] today pushed aside other White House business to devote all his time and attention to working on the Berlin crisis address he will deliver tomorrow night to the American people over nationwide television and radio . (Filtered Words: 1)
Another approach is to estimate from the rate of growth and the smallest size at maturity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The upper limit was determined by the difficulty of measuring the characteristic anode surface temperature ( see below ) since only a small region of the anode was struck by the arc . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this third year at the university , [FILTERED] , in 1797 , was awarded the first important token of recognition , a gold medal for his essay on `` Limits Of Poetry And Prose '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here some innovation is attempted . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where does one find such conditions ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Concluding remarks (Filtered Words: 0)
There will be thousands who will thrill to the loveliness of Alastor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The building shook , setting the lantern to swaying , and the buckskin to pitching again . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cold settled like a tangible pall over the Mile High City , locking it in an icy grip that harshened its outlines and altered its physical appearance ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A faint crease appeared between the man's eyebrows . (Filtered Words: 0)
Say four million . (Filtered Words: 0)
He swung in through his own wide gateway . (Filtered Words: 0)
snowballs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They're drinking , aren't they '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You have just given me permission to leave France , which I did . (Filtered Words: 0)
Montgomery believes that she started well . (Filtered Words: 0)
You Secesh ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The extent of such interference -- which may be so slight as to be undetectable at any point where either of the stations renders a usable signal , or may be so great as to virtually destroy the service areas of both stations -- depends on many factors , among the principal ones being the distance between the stations , their respective radiated power , and , of particular significance here , the time of day . (Filtered Words: 0)
They've worried , they've lain awake nights , they've shook at the slightest footstep , they've pictured their own destruction , and now it's all over and they can give up . (Filtered Words: 0)
None should ask less . (Filtered Words: 0)
Means edged closer . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She went ahead of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Purchasing practices . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was glad to have it there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Georgia's Department of Agriculture is intensifying its fire ant eradication program in an effort to stay ahead of the fast-spreading pest . (Filtered Words: 0)
She seemed irritated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their father is [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A brief description accompanying the picture says that the bridge contained more than 6000 tons of timber . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pioneer 1 , recorded a decrease in flux with distance from the Earth on the basis of 11 counts in 9 hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
My Pittsburghers have become real addicts to [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Because they are `` minority '' exercises and have but a limited appeal they soon find themselves in the limbo of the forgotten . (Filtered Words: 0)
The husband points the steps out with his flashlight : `` Its white stare filling her pale eyes To the blind brim with appetite , Bleaching her hands that grazed my thighs And sent us from the table in surprise To let the dishes soak all night , '' ( [FILTERED] asked herself if [FILTERED] was blushing at this line , or was it the fire ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
It is not the same dress as the one on her manikin in the Smithsonian . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , even if Mr. [FILTERED] labors too hard to extract more refinements of meaning and feeling from his travel experiences than the limits of language allow , he still can charm and astound . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sulfaquinoxaline . (Filtered Words: 0)
there is no easy and quick way to follow from the oxcart to the jet plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
The New York Herald Tribune's photographer , [FILTERED] , tells an anecdote about the time he wanted to take a picture of [FILTERED] playing a guitar . (Filtered Words: 2)
Goddamn niggers , Lord . (Filtered Words: 0)
People in this position do not offend the master by relating his peccadilloes to the newspapers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first slanting rays of the new day cannot yet dispel all the dark shadows which lie across the Aegean world ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The quality of the census data can , therefore , be greatly improved by the use of the registration records in conjunction with the field inquiries . (Filtered Words: 0)
the blockading force must be powerful enough to enforce it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was no longer fashionable to be seen with fabulous `` [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Say , you're quite a comic '' , Sabella said admiringly . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is permitted . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in the last five years , the `` Methodist chapel committee has authorized the demolition or , more often , the sale of 764 chapels '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ever see yourself spread out on the pavement , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Gross paused and repeated himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked well-fed and prosperous , but he didn't get the impression he was being propositioned the way he'd been hoping . (Filtered Words: 0)
also , index words 93 through 96 may have been made unavailable for assignment . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Indonesia Military Supreme Court has confirmed the death sentence passed on [FILTERED] , an American pilot . (Filtered Words: 1)
Once inside his apartment , he poured a drink with trembling hands and flopped limply in a chair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ignition sets off blast (Filtered Words: 0)
It was going to take a lot of activity to fill it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kept sayin , not me , not me , I don't wanta wind up like em . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In a year she'll like living in Clayton's house too much to come back to me '' , [FILTERED] said flatly . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` She's in a mood '' , he thought `` There's not a month she doesn't get herself in a mood '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] seed gum is the main ingredient in wave-setting lotions . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'm not going back '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
The battle had to be fought . (Filtered Words: 0)
We would establish no censorship . (Filtered Words: 0)
I give you my word I'm not trying to pull some stupid kind of joke , or to deliberately foul up the expedition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten years ago , he had come to the house to be interviewed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] lays great emphasis on the hands in this scene . (Filtered Words: 1)
1880s : `` little women '' (Filtered Words: 0)
That would mock me too much ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly there would be less anxiety , fewer accidents ( it is the clumsy child who sustains the worst injuries ) , and higher scholastic averages , since alert children work better . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cows were kept in backyard barns , boys were hired to drive them to and from the pasture on the edge of town , and familiar to the ear , morning and evening , were the boys' coaxing voices , the thud of hooves , and the thwack of a stick on cowhide . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the low yield of the Selkirk plots and the ravages of grasshoppers in 1818 that led to the dispersal of the settlement southward . (Filtered Words: 0)
There you'll witness a view which includes the Adirondack Mts. and the Winooski River . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ought not an edifying Trial have made every effort to demonstrate this once and for all by showing how representative types of `` mere '' anti-Semites were drawn step by step into the program of skull-bashings and gassings ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There are many , many things to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
One or two were writers of books ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Jess stared at him without answering and let his hands fall to his sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four hundred and fifty pounds was disseminated while the ship was traveling a distance of 156 miles . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result of the new outlook for turnpikes , investors who bought toll-road bonds when these securities ranked as outright speculations are now finding new hope for their investments . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to me innocence is far less tangible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would bar vehicles (Filtered Words: 0)
This happened in the middle of a drinking bout with another bum . (Filtered Words: 0)
His manhood had been attacked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then it was gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cleaning process (Filtered Words: 0)
He would pick up the ringing phone with studied negligence , then bark into it with gruff importance . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are considerable differences between the requirements for textile and hard-surface cleaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] had said , `` You look about fifteen years old '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He ran for the sick room , found his pistol was broken , and threw it away . (Filtered Words: 0)
You will discover you keep the sauce for basting meat in one , use six for drinks , serve soup or coffee in another half-dozen -- and need one more to mix the salad dressing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even life in harmony with death . (Filtered Words: 0)
He strode to answer the bell . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Major decided that , rather than be led , the slugger could lead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Factory operations are in Columbus , Ga. . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
An essay on `` Freedom '' written at 10 years of age quoted the Declaration of Independence , the freedom given to slaves in Canada , and the views of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Show this gentleman to 1105 '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern times have changed the world beyond recognition . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mechanism of action of these drugs has not been completely worked out , but certain of them appear to act by reducing the oxidised form of iodine before it can iodinate thyroglobulin ( Astwood , 1954 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] , `` imitation '' is twice removed from reality , being a poor copy of physical appearance , which in itself is a poor copy of ideal essence . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sharp division of opinion , too , and strenuous debate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Held candle (Filtered Words: 0)
The photograph , Figure 1 of the completed frieze , shows how , having been separated from his fellows in useless isolation for eighty years , he has now been given a hand , and by juxtaposition ( and the permission of the Committee ) , given a new job , to represent the witnesses of the first flight at [FILTERED] in 1903 . (Filtered Words: 1)
pleasure domes . (Filtered Words: 0)
You danced two tangos and a paso doble , which must have been fairly enervating in that milieu . (Filtered Words: 0)
If there had been , he would have found a loophole , because [FILTERED] is one golfer who knows the code as thoroughly as the man who wrote the book . (Filtered Words: 1)
The question of epidemic disease merits some discussion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Women's Recreation Association . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 360 degrees of horizon it obscured only a degree , no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The government's short-term borrowing costs rose with Tuesday's weekly offering of Treasury bills . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately , I knew almost exactly what the will had said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Precise pressure-volume-temperature measurements on corrosive gases are dependent on a sensitive yet rugged pressure transducer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Capable of enduring friendships , they were also stout controversialists , who could write with a drop of vitriol on their pens . (Filtered Words: 0)
She's not chubby . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even eggs and other cholesterol-rich foods , eaten in normal amounts , says Dr. [FILTERED] , do not materially affect the amount of cholesterol in the blood . (Filtered Words: 1)
In late December , the American army moved from [FILTERED] to Valley Forge , and although the distance was only 13 miles , the journey took more than a week because of the bad weather , the barefooted and almost naked men . (Filtered Words: 1)
She walked back to the house and entered , feeling herself returning , sensing some kind of opportunity in the empty building . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Please '' , she said , `` please '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I ain't a gunslinger '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
All could help the President make his decision . (Filtered Words: 0)
Breath control and the proper enunciation of vowel sounds within the oral cavity appeared to require the most development and practice . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A miracle , a revelation , it was like a curtain suddenly torn away to reveal something nude '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tower cleared the plane for take-off at 8 a.m. , and Captain Rickards began taxiing toward the runway . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Small Business Administration ( SBA ) provides guidance and advice on sources of technical information relating to small business management and research and development of products . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blockade , in the view of military and civilian experts , could restore teeth to the Monroe Doctrine . (Filtered Words: 0)
All he can do is to be an objective and careful questioner , seeking to help the sensitive in clarifying and making more specific her paranormal impressions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their heads were in the air sniffing . (Filtered Words: 0)
And no doubt many people in states like the Carolinas and Georgia , which were among the most Tory in sentiment in the eighteenth century , bitterly regretted the revolt against the Crown . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. John 12 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] resisted [FILTERED]'s attempt to push him toward the horse . (Filtered Words: 2)
In the final month of the 1927 season , he hit seventeen home runs , a closing spurt never matched . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miami , Fla. , March 17 (Filtered Words: 0)
In his novel The House Of The Dead , Dostoevsky tells of his experiences in a Siberian prison camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
The present proceeding is concerned with the standard broadcast ( AM ) band , from 540 kc. to 1600 kc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the Juniors entered the ring , Mr. [FILTERED] , the announcer , stated over the public-address system that this was the 28th year that [FILTERED] has held the Finals of the Junior Competition . (Filtered Words: 2)
Holmes went to Atlanta's Morehouse ( Negro ) College , where he is a B student and star halfback . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meltzer was a boarder with the [FILTERED] family . (Filtered Words: 1)
But he had delayed accepting this job , and as he was leaving to come home to Papa in response to our telegram , he dropped a postcard to Miss McCrady , head of the Harvard Appointment Office , asking her please to write Northwestern authorities and explain the circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could it do otherwise ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He reviews Steele's entrance into politics and finds that his present difficulties are due to his habit of attributing to his own abilities and talents achievements which more properly should be credited to the indulgence of his friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
This showed that common sense had not died out at the county and village level -- though why the unhappy and obviously unbalanced woman was not restrained remains a puzzle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Felix took us into his studio . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spoke softly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , as their grokking made them ever closer and [FILTERED] felt himself almost ready to discorporate her voice called him back : `` Oh ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Consider what happened during World War 1 , , when the Protestant churches united to push the Prohibition law through Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
New Jersey folk need not be told of the builder's march to the sea , for in a single generation he has parceled and populated miles of our shoreline and presses on to develop the few open spaces that remain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reply : (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1838 , a devastating fire gutted their small shop and soon thereafter [FILTERED] moved west to Illinois , settling on a land grant in his declining years . (Filtered Words: 1)
World production of copra , the oil-bearing flesh of the coconut , was a little more than 3 million tons in 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were heroes nine feet tall to him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But even while sparring furiously with Republican politicians , he displays a deep and awesome veneration for anyone with cultural attainments . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one knew exactly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nice place '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is all around us and our only chance now is to let it in . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish you could have seen the crests fall on these two sparring coxcombs when I told them that obviously the pasture belonged to their wives jointly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before deriving this formula , we explain what we mean by `` problems of this kind '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Boston elders were great at befuddling the opposition with torrents of ecclesiastical obscurities , but [FILTERED] was better . (Filtered Words: 1)
Threat of war . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was dead tired and slept soundly , as far as I know dreamlessly . (Filtered Words: 0)
this was the form in which their private feud most often appeared in the Tory press , especially the Examiner . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is scheduled to go forward at a rate which will steadily add to our strength . (Filtered Words: 0)
I regained my squatting position behind the truck cab's rear window . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the very day that the parliamentary session began , another `` Infamous Libel '' appeared , entitled A Letter From The Facetious Dr. [FILTERED] , At Bath , To The Venerable Nestor Ironside . (Filtered Words: 1)
To my room ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hi there , Schaffner '' , he had said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has also an extraordinary conscience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you retiring now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In an effort to fortify himself against the unforseen upsets sure to arise in the future , [FILTERED] , banker-editor of the Phoenix `` Arizona Progress '' , reflects upon a few of the depressing experiences of the feverish fifties . (Filtered Words: 1)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dave . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
She ran from a little group of us . (Filtered Words: 0)
The , (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bassis are leaving soon for their new post . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made his way to his host's bedroom where he carefully brushed himself off , neatly arranged his hair , and painstakingly selected his hat from the many on the bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm just logging '' , the cowboy explained . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That is , if we can be sure this is Colcord's money '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
The clerk was almost hysterical . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was , of course , no real need to rearrange everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each questionnaire was mailed with a cover letter addressed personally to the president or other executive of each firm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] was another . (Filtered Words: 1)
You look like a tweedy Englishman . (Filtered Words: 0)
it must be [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is also symptomatic of a change in attitude which appears to be spreading all across the South . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , as the titular head of the Democratic party , apparently must make the move to reestablish relations with the national Democratic party or see a movement come from the loyalist ranks to completely bypass him as a party functionary . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] and the National Symphony perform in the first two releases , designed for grades one and two . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even if there are no livestock , the farmer cannot leave the farm for long periods , particularly during the growing season . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last they concluded that the heavy , full feeling in their stomachs was due to lack of exercise . (Filtered Words: 0)
The opening scene shows this method at its most individual . (Filtered Words: 0)
While one element is announcing progress , another is delineating its problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wasn't likely to come down with hot chills and puzzling striped fever . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
a perfect symbol . (Filtered Words: 0)
So did the firm of lawyers who had got her the divorce , Kimball and Stacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Work '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Glaze with two coats of matt glazes in turquoise with touches of blossom pink on lid . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time further expansion in the Red Bridge Subdivision required the construction of additional sewage treatment facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
So [FILTERED] trustingly entered the house with [FILTERED] and trudged up the rear steps to the attic room which was to be his new home . (Filtered Words: 2)
Clumps of brush rode down the ribbon . (Filtered Words: 0)
It comes and goes . (Filtered Words: 0)
That implies that Shann was on the enemy side . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a big room , empty except for a few things of Pops's at the far end -- a wooden crate on which stood the candle , a spread out blanket , and an unrolled bindle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who transfer their membership are no exception to the rule . (Filtered Words: 0)
The popularity of folklore in America stands in direct proportion to the popularity of nationalism in America . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You and I have fallen out of literature into politics '' , [FILTERED] observed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each Journal contained articles of professional and clinical interest , and departments devoted to military medical news , reviews of new books , and other features of interest to officers of the medical services . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had failed to realize that the Burmese were not really treating him as the important visitor he considered himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
A new report on the earnings records of toll roads in the most recent 12-month period -- ending in February or March -- shows what is happening . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you want credit for your employee services program , let your workers know what they're entitled to . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You mean once Myra gets to Paris '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Eight aircraft in this small box . (Filtered Words: 0)
They discussed the way people never tell each other the things on their minds . (Filtered Words: 0)
To begin with , [FILTERED] is a trickster in the old tradition of the clever servant who plots the strategy of courtship for his master . (Filtered Words: 1)
Suvorov saw in these scimitar-wielding skirmishers not demographic units but military men of a high potential . (Filtered Words: 0)
She noted that no student had been withdrawn through loss of confidence ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Not discussed here are some military problems of modern times such as undersea warfare , where the surveillance , sending , transmitting , and receiving are all so inadequate that networks and decision making are not the bottlenecks . (Filtered Words: 0)
A brace of pistols , holstered on belts , hung from a peg , along with ammunition pouches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A nation such as Switzerland could be neutralized by agreement and could be relied upon to protect its neutrality ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I've never noticed that it improves things any '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the lever is pulled to clear a signal or move a switch , the tappet moves a short distance lengthwise at the same time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The state is now faced with the immediate question of raising new taxes whether on utilities , real estate or motor vehicles , he said , `` and I challenge [FILTERED] to tell the people where he stands on the tax issue '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
every orthodontist sees children who are embarrassed by their malformed teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we let them go , they won't stay away , they'll find men to ride with them and they'll be back . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a week of precarious uphill landings and downwind takeoffs , Fogg one day looked down at the shattered yellow wreckage of an Army plane strewn across snow-covered Towne field . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can't turn the studio into a gambling hell or a saloon '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not Louis 15 , , since even he obeys . (Filtered Words: 0)
The route to the park may lead people past them or display views of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hazards to life and limb on the golf course , while existent , are actuarially insignificant . (Filtered Words: 0)
The entrance must have at least one right-angle turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even that isn't satisfactory . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Riverside's redheaded playing manager , ran after the ball but it rolled past him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
And fourth , there were moderates who were in no hurry for independence and wished to wait until the Congo grew up . (Filtered Words: 0)
and then I came to some sanity and plunged away with such extraordinary speed that I outdistanced [FILTERED] by far . (Filtered Words: 1)
The '49 team was off to a so-so 5-5 beginning , then fell as low as 12-17 on May 23 before finishing with 96 victories . (Filtered Words: 0)
the landscape of Greek history broadens widely , and rather abruptly , in the eighth century B.C. , the age of Homer's `` rosy-fingered Dawn '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Representatives of Harvard University Press , which is publishing the book this month of April , recognize and freely acknowledge that they invited such reaction by allowing Life magazine to print an excerpt from the book in advance of the book's publication date . (Filtered Words: 0)
If cell Af has not previously been assigned as the information cell of a form in the text-form list , it is now assigned as the information cell of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s contempt for don't-know's was proverbial ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
They tried to sell 'em on economy and simple merit . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time she submitted and in a few days was going good . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wives of the period shamefacedly thought of themselves as `` used '' by their husbands -- and , history indicates , they often quite literally were . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the sun's path over earth described a segment of a great circle ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This use is expected to increase to about 50 million visits by 1972 . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one told on Ludie , not even when he slipped live grasshoppers into the mite-box . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , `` Forgive and forget if you can ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] joined them . (Filtered Words: 1)
A new queen , with the prosaic title of [FILTERED] , had been planned for several years to replace the Queen Mary . (Filtered Words: 1)
If we try to study T using characteristic values , we are confronted with two problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
New point added (Filtered Words: 0)
The Lord has shown time and time again His love for us . (Filtered Words: 0)
The League of Women Voters , 40 now and admitting it proudly , is inviting financial contributions in the windup of its fund drive . (Filtered Words: 0)
But fifty years later the trilogy still maintains a firm place in the list of standard works on the unification of Italy , a position cautiously prophesied by the reviewers at the time of publication . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thereafter he was classified 1-o . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then [FILTERED] , submarine-ball hurler , entered the contest and only five batters needed to face him before there existed a 3-to-3 deadlock . (Filtered Words: 1)
Although the resolution might have been far more specific , it was considerably tougher than the earlier one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wally was snoring on the davenport . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is only fair to demand that teachers of courses in English , history , psychology and so on be as well informed in matters of art , especially interior design , as are the art teachers educated in the academic subjects . (Filtered Words: 0)
and somewhat similarly for plants , 16 as against 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was in the spring of the year when he took to his bed and Tessie and [FILTERED] found out that they didn't know each other . (Filtered Words: 1)
The teacher plunged the children into a new portion , this time in Hebrew , rapping the stick incessantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radiopasteurization by either the electron accelerator or cesium-137 source is in the range of freezing costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stepmother , almost without exception , has been presented as a cruel ogress . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made his way to his host's bedroom where he carefully brushed himself off , neatly arranged his hair , and painstakingly selected his hat from the many on the bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drank and handed it back . (Filtered Words: 0)
airdrops and airstrips ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Stinky went home an hour ago and people started going to bed '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Atta boy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The general effect is tragic . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt a puppyish need for company as strong as his earlier necessity for quiet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Personally , I prefer straight hair like yours , but as they say on the Continent , ' What can one do ' '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The steady purpose of our society is to assure justice , before God , for every individual . (Filtered Words: 0)
One out of every three or four marriages ends in divorce ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Olivia [FILTERED] signed to do a Broadway play for [FILTERED] this season , `` A Gift of Time '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
And extra weight increases the risk of cancer , diabetes , artery disease and heart attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
Escalation is their first love and their last ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A year , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Protection (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , he believed in the `` dramatic unity and separateness of the period from 1702-14 , lying between the Stuart and Hanoverian eras with a special ethos of its own '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been a choir boy at the Holy Name Cathedral and also served as an acolyte to Father [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
My other nugget of art and architectural knowledge -- besides remembering that it was [FILTERED] who designed the doors of the baptistery in Florence -- is the three styles of Greek columns . (Filtered Words: 1)
He suggested that without the Socialist Party ever gaining a national victory , most of its original program has come to pass under both major parties . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any special photographic requirements are also given . (Filtered Words: 0)
He admitted that he knew it was open to him at all times , and he could have rebutted it before the hearing officer . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the second day [FILTERED] began to worry ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Hemmed in on the job and unable to assert himself , he uses the sex act so he can be supreme in at least one area . (Filtered Words: 0)
Isfahan became more of a legend than a place , and now it is for many people simply a name to which they attach their notions of old Persia and sometimes of the East . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carbon resistors and impurity-doped germanium resistors have been investigated for use as precision secondary thermometers in the liquid helium temperature region . (Filtered Words: 0)
He himself might not have been really aware of his own mood ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I was surprised at Mayor [FILTERED]'s defeat , but perhaps Mayor-elect Cavanagh can accomplish some things that should have been done years ago . (Filtered Words: 1)
Information is also available from this autocollimator system to set the drift bias for the Z-axis gyro . (Filtered Words: 0)
the purpose of producing plays at the College is three-fold : to provide the [FILTERED] students with the best possible opportunity for theater-going within the limits set by the maturity and experience of the performers and the theatrical facilities available ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
but there was no small way to handle this one . (Filtered Words: 0)
I grinned at him , handed him a couple of dollars and said , `` By the time you get the parking charge figured up , there should be a cigar in it for you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] and his bride will live in his Lake Forest house . (Filtered Words: 1)
I saw Little Billy rise and fire almost point blank and an Indian's face became shattered flesh and bone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The incident , aside from reflecting on Welch's political career , had all but wrecked his home life . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What did I imagine '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I didn't think it was necessary '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recommendations of international authorities , such as the International Union of Crystallography , are followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hollywood (Filtered Words: 0)
The sensation he so overwhelmingly realized was one which told him he had been there before but he knew he had not , and could not recall any place he had visited to be likened to the limpid green water or the little fountain-falls or the green demon imprisoned beyond his reach . (Filtered Words: 0)
What I want is to have this evidence come before Congress and if the Attorney General does not report it , as I am very sure he won't , as he has refused to do anything of the kind , I then wish that a committee of seven Representatives be appointed with power to take the evidence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Richmond , Virginia ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
No general installation should be made until a model installation has been proved and its maximum capability determined . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is also found that magnetism exists in all bodies of nature , as proven by Bruckmann and Coulomb . (Filtered Words: 0)
Photos of historic dioramas of the area you visit will add depth and background to your vacation photo story . (Filtered Words: 0)
If it fails to pass , he can throw up his hands and say the Legislature would not support him in his efforts to prevent integration . (Filtered Words: 0)
They all had the hard look of gamblers who had stopped dreaming , who automatically turned the cards , hardly caring what showed up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Trans-illuminated signs also show versatility in other directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
According to [FILTERED] study , [FILTERED] , the theater business in London had become a thriving enterprise by 1577 , and , in the opinion of many , a thoroughly bad business . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` That's what started all the trouble in the first place . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who served as a correspondent with General [FILTERED]'s paratroopers during the invasion of France , combines the soul of an artist with the lingo of a tough guy . (Filtered Words: 2)
If the railroads , for example , regularly slaughtered 25,000 passengers each year , the high priests of the cult would have cause to tremble for their personal safety , for such a holocaust would excite demands for the hanging of every railroad president in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He had only a fringe of hair and he wore it cropped short . (Filtered Words: 0)
in effect , he was practicing what he preached in his Berlin message two weeks ago when he declared : `` We shall always be prepared to discuss international problems with any and all nations that are willing to talk , and listen , with reason '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You love this village and these stinking brown people because they're God's creatures , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] line double , which just eluded the diving Minnie Minoso in left field , drove in [FILTERED] with the winning run with two out in the last of the ninth to give the Minnesota Twins a 6-5 victory over the Chicago White Sox Monday . (Filtered Words: 2)
The lock insures that the points are thrown all the way with no chance that a wheel flange will snag on a partly thrown point . (Filtered Words: 0)
What most people don't seem to realize , if they aren't tied up with the thing as I am , is that 90% of the problem is transportation . (Filtered Words: 0)
and , most pervasively , ( 3 ) their interpretation of who is a `` real pro '' , of what it means to be a professional man in a technical , fragmented society . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last year , we probably would have given him $700 for a comparable machine '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And why not ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That fall he submitted to Professor [FILTERED] the first acts and outlines of the following acts of several plays , six of them , according to some of his associates , and he also worked on a play that he first called Niggertown , the material for which he had collected during the summer at home . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'm not worried about it '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
As he had done on his first Imperial sortie a year and a half before , [FILTERED] trekked southeast through Red Russia to Kamieniec . (Filtered Words: 1)
The battalion chief said he had just gotten into his 1958 model automobile to move it from the driveway of his home so that he could take his other car to work . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was bearded . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was deeply distressed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Moreover , they have done so in rather special circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was his brag that he could beat everybody at anything , but especially at fighting , and he once took on the manager of his club and worked him over thoroughly with his fists . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , settled lost . (Filtered Words: 1)
In archaeology , for example , the contributions of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] to the various volumes of the Victoria County Histories raised the discipline from the status of an antiquarian pastime to that of the most valuable single tool of the early English historian . (Filtered Words: 2)
Waited for more ships , more lobster-backed infantry , and asked what was to be done with a war of rebellion ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I love you . (Filtered Words: 0)
washing -- (Filtered Words: 0)
In [FILTERED]'s mind there is an irresolvable conflict between the poet and the philosopher , because the poet imitates only particular objects and is incapable of rising to the first level of abstraction , much less the highest level of ideal forms . (Filtered Words: 1)
If those aren't enough for you , why not grow some just for winter blooming ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was drinking another glass of water . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so on through the roles referred to in the previous paragraph . (Filtered Words: 0)
The settlement was called Shawomet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pansies are supposed to like it cool , but those great velvety flowers were healthy and perky in the glaring sun . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some compulsive reason which would have fascinated Dr. Freud , Communists of all shapes and sizes almost invariably impute to others the very motives which they harbor themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
The earlier New Haven development was public housing , so it easily leaped over the problems met in a private venture . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come on , you'll be late '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
God knew his tears were his to shed if he so desired , for it had not been with an egotist's rage for fame that he had held precious his naval career . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American firearms and ammunition manufacturers through diligent research and technical development have replaced the muzzle loader and slow-firing single-shot arms with modern fast firing auto-loaders , extremely accurate bolt , lever , and slide action firearms . (Filtered Words: 0)
These ways are absolutely irreconcilable because they offer two different recipes for man's redemption from chaos . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said happily , `` I've got it all worked out , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Left in their previous atom-like smallness , they would have cut away too abruptly into depth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They came together in the huge , high-ceilinged Council Chamber to hear the late leader eulogized . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sonar in medical research (Filtered Words: 0)
Since a ruled surface of order N with N concurrent generators is necessarily a cone , it follows finally that every line through a point , P , of **zg meets its image at P , as asserted . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was said that the [FILTERED] plotted to take over the entire [FILTERED] newspaper empire one day by means of various coups : the destruction of editors who tried to halt his course , the unfrocking of publishers whose mistakes of judgment might be magnified in secret reports to Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
I had developed too foolproof a facade to be afraid of self-betrayal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until our Moscow experience , I had not considered it necessary to prepare any argument formally or informally . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our collective policies , group and national , are similarly based on voodoo , but here we often lack even the empirically successful rituals and are still engaged in determing them . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may amaze yourself and acquire a real knack for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
'49 ) found these shunts in the human being but was unable to find them in rats . (Filtered Words: 0)
He glanced up in time to see [FILTERED] hurtling down on him from above , literally flying through the air , his bloody face twisted . (Filtered Words: 1)
The conversation apparently convinced Mr. [FILTERED] that the positions of France and Tunisia were not irreconcilable . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of these exhibits , 154 were newly constructed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grinned his father . (Filtered Words: 0)
His interest in the formal study of religion waned when he was sixteen and he substituted for it an interest in Asian affairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The department apparently intends to make the Rural Roads Authority a revolving fund under which new bonds would be issued every time a portion of the old ones are paid off by tax authorities . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How can a man with any degree of common decency charge this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as the national and state parks place emphasis on features which are of national or state significance , counties should seek out these features which are distinctive of their area . (Filtered Words: 0)
The continuing modernization of these forces is a costly but necessary process . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , it seems axiomatic that the government has an obligation `` to exercise its mandate reasonably , equitably and with full regard for the disruptions which it inevitably causes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , for the above parasites , feed continuously at these levels : Feeder cattle -- 2-5 grams of phenothiazine daily ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the efficiency **yt couplers is given by -- Af or approximately 50 percent each . (Filtered Words: 0)
Further , do our reforming friends really believe that the cartoonists will consent to the banishment of the tiger from their zoo ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She is in Madame Tussard's Waxworks in London , a princess of the Kiowa tribe and an honorary colonel in many states . (Filtered Words: 0)
To assemble : (Filtered Words: 0)
He and [FILTERED] would go out on tame elephants , raised from babyhood in the keddah . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 ) The concept that an `` American national folklore '' exists is itself probably another propagandistic legend . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 1958 military pay act departed from this established formula by providing for a 6% increase rather than a proportionate increase for everyone retired prior to its effective date of June 1 , 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A number of other nineteenth-century developments contributed to the transmutation of the law of nations into international law ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If it were not for the effect of destructive agencies , sawtimber growth would have been nearly twice as great as the 47 billion board feet in 1952 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sharing the program was the young French-Canadian tenor [FILTERED] , making his stadium debut on this occasion . (Filtered Words: 1)
But you should understand , [FILTERED] , that Hesperus and [FILTERED] are not long out of the nursery . (Filtered Words: 2)
Bailly , after leaving Fort Snelling in August 1821 , was forced to leave some of the cattle at the Hudson's Bay Company's post on Lake Traverse `` in the Sieux Country '' and reached [FILTERED] , as the Selkirk Hudson's Bay Company center was now called , late in the fall . (Filtered Words: 1)
Let us prepare for peace , instead of for a war which would mean the end of civilization . (Filtered Words: 0)
Martin felt it was incredible that the situation had come to exist at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had taken out first papers for American citizenship ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't take it like this '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
We have entered into an agreement for the sale of the present [FILTERED] properties , effective as soon as we have completed removal to our new plant . (Filtered Words: 1)
Charcoal '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The dances were as beautiful as anything I have ever seen -- they rival the New York Rockettes for scenery and precision as well as imagination . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was more to this than [FILTERED] had told him . (Filtered Words: 1)
He opened it a crack and in doing so made as much shuffling , coughing , and scraping noise as possible in order to drown emanations from the hen who had begun to protest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through the gloom he could not see the man beside him clearly but he knew him thoroughly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Harold indicated the photograph on the wall and asked what church the stone sculpture was in . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , it is an important link in the plot , giving us a revealing glimpse of the people's attitude toward [FILTERED] and the false [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Little Rock is , without any flattery , one of the dullest towns in the United States and I would not have remained two hours in the place , if I had not met with some good friends who made me forget its dreariness '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , the boy's credentials were in order -- scholastic transcript , character references , picture , health record , successful college boards . (Filtered Words: 0)
In each case there was an initial act of violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of the shading of one type of course into another , I believe it is useful to talk about vocational courses as apart from academic courses . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I try to work out my reasons for feeling that this passage is of critical significance , I come up with the following ideas , which I shall express very briefly here and revert to in a later essay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fourteen years is the maximum penalty now faced by the new five , who may have altered history in the 1960s . (Filtered Words: 0)
If God be for us , who can be against us ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the Attorney General of California , at the request of the Secretary of Labor , sought to have the jurisdiction over the issue removed to the Federal District Court , on grounds that it was predominantly a Federal issue since the validity of the Secretary's Regulation was being challenged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Awkwardly and laboriously , in stiff , unemotional phrases , the soldiers continue to bridge the distance between themselves and those they love ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If these services are to be maintained , the New York Central must have the revenues to make them possible '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They reside at 4911 [FILTERED] Dr. . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Since when did they allow beardless kids into the saloon bars of this town , boys '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There the name vaguely connotes new-rich wealth , a reputation for eccentricity , and an ardor for collecting art . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other exceptions are assignments for the benefit of creditors , corporate dissolutions , transfers by descent , or transfers by subrogation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wow . (Filtered Words: 0)
One doctor prescribed a tablespoon of whiskey or brandy before each meal for leg cramps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oak Park , Aug. 8 (Filtered Words: 0)
This letter would have got to me if she hadn't even put Rome , Italy , on it . (Filtered Words: 0)
those of 1788 were going to prove decisive , though many of their details are obscure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The game was resumed . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had been picked up by the Russians , questioned in connection with some pamphlets , sentenced to life imprisonment for espionage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every plane that could fly was sent into the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moving as he is into the phase of the campaign which demands conviction of him , he adopts a position that is morally indefensible . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the world's top sportsman -- pro or amateur -- Sports Illustrated tapped golf's confident [FILTERED] ( Time cover , May 2 ) , who staged two cliffhanging rallies to win both the Masters and U.S. Open crowns , went on to win a record $80,738 for the year . (Filtered Words: 1)
but if it had been , it had been smothered until now by fear ) : you could tell it by the way she watched the older , bigger boys , like [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
And , as [FILTERED] found out , obviously mistaken in many cases . (Filtered Words: 1)
This year , moreover , growing numbers of nuclear powered submarines will enter our active forces , some to be armed with [FILTERED] missiles . (Filtered Words: 1)
God's mercy and patience will last forever . (Filtered Words: 0)
the drought-seared North Central states are the most notable exceptions to the uptrend . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Examiner , during Steele's trial a month later , printed an answer from the `` Courtier '' addressed to `` R. S. '' at [FILTERED]'s coffee-house . (Filtered Words: 1)
He kept going . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consumer communities have suffered at the hands of the productive interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many buildings (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , disclosures that missile workers were earning sums far in excess of what is paid for equivalent work elsewhere provoked his indignation on behalf of the American taxpayer who was footing the bill . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
O'Banion was born in poverty , the son of an immigrant Irish plasterer , in the North Side's [FILTERED] , close by the Sicilian quarter and Death Corner . (Filtered Words: 1)
Probably saw me in the lobby . (Filtered Words: 0)
Damn his luck . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well you can pose inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the wall of this square there are delightful bas-reliefs of musical instruments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shelley sent a copy to [FILTERED] , a former friend , and another to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The League of Women Voters , 40 now and admitting it proudly , is inviting financial contributions in the windup of its fund drive . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It won't work , Colonel '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would have told her , but Victoria was yodeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Unfortunately '' , says Chief Postal Inspector [FILTERED] , who has prosecuted many device quacks , `` the ghouls who trade on the hopes of the desperately ill often cannot be successfully prosecuted because the patients who are the chief witnesses die before the case is called up in court '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was a beautiful boy , really , with finely-spun blonde hair and a smooth and still effeminate face , and his eyelashes were long and dark and brushlike , and his eyes were blue . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] presumably would cope . (Filtered Words: 1)
The regulations require the inscription of each individual ( male or female , adult or child ) on a separate card ( fiche ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The safest place is the basement corner least exposed to windows and deepest below ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
But as conversation goes on , particularly among the realtors themselves , another image emerges , that of considerable power and influence in the community . (Filtered Words: 0)
The walls feel slippery . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took several large swallows , recollected that [FILTERED] had gone up another flight , and decided he would be wise to cover himself by finding him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The variation in the 3-cm emission of the moon during a lunation is very much less than the variation in the 8.6-mm emission , as would be expected from the explanation of Piddington and [FILTERED] ( 1949 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Would the driver see the turtle ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the purpose of this magazine to serve as an outlet for student creative writing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Same time , early , before the fog burned off , because she didn't like the sun ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then was it a final desperate plea from her , to whom ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If it is assumed that the formula given by Lodge of cosec Af applies , the pressure difference along the major axes can be calculated from the angle of inclination of the major axis , and from this the interfacial tension can be calculated . (Filtered Words: 0)
A slight change in the work schedule may cut the production of cows or chickens . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the chief features of this community of interest is the automotive patents cross-licensing agreement , a milestone in the development of American industrial cooperation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , girls 31 , 29 , 33 , 21 , 26 , 13 , 3 , 4 , 14 , 32 , 24 , 25 , 34 , 23 , 6 , 15 , 22 , and 16 may be said to have the `` same schedule '' at Onset and Completion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Red , come along . (Filtered Words: 0)
In so doing he implicitly offers the positive contagion of hope as a kind of maturational dynamic to counteract feelings of helplessness and hopelessness generally associated with the first stages of stress impact . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taurog , Potter and Chaikoff , 1955 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They'll trample it down . (Filtered Words: 0)
The poems which were addressed to her , while they are far more restrained than those of `` Love In Dian's Lap '' , show no great technical advance over those of the `` Narrow Vessel '' group and are , if anything , somewhat more labored . (Filtered Words: 0)
She retreated by leaving the room when we suggested that our meeting might well terminate right then and there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon he was ready to go into a three-dimensional figure in clay . (Filtered Words: 0)
He proceeded M.A. in 1632 , and B.D. in 1639 , being made fellow in 1632 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suppose the lines in front of the movie houses were too long and we couldn't get in ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For innocence , of all the graces of the spirit , is I believe the one most to be prayed for . (Filtered Words: 0)
Financial and material help have come from academic , governmental , and industrial organizations in England and Holland . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a dismal , drizzly day but a good one on which to score over the Augusta National course . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you don't leave this country within 3 days , your life will be taken the same as [FILTERED]'s was . (Filtered Words: 1)
Asked a red-haired girl named Ceecee Witter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , of course , that the Russians are the nuclear villains , radiation is a nastier word than it was in the mid , when the US was testing in the atmosphere . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The kid's froze good . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am not doing anything , of myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
This added a personal zest to class discussions and participation . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Elaine's uncle had stuck to this desire for aloneness , he probably would still be alive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vince swore again . (Filtered Words: 0)
The need is for reference works of a more specialized nature than individual libraries , adequate to satisfy everyday needs , could afford . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fumes of progress are in his nose and the bright steel of industry towers before his eyes , but his heart is away in Yoknapatawpha County with razorback hogs and night riders . (Filtered Words: 0)
to those who believe in his name : Who were born not of blood , nor of the will of the flesh , nor of the will of man , but of God . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a graduate of Portland University and the Northwestern College of Law . (Filtered Words: 0)
His company , Spice-Nice , will receive a $250 award , which will be distributed among the 16 charter members . (Filtered Words: 0)
The theme of glorious summer coming after a long winter of discontent and repression was , he has told us , congenial to his artistic sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had retained his hat and his horn , and , whatever fun might still be going , he was ready to join it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It places certain values at least beyond questioning and tampering . (Filtered Words: 0)
He called her `` the Mare '' much as Mrs. [FILTERED] spoke of `` the Queen , God bless her '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` She's nowhere , nowhere '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dangerous , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
A silence fell . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the campers still come . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spent concentrated weeks putting his two figures together : a Mary who would be young and sensitive , yet strong enough to hold her son on her lap ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a ragged volley . (Filtered Words: 0)
These new pictures focussed on the familiar and commonplace objects that he had heard the men in his prison camp talking about as the things they missed most , hence associated with the sense of lost freedom : the cafe at the corner , the newspaper kiosk , the girls in doorways and windows along the street , the golden-crusted French bread they lacked , the cigarettes denied them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Time is built into the motion picture , which cannot exist without time . (Filtered Words: 0)
With Hudson looking on , his protege Greene picked a fight with the ship's surgeon , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But , even if Mr. [FILTERED] labors too hard to extract more refinements of meaning and feeling from his travel experiences than the limits of language allow , he still can charm and astound . (Filtered Words: 1)
His broad reading took him into certain by-ways of religion and the subject of religion began to fascinate him . (Filtered Words: 0)
And return to the United States she did , into waiting arms -- the unromantic ones of the New York District Attorney's office . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Aug. 8 (Filtered Words: 1)
Stevie yearned for a dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
It did not . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , as a field measurement , it is open to question . (Filtered Words: 0)
The firm red spleen weighed 410 gm. , and its surface was mottled by discrete , small patches of white material . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew that three or four of them were almost always present in the hall , but what they were doing , and exactly where , I could not tell . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The main bunch is outside , but there are some over there inside the wall '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the influenza pandemic of 1918-19 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They reincarnated the figures of human beings banished from his canvases since the 1920's . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could imagine her at this minute , honeymooning in Nassau with what's-his-name , lounging on golden sands , looking forward to a life of unalloyed bliss . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of the post-World War 2 , abstract expressionists , apostles of the discipline of spontaneity and hazard , look alike , and do look like accidents . (Filtered Words: 0)
Point is that developing countries often build up a textile industry first , need encouragement to get on their feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Participating members may attend five of the concerts for $9 ( not all ten concerts as was erroneously announced earlier in The Chronicle ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
excess tension will only cause undue wear on the motor and spindle bearings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Barton touched [FILTERED] arm and moved off , up the river bank . (Filtered Words: 1)
A third wrote that it was `` raining like poring peas on a rawhide '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What on earth was in [FILTERED]'s mind , that she wanted him up there spying on what the cops were doing ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Some time in 1912 , [FILTERED] cut out and folded a piece of paper in the shape of a guitar ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'm going to walk up to the horses , bold as brass , pretending I'm one of the guerrillas . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stern face would relax , the black-clad arms would embrace him , `` My son '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The correlation ( Table 2 ) between onset age and completion age was -.50 , and that between onset age and [FILTERED] was -.10 . (Filtered Words: 1)
There , along the east bank of the Southern Bug , opposite the hamlet of Zhitzhakli a few miles north of the Black Sea , he arrived at General [FILTERED] of the Russian Army . (Filtered Words: 1)
I knew that . (Filtered Words: 0)
In particular he sought the gentle , sweet-faced nuns , with head coverings and veils coming to the middle of their foreheads , remembering their expressions until he reached home and set them down on paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
After what seemed several seconds , the open mouth grew dark inside then blood began to ooze from it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The little boys shrilled out a Yiddish translation or interpretation of the Five Books of Moses , which they had previously chanted in Hebrew . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't come back for over two . (Filtered Words: 0)
My intention , therefore , is not to say that [FILTERED]'s awareness has been confined within the borders of the South , but rather that he has looked at his world as a [FILTERED] and that presumably his outlook is Southern . (Filtered Words: 2)
American and free-world policies can marginally affect the pace of transition ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And she . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now , if I can just figure out what he's talking about , I'll use it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( It is sort of as if our government should decide to disown Washington or Lincoln for the same reason . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What did I imagine '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the United States Department of Agriculture's Yearbook Of Agriculture , 1952 , which is devoted entirely to insects , [FILTERED] mentions a site in Utah which was estimated to contain 200,000 nesting females . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nor will the hack , the [FILTERED]-of-all-trades , still found in some of the smaller art schools , suffice . (Filtered Words: 1)
It places certain values at least beyond questioning and tampering . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elaine shook her head as she slipped out of her harness , but Poet nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a fine broody hen , white , with a maternal eye and a striking abundance of feathers in the under region of the abdomen . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is expected that in 1963 two prototype aircraft will be available for flight testing . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case he would be thrusting a burden on his remaining sons , making them parties to a deception peculiarly his own . (Filtered Words: 0)
Molten glare singed their eyelids an angry crimson ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , drapers , asked [FILTERED] to see to business matters in London . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` A bullet '' , she answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pugh . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her initial intelligence tests registered above normal and her adaptation index was unusually high . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe he's at the hotel '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the second day [FILTERED] began to worry ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
In stating this position , we should like to make it clear to you that we cannot expect artists and intellectuals in other lands to share our opinion in every respect . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was strictly the deputy's game , but McBride had gone too far to throw in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly the Spanish became an English in which only one word emerged with clarity and precision , `` son of a bitch '' , sometimes hyphenated by vicious jabs of a beer bottle into [FILTERED]'s quivering ribs . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had his own face , dark and beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Evangelism and congregational outreach have not been carefully studied in the churches ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll bribe you with a nice '' -- He was about to say `` double martini '' but thought better of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally , Mr. [FILTERED] and the other singers in his troupe are most charming and elegant when they are squarely in their tradition and singing music by their countrymen : [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
In a conditioning experiment , he demonstrated the antagonism between feeding and pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , she apologized for the long scratch across his face , tried to explain she couldn't help herself , that the panic arose in her unwanted . (Filtered Words: 0)
No sooner were they through and the guards posted , than the whole camp turned in for a night of sound sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Encouraged by her giggles he imitated [FILTERED] who was crazy about ham . (Filtered Words: 1)
In one cartoon a family is shown outside a theater with the head of the family addressing the doorman : `` Excuse me , but when we came out we found that we had left my daughter's handbag and my wife's behind '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , I'd have lost him if it hadn't been for the electronic shadowing device . (Filtered Words: 0)
In an over-all ASW concept , dependence on and effort expended for such systems should be limited to those with proven capabilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hydraulic '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As the Zen literature reveals , as soon as an early Zen master attained fame in seclusion , he was called out into the world to exercise his powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis against starting buffer always showed intense agglutinin activity , regardless of the blood group of the donor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who shall separate us from the love of Christ ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it was the custom of that alert colony to take over the property of persons asking for protection , this was an act roughly equivalent to throwing open the door to a pack of wolves and saying `` Come and get it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not a mutually exclusive plan ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] scraped back and customers hastily vacated their tables as the tall young buffalo hunter pushed open the swing doors and walked towards the bar . (Filtered Words: 1)
She did not go so far as to say , as was done on other occasions , that Abstraction as well as Impressionism were a Russian invention that had been discarded as unwanted by the people of the U.S.S.R. (Filtered Words: 0)
The mother and daughter , who will be buried side by side in Mt. Olivet Cemetery , rested together today in closed caskets at the Lyle Elliott Funeral Home , 31730 Mound , Warren . (Filtered Words: 0)
All evening she was eloquent and pleased with herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
After they had paid all his debts and the funeral costs , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had some fourteen thousand dollars , as I remember , with which to pay the bequests . (Filtered Words: 2)
Telephone and telegraph (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey heard a cry from the girl and felt a slight pain somewhere in his hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sales of transistors in 1960 exceeded $300 million , compared to $222 million in 1959 despite substantial price reductions in virtually all types . (Filtered Words: 0)
it enables members of the society to operate as a system . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be hard to find anything more equivocal than : `` I cannot recommend him too highly '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is only a minimum list of the factors that inhibit learning and contribute to maladjustment among children . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That much Latin we remember '' , [FILTERED] said dryly . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Wherefore also He ( God ) drove him ( man ) out of Paradise , and removed him far from the tree of life , not because He envied him the tree of life , as some venture to assert , but because He pitied him , ( and did not desire ) that he should continue a sinner for ever , nor that the sin which surrounded him should be immortal , and evil interminable and irremediable . (Filtered Words: 0)
2.4 the continuous deterministic process (Filtered Words: 0)
details on marketing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He speaks your language too , for he is the grandson of a chieftain on Taui who made much magic and was strong and cunning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the President cannot pick up his telephone and give a `` go '' order . (Filtered Words: 0)
if [FILTERED] had had a finger in it , he had gotten away with it -- and what happened to supreme bishops worried Jubal not at all as long as he wasn't bothered . (Filtered Words: 1)
I waited a solid two hours before my man came out of the office building . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was something troubling him though : as yet they hadn't Five days . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the audience a man named [FILTERED] lost his head and tried to rescue a little girl from the mob , on the same principle which had led [FILTERED] to demand water . (Filtered Words: 2)
Dr. [FILTERED] supports the idea that the universe both expands and contracts , that in several billion years the expansion will slow up and reverse itself and that the contraction will set in . (Filtered Words: 1)
their mutual torture would be over . (Filtered Words: 0)
Easily the best known of these three novels is The Space Merchants , a good example of a science-fiction dystopia which extrapolates much more than the impact of science on human life , though its most important warning is in this area , namely as to the use to which discoveries in the behavioral sciences may be put . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had written his classic `` incidents of travel '' about these regions a hundred years before , and Catherwood , who had studied [FILTERED] in London and the great ruins of Egypt and Greece , had drawn the splendid illustrations that accompanied the text . (Filtered Words: 2)
Speaking recently in Miami , Governor Rockefeller said that `` to assure the sufficiency of our own weapons in the face of the recent Soviet tests , we are now clearly compelled to conduct our own nuclear tests '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the Negroes landed at Boston a month later they were , of course , no longer slaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rourke was talking on the phone when he came back . (Filtered Words: 0)
This one was going to be different . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nowhere in Isfahan is this rich aesthetic life of the Persians shown so well as during the promenade at the Khaju bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s invention achieved this and , as a byproduct , formed the cornerstone of [FILTERED] & Sharpe's position of leadership in the gear making equipment field which lasted until the 1920's when superceded by other methods . (Filtered Words: 1)
I nodded to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Oh , no-o ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , the sensation always surprised him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In repeated sets of five shots his numbers of bull's-eyes vary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aristotle also tended to stratify all aspects of human nature and activity into levels of excellence and , like [FILTERED] , he put the pure and unimpassioned intellect on the top level . (Filtered Words: 1)
All are well written and are overwritten . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] with and [FILTERED] with were the only Pirates dragging their feet . (Filtered Words: 2)
He attacked one of the officers and was restrained . (Filtered Words: 0)
No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe I will grow another head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Diane sobbingly denied this to the court . (Filtered Words: 0)
As one would surmise , the procedure , however , could be repeated with the same object or with the same type of object often enough , so that the corresponding visual blots and the merest beginning of the tracing movement would provide clues as to the actual shape , which the patient then immediately could determine by a kind of inference . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here was a cause she believed in . (Filtered Words: 0)
I grabbed her arm and she turned on me and for a scared second I thought that maybe [FILTERED] was right , and she was crazy . (Filtered Words: 1)
When Giffen decided to charge him interest on the loan from [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] readily assented , vowing that in a matter of dollars and cents , his brothers would never have any cause to complain of him . (Filtered Words: 2)
-- But let him be ready to invent whatever falsehood -- to assail whatever character -- and to prostitute his paper to whatever ends -- and they hug him to their heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
Banks had a family -- a wife , a daughter , and a son . (Filtered Words: 0)
It need hardly be remarked that [FILTERED] was not generally known for his scrupulosity about keeping his social engagements , which makes his irritation in this letter all the more significant . (Filtered Words: 1)
But he is a West Point graduate and therefore must be born to command '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're so preoccupied that you've let your faith grow dim . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The committee continues to feel that Florida has progressed in a sound and equitable program at both the state and local levels in its efforts to review and assess transition problems as they arise from time to time in the entire spectrum of civil rights '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Top dog , sleeping and eating right there with the Staff . (Filtered Words: 0)
The one unifying note , if any , is sounded in the initial article entitled : `` How To Get Through The Day '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gavin's stallion was in the barn and he tightened the cinches over the saddle blanket , working by touch in the darkness , comforting the animal with easy words . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is alone in that big old house and won't hear to parting from it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs , and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though the registers may have an incomplete record of persons present in a particular area or include persons no longer living there , they contain precise information on ages , by date of birth , for some of the persons present ( especially children in relatively stable communities ) and supplementary information ( such as records of marital status ) for many others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Demonstrations of new and projected training aids were conducted at the Medical Service Instructor's Conference , Brooke Army Medical Center , Texas . (Filtered Words: 0)
there is no phrase or image that sounds like Hardy or that is striking enough to give individuality to the poem . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl , her first , she barely remembered . (Filtered Words: 0)
And you know you will always wonder all of your life whether it was because you wanted him so bad that you didn't get him , and you can feel nearly sorry enough to cry when you think of that other guy , the chump who begged you to marry him , the one with the plastered hair and the car he couldn't afford and the too-shiny shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each stage transforms the state Af of its feed to the state Af in a way that depends on the operating variables Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Zen maintains that cognitive things are only the surface of experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Means tried her first . (Filtered Words: 0)
These two were going to be easy pickins . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experiments carried out over long periods of time in order to allow establishment of a steady state have shown that the onset of contraction and its completion are confined to an interval of several degrees Centigrade and to a concentration range of only several per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the new process impurities present in the solvent ( benzene ) , the monomer , and in the reaction system which would cause deactivation of propagation centers , are rendered inactive prior to polymerization by gradual addition of initiator , a mixture of butyl-lithium and telomeric styryl-lithium , at a temperature low enough to suppress chain growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is due this week (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Non , non '' , she said , taking the bottle , `` not for that be sorry '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Payments made pursuant to this Title shall be made only to the person or persons on behalf of whom the award is made , except that -- ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
I won't be in town for a couple of days , though , and there's that case I was supposed to handle this afternoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
It overlooks the other fact that it is described as `` Nec minus salutaris quam festivus '' , `` no less salutary than gay '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He didn't '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
these , almost by definition , are spokesmen for an alienated ideology . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their world , again , was a still simple , traditional age which was only slowly beginning to appreciate the complexity of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know what you mean '' , [FILTERED] sighed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Twenty thousand world citizens at Stuttgart had signed a petition inviting me to visit their town . (Filtered Words: 0)
The performances were assured , communicative and pleasingly informal . (Filtered Words: 0)
At times we can say that it was the major factor . (Filtered Words: 0)
What may be acceptable in one state may be strictly prohibited across the boundary line . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purpose of this sort of philosophical study of sociology is not to tyrannize but to clarify the principles of social science . (Filtered Words: 0)
All Southerners agree that slavery had to go ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Jess didn't seem too sure himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he approached the first farmhouse , thunder sounded behind him again , closer now and louder , like a steadily advancing drum corps . (Filtered Words: 0)
A great many retired people are the so-called white collar workers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a quiet but impressive room -- 140 feet long , thirty-nine feet wide , twenty-one feet high . (Filtered Words: 0)
Services tomorrow (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll pay you back if you'll let us . (Filtered Words: 0)
We , ourselves , are always eager to know how others feel about us and the way in which we live . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of the calculated time he'd nose the Waco down through the cloud bank and hope to break through where some feature of the winter landscape would be recognizable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The average Congolese can do little more than puzzle out the meaning of `` la chatte '' and `` le chien '' and write his name . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wait for me , [FILTERED] , I'll be dressed in half a second '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
It is believed that these boards will , within the next few years , replace many of the conventional flood-lighted boards now in use . (Filtered Words: 0)
Use one 6-ounce chicken breast for each guest . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is , for example , a stunning Krakowiak that closes the first act ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] took no chances . (Filtered Words: 1)
The House was his habitat and there he flourished , first as a young representative , then as a forceful committee chairman , and finally in the post for which he seemed intended from birth , Speaker of the House , and second most powerful man in Washington . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the contrary , the frenzy and furor of combat is only the sombre foil against which the sudden illuminations of the human flash forth with the piercing radiance of a Caravaggio . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Ruling would not , however , apply to an acquisition of assets for cash . (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally dormant and no spray danger (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be distant views of a valley or the mountains or natural features such as a small lake , colorful rock formations , or unusual trees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once , like you , I had one head , two hands , ten fingers on my hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
he was talking to himself thirteen to the dozen and smoking two cigars at once , clearly a man in extremis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somewhat uneven in interest for an average reader , eight or ten of these are among the finest of their kind in literature . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had he found the meaning too late ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is mirrored by the individual [FILTERED] , whose ideas and behavior patterns are so dependent and relativistic that they always coincide with those of the individual or group present and most important at the moment . (Filtered Words: 1)
Other countries which may willingly or unwillingly become Communist can furnish bases . (Filtered Words: 0)
if it had never printed a word of literature its contribution to the politico-sociological area would still be historic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most beakers are graduated in cubic centimeters ( cc. ) , making it necessary to convert the result to cubic inches . (Filtered Words: 0)
So had Miss [FILTERED] , full of criticisms about the changes here , giving thanks that her dear old father had gone to his Heavenly Rest last year , saying how much she enjoyed her boarding house in town in inclement weather , was looking forward to [FILTERED] this summer . (Filtered Words: 2)
Not at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sweating so much ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Respondents' practices in participating in advertised bidding for defense business ( Part C of the questionnaire ) 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
And though in his later years he revised his poems many times , the revisions did not alter the essential nature of the style which he had established before he was thirty ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A $500 reward was offered by the association's local in Kansas City , Kas. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Publication and distribution : (Filtered Words: 0)
Good service starts with product design and planning : Many products seem to be designed for a production economy , not for a service one . (Filtered Words: 0)
If his on-the-job problems work out , he may return to his old pattern . (Filtered Words: 0)
The song , he said , was called `` The Stream's Lullaby '' , and when he sang , `` Gute ruh , Gute ruh , Mach't die augen zu , '' there was such longing and such simple sadness that it frightened me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two kids were together a lot , they were having some kind of teen-age affair -- God knows how far that had gone -- and the kid's crippled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bathyrans were all gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The courts , by interpretation , emasculated the act . (Filtered Words: 0)
He held the black plastic kazoo lightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] smiled at [FILTERED] pleasantly and said , `` There was a cab waiting for me here . (Filtered Words: 2)
They came upon cheetal deer at woodland pools . (Filtered Words: 0)
It ran , this apocalyptic beast , on two thin legs , and its wings -- were they feathered arms ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was strictly the deputy's game , but McBride had gone too far to throw in . (Filtered Words: 0)
This covered , wooden bridge is so closely identified with the first action in the early morning of June 3 , 1861 , and with subsequent troop movements of both armies in the Philippi area that it has become a part and parcel of the war story . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morse said Borden let him out and locked the screen door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Readings of the number of milligrams of cholesterol in the blood , which seem to have value in predicting heart attacks , are becoming as routine as the electrocardiogram , which can show that the heart has suffered a symptomatic attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
but in this respect it was merely following the accepted Chinese convention for all maps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Artillery and air strikes were called in to kill them by the hundreds . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the matter with the music '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His reply was , `` Everything that has been printed derogatory to you , purporting to have come from me , was a betrayal , and nothing yet has been printed which I have sanctioned '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Starting in great force late in December , from a line stretching from East Prussia to Budapest , the Red armies had swept two hundred miles across Poland to the Oder , thirty miles from Berlin , and the Upper Danube region was being rapidly overrun , while the Western Allies had not yet occupied all of the left bank of the Rhine . (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] the result obtained in item 3 above by the amount used for each State in item 1 above . (Filtered Words: 1)
The compression ratio arrived at with the formula will be the same regardless of whether cubic inches or cubic centimeters are used . (Filtered Words: 0)
In certain other pictures , however , Braque began to paint areas in exact simulation of wood graining or marbleizing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cannot , of course , examine each proposal from scratch . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had sat beside [FILTERED] at the rostrum of a congress of Zionists . (Filtered Words: 1)
This kind of irresponsibility toward their students can scarcely build a strong professional attitude in the future designer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And you know , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , he always keeps it a strict cash basis , like they say '' -- (Filtered Words: 2)
Here and there on work table or pedestal stood a shape with a sheet or a tarpaulin draped over it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Respondents' practices in participating in advertised bidding for defense business ( Part C of the questionnaire ) 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This terminology will also be applied to the corresponding points in the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
The exhibition presents all phases of [FILTERED]'s many-sided art . (Filtered Words: 1)
They visited the shipyards at Brest and [FILTERED] had to sign the register , vouching for the integrity of the visiting foreigner . (Filtered Words: 1)
Next morning , they moved on again . (Filtered Words: 0)
The colors were astonishing , clear and bright , and it was as if the body held a fire of its own , and the colors came through that transparent flesh and skin , vivid and alive and warm . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this historic square are several statues , but the one that stands out over the others is that of Gen. [FILTERED] , hero of the Battle of New Orleans . (Filtered Words: 1)
Another result is that buyers are tending to bid up the prices of these tax-exempt bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Warsaw is my city , not Tel Aviv '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neutral or inversion meteorological conditions are necessary for a cloud to travel along the surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
A pitiful few of them are left now , to subsist mainly on the tourist trade and to sing their ancient tribal chants , which have the same haunting sadness as the laments of the American Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't say anything , trying to get my throat clear , but I watched him . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Protection from fire (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the strategy of blockade , therefore , that is suddenly at the center of attention of administration officials , Members of Congress , officers in the Pentagon . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was to be nothing more than that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Walk . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Are you a thrower of flame , marine '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Your mother would always retrieve him when he wandered off , and she would send him home to his son . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deterrent (Filtered Words: 0)
It was much more fun , reminding the girls of their old carefree days in the Hasseltine frolics room at Bradford . (Filtered Words: 0)
Austin , Texas (Filtered Words: 0)
True reality , of course , is the ideal , and the poet knows nothing of this ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
At night , when Mama would turn back the covers , she would have to take all the dolls off the bed and place them elsewhere for the night . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would you like to grow exhibition pansies ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He almost brought it back all the way '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both of these purposes exist side by side without much overt conflict under present conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
so also did [FILTERED] , having a man betrothed ( to her ) , and being nevertheless a virgin , by yielding obedience , become the cause of salvation , both to herself and the whole human race '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet some , like [FILTERED] , would bankrupt themselves for the new ideas . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dr. [FILTERED] says if I exercise my leg more , maybe I can use a cane when I'm big '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I think maybe you're right , Schaffner '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He dashed madly for the next elbow turn in the draw , and made it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The simplest kind of separate system uses a single , self-contained unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Use of the characteristics of the platform components for an indication of true heading . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry , Mrs. [FILTERED] '' , [FILTERED] said in a tone so low you could hardly hear it . (Filtered Words: 2)
He knew all about the infection and the fever , and , too , the moment of realization when he saw for himself , threw up his hands and quit , ended the war as a prisoner in Texas . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sound discoveries of this quixotic genius were so diluted by those of fantasy that the prize was never awarded to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
His face was ruddy and heavy and unlined , and when he laughed he showed his teeth , which were big and white and strong and unquestionably home-grown . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many public and private controversies will undoubtedly continue to reflect these confusions in the mind and usage of Gentile and Jew . (Filtered Words: 0)
the protection of watershed lands from erosion and overgrazing by animals . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cases involved judges in the 33d , 24th , and 42d precincts of the 31st ward , the 21st and 28th precincts of the 29th ward , the 18th precinct of the 4th ward , and the 9th precinct of the 23d ward . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had picked up the quirt and was twirling it around her wrist and smiling at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The special guard , however , was still posted on [FILTERED] bridge . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some opposition to the home rule movement started to be heard yesterday , with spokesmen for the town's insurgent Democratic leadership speaking out against the home rule charter in favor of the model municipal league charter . (Filtered Words: 0)
He demanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How's your sunburn now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes sir '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
He advises women to beware `` of those places which in sorrows cheere you and beguile you in mirth '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The proper correlation of the art with the academic can be achieved only if this standard is observed . (Filtered Words: 0)
a new post-World War 2 , record . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wear and tear of life have taught me that very few friends of mutual friends long to see foreign strangers , but I planned on being the soul of tact , of giving them plenty of outs was there the tiniest implication that their cups were already running over without us . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes it was to skirt a gulley . (Filtered Words: 0)
Questioned further , [FILTERED] said that there had been four or five priests riding on the same car with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Travelers Indemnity Co. and the Continental Casualty Co. . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was put out too because there was only one way of understanding what she'd done . (Filtered Words: 0)
They should live in modest circumstances , avoiding all conspicuous consumption . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , an Italian architect of the sixteenth century , modeled his designs on its [FILTERED] and Ionic columns . (Filtered Words: 2)
from the General's idea a chain reaction occurred . (Filtered Words: 0)
A nigger boy opened the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] himself , uncommunicative as he is about his lesser and nonliterary activities , at least gives us some evidence that he was a great walker , under any and all conditions . (Filtered Words: 1)
His spare time is spent in soaring gliders . (Filtered Words: 0)
He died of typhoid in 1921 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the artist would study his work more thoroughly and move certain units in his design , often only slightly , finer pictures would result . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had a cup of something steaming , coffee perhaps , in one hand , a fresh piece of toast in the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stock design is excellent , and this model is a good first gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
The continuities , contrasts , and similarities discernible when past and present are surveyed together are inexhaustible and the one is often understood through the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
and when this is done it will be found that the principles governing Christian resistance cut across the distinction between violent and non-violent means , and apply to both alike , justifying either on occasion and always limiting either action . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a broad spectrum of organisms from which selection for a specified military purpose might be made . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED] thought , smug and sappy . (Filtered Words: 2)
Obviously someone has to sell in order for someone to buy , and vice versa . (Filtered Words: 0)
Berto knew all about Fascism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alec locked the hall door and put the key with his watch on the bedside table . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it not the obligation of us older citizens to lend our weight to being creative on the character side and to hasten our own maturing process ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] art God '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the 10-year period , it is proposed that insect and disease control on the National Forest System be stepped up to a level of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations that will substantially reduce the occurrence of large infestations toward the end of the initial period . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a cowboy spoke of `` dustin' '' a cow , he meant that he throwed dust into her eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jenny wished now that she had had Dr. [FILTERED] , feeling that somehow he wouldn't have allowed the dear baby to turn into triplets . (Filtered Words: 1)
Calls proposal modest (Filtered Words: 0)
Producer [FILTERED] should have looked at some of the old silent films where they really had parties ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
And was he afraid to do anything as definite as releasing her ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Juniors who attend this Chicago show should make a point to enter this Class as it would be of great help to them . (Filtered Words: 0)
A complete plan (Filtered Words: 0)
With [FILTERED] enacting the central role with husky-voiced sincerity , the longsuffering heroine is at least attractive . (Filtered Words: 1)
Plants (Filtered Words: 0)
Fear-maddened , fleeing the lengthening shadow of death , he scrambled to his feet again . (Filtered Words: 0)
I came out here to retire . (Filtered Words: 0)
The language and notation introduced are standard throughout the chapter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Floating ice bore down from the north and west . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though not actually crewel embroidery , it has that look with its over-stitched raised pattern in blue , pink , bronze and gold and a sauterne background . (Filtered Words: 0)
In discussing the ways this crisis is germane to consderations for the prevention of illegitimacy , we shall again superimpose [FILTERED]'s concept on our data . (Filtered Words: 1)
Electrical pickoffs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the latter obviously require an audacity you do not possess , you may perhaps suppose that I am taunting you as socially inferior . (Filtered Words: 0)
Glaze with two coats of matt glazes in turquoise with touches of blossom pink on lid . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the crowd was asked whether it wanted to wait one more term to make the race , it voted no -- and there were no dissents . (Filtered Words: 0)
They remained close together , their air trail wiggling like serpents traveling side by side . (Filtered Words: 0)
This signifies that **yc , the rake angle , is no longer a constant to zero film thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instantly , he chilled . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
I submit that it cannot be dismissed simply by saying we are not facing the facts of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
As expected , most of the activity was found in Fraction Af , with slight activity seen in Fraction 4-1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He can sacrifice himself for tomorrow and he can sacrifice tomorrow for himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some significant new items see the pictures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of them are very delicious indeed , and there are many good ones exported -- unfortunately , along with others not so good , and worse . (Filtered Words: 0)
This basic principle , the first in a richly knotted bundle , was conveyed to me by Dr. [FILTERED] , Jr. , at the University of Buffalo , where he heads the world's first department of anthropology and linguistics . (Filtered Words: 1)
**yc is defined by the geometry of the knife ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The more canvassing I do , the more I note how far most people are from their personal God '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They condemned the movie script writers for implying that sex was enjoyable and exhilarating . (Filtered Words: 0)
Board Chairman [FILTERED] of the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Co. , testified the B & O was in its worst financial condition since the depression years and badly needed the economic lift it would get from consolidation with the Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad . (Filtered Words: 1)
The third crawling man forced himself erect . (Filtered Words: 0)
The preconditions of sociology have remained largely unexamined by the sociologist . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why not ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately , Brooks's teammates were not in such festive mood as the Orioles expired before the seven-hit pitching of three Kansas City rookie hurlers . (Filtered Words: 0)
I cannot define it fully . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come on . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brakes howled and a horn blared furiously , but the man would have been hit if [FILTERED] hadn't called out to him a second before . (Filtered Words: 1)
Such characters , with their low existence and often low morality , produce humorous effects in his novels and tales , as they did in the writing of Longstreet and Hooper and Harris , but it need not be added that he gives them far subtler and more intricate functions than they had in the earlier writers ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I grunted , sipping . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw you driftin away -- but I tried . (Filtered Words: 0)
Igor Oistrakh will be the next soloist on Feb. 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
However , it is important to trace the philosophy of the French Revolution to its sources to understand the common democratic origin of individualism and socialism and the influence of the latter on the former . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's somewhat off the beaten track , to be sure , but therein lies its variety and charm . (Filtered Words: 0)
We cannot truthfully say of anyone who has succeeded in entering deep into his sixties that he was never old . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since Russian was being spoken instead of Spanish , there is no violation of artistry or logic here . (Filtered Words: 0)
this is a question which I have no wish to take up -- condensation is a phenomenon in which one finds not a condensed expression of various feelings and ideas which are , at an unconscious level , well sorted out , but rather a condensed expression of feelings and ideas which , even in the unconscious , have yet to become well differentiated from one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somebody was riding the tree . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second stage is to retain the nominal classification of `` neutralist '' , while in fact turning the country into an active advocate and adherent of Soviet policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We must persuade them to enjoy a way of life which , if not identical , is congenial with ours '' , he said but adding that if they do not develop the kind of society they themselves want it will lack ritiuality and loyalty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Artists and poets are the raw nerve-ends of humanity ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The double-step type (Filtered Words: 0)
Now ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the House pariah . (Filtered Words: 0)
she got out of the coffee shop before the incident could be repeated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Article 6 , entry into force (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Perfect set-up '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Serve in frankfurter buns or as a meat dish . (Filtered Words: 0)
Noting that President [FILTERED] has handed the Defense Department the major responsibility for the nation's civil defense program , Mr. [FILTERED] said the federal government would pay half the salary of a full-time local director . (Filtered Words: 2)
It is Eromonga -- look hard , you can see with your naked eye the wooden scaffolding on the cliff '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the crummy bastard could write ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not a line , not a wrinkle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Zen maintains that cognitive things are only the surface of experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check the oil and water , sir ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the faint beginnings of fear stirred in his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The poet was by definition a realist , his imaginings and parables being natural organizations of reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Space charge influences will also decrease at increased voltages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like [FILTERED] , I can't see something like this happening to me . (Filtered Words: 1)
He didn't want to encourage anything here ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I tell you , it took every ounce of control I had to be able to speak . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one would question such an errand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , that's what I meant to tell you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Survivors include a son , [FILTERED] , Memphis , Tenn. ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
No need to kill an entire city and all its people because we lacked the precision and reconnaissance to selectively disarm the enemy's military force . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometime earlier the weather had turned cold and it was snowing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Roots Of The Blues '' may not be for gentle souls , but others should welcome its super-charged impact . (Filtered Words: 0)
To my room ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Within an easy walk from Capitol Hill where Pennsylvania Avenue comes together with Constitution Avenue , begins a series of great federal buildings , some a block long and all about seven-stories high . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is mankind's wistful yearning for a world of justice and peace . (Filtered Words: 0)
In these cases a graduate may enter directly into an apprentice program , saving a year because of his vocational courses in grades 11 and 12 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was only fitting that we seek out whatever joy our union might bring . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Lithe and muscular , he had well-molded features , and his light color told of the European ancestors who had been intimate with the slave women of his family . (Filtered Words: 0)
Regardless of rights and wrongs , a population and an area appropriate to a pre-World-War- 1 great power have been , following conquest , ruled against their will by a neighboring people , and have had imposed upon them social and economic controls they dislike . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] had a list which she said contained about nine or ten discrepancies between her memory of Dr. [FILTERED]'s conversation and how they were written up for the board's approval . (Filtered Words: 2)
Therefore , detergents are used . (Filtered Words: 0)
Temperature symposium . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] group of 85 arrived at the Gallery at 6 p.m. , remaining for about 45 minutes . (Filtered Words: 1)
A little man with a `` a dark copper color '' skin , he was wearing `` calico trousers and a white cotton short gown '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The current monthly payroll comes to about $15,000,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] had a strong liking for a story , any story which was to be had by means of much sleuthing or by roundabout methods . (Filtered Words: 1)
When you and your dog step into the Junior ring , it should be just what the dog wants to do as much as what you want him to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] shrugged and ignored him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The values Af are the ordinary values at Af of a multi-valued function g{t} which has components corresponding to those of f{t} . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contrary to popular belief , they were not great technical innovators . (Filtered Words: 0)
At present it's available in one model , the fine and familiar Smith & Wesson Magnum revolver ( about $110 ) , long a top-quality handgun among target arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were the suffragettes and they wanted to vote . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would order her to bring coffee , and would take from his vest pocket a thin black pipe which he would stuff -- he would not remove his gloves -- and light and smoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were tools about but they were neatly kept . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The kid has no manners , boys . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vocational educators do not claim that school training alone makes skilled workers , but it provides the essential groundwork for developing skills . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hieronymus , like Piepsam , makes his protest quite in vain , and his rejection , though not fatal , is ridiculous and humiliating ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His widow started the circulation of petitions after [FILTERED] was reprimanded for violating the probation . (Filtered Words: 1)
In February , 1958 , the patient suffered a myocardial infarction complicated by pulmonary edema . (Filtered Words: 0)
It pointed out twenty-six instances of blasphemy in the letters , and ordered the writers to submit or force of arms would be used . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had all been laughing , joking , when suddenly the engine had failed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The international unit ( u. ) , adopted to make possible the comparison of results from different laboratories ( [FILTERED] and Perry , 1955 ) , has been defined as the amount of activity present in 13.5 mg of the International Standard Preparation . (Filtered Words: 1)
But our stumping tour of the south wasn't all misery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presently , Hardwicke-Etter employs 300-450 people , depending on the season of the year . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no idea where he was . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sheep fattening rations (Filtered Words: 0)
Meantime , however , this same General [FILTERED] seemed to be serving chivalry as well as the American army . (Filtered Words: 1)
for instance , imagine the situation if Israel ever joins an enemy coalition . (Filtered Words: 0)
What the new charter does (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Right . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a neat setup for murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
When we examine what each master says was his first collage we see that much the same thing happens in each . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- A series of high school assemblies to acquaint junior and senior students with the Junior Achievement program begins at St. Thomas Aquinas Monday . (Filtered Words: 0)
The major training need of a new industrial plant is a short period of pre-employment training for a large number of semi-skilled machine operators . (Filtered Words: 0)
Good workmanship is important in the installation , so if you're doing your own contracting , don't award the job on the basis of price alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is one in particular which , it seems to me , deserves special attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
1543 A.D. is often venerated as the birthday of the scientific revolution . (Filtered Words: 0)
And to see the meaning of this new picture , imagine that you can put on more powerful glasses and go back inside the atom and have a look at it in the way we view it today . (Filtered Words: 0)
The section is violated whether or not actual restraints or monopolies , or the substantial lessening of competition , have occurred or are intended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some historians have found his point of view not to their taste , others have complained that he makes the Tory tradition appear `` contemptible rather than intelligible '' , while a sympathetic critic has remarked that the `` intricate interplay of social dynamics and political activity of which , at times , politicians are the ignorant marionettes is not a field for the exercise of his talents '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The speaker pro tempore . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adjoining areas (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've got to have help '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pueri aquam de silvas ad agricolas portant , a delightful vignette set in the unforgettable epoch of pre-Punic War Rome . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1890 when the trip to Europe and the Holy Land was arranged for Miss Packard , it was Miss Upton who planned the trip , and `` with rare executive ability '' bore the brunt of `` the entire pilgrimage from beginning to end '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Numerous cooperating individuals in Great Britain , Holland , the United States , and Belgium have contributed editorially or by making calculations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The women have a reputation for giving parties that are different and are fun and this year's promises to follow in this fine tradition . (Filtered Words: 0)
We do not arrive at spatial images by means of the sense of touch by itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was past midnight and we were in bed when the phone rang . (Filtered Words: 0)
When this occurs , I make the change on the sketch or on the final watercolor -- if I have been working on a full sheet in the field . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll talk later . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is little doubt that the warning system saved lives and reduced the damage . (Filtered Words: 0)
He evidently earned the place assigned him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] sold 21 tractors in August ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` A stake-out , I suppose . (Filtered Words: 0)
The old ideal of the independent entrepreneur is extant -- but so is the recognition that the main chance may be in a corporate bureaucracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
his eyes were black and deep-set , and expressionless . (Filtered Words: 0)
if the succession is not of record , all documents relating to such succession , properly certified , are required . (Filtered Words: 0)
Big ones and little . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the World Series hero of the Pittsburgh Pirates , and [FILTERED] , the former manager of the Yankees . (Filtered Words: 2)
But Krim's complaint is important because not only in New York , but in other cities and in universities throughout this country , young and not , so young men at (Filtered Words: 0)
On chemical grounds it seems most likely that iodide is first converted to Af and then to Af as the active iodinating species . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today our surging strength is apparent to everyone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The would-be assassin had his position figured pretty close . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then I saw the father's head slightly turn ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , an apportionment , say , of $5,000,000 of the total costs to residential service as a class would include an allowance of perhaps 6 per cent as the cost of whatever capital is deemed to have been devoted to the service of the residential consumers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was ten minutes before eleven . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You are very tactful , do you know , Stephen '' , she remarked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Secretion (Filtered Words: 0)
St. John 12 , 13 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The undertaking has abundant promise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pohl received the verdict without visible emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
We prayed for John , during surgery , we asked others to pray ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Garden Fresh , the result of a mating of Better Self and Rosy Fingered , seems to improve with each start and appeared to win the St. Patrick's Day Purse with some speed in reserve . (Filtered Words: 0)
A House committee which heard his local option proposal is expected to give it a favorable report , although the resolution faces hard sledding later . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cooling coil is located in the furnace's outlet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel gave me a direct , bright-eyed look . (Filtered Words: 0)
Selecting a farm (Filtered Words: 0)
Georgia's mental health program received a badly needed boost from the General Assembly in the form of a $1,750,000 budget increase for the Milledgeville State Hospital . (Filtered Words: 0)
Estimates of the city's loss in the $344,000 job have ranged as high as $200,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purpose of this provision was thus explained in the Court's opinion : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
A shock wave from Africa (Filtered Words: 0)
But , as Scripture everywhere reminds us , God does have need of his creatures , and the church , a fortiori , can ill afford to do without the talents with which the world , by God's providence , presents it . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for [FILTERED] , the only thing Theresa could remember at the moment about him ( except his paper knife ) was that he had had exceptionally long hands and feet and one night about one o'clock in the morning the whole [FILTERED] family had been aroused to go next door at Cousin Emma's call -- first Papa , then Mother , then Theresa and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
A . (Filtered Words: 0)
The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who recently won the `` Most Muscular Man '' subdivision award in the Mr. [FILTERED] event ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
In clothes , [FILTERED] simply did not project . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the past few years the men , mostly husbands of members , have taken an interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not enough in accounting for this feeling to analyze it into the wickedness of individual people added together to produce a cumulative effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the advent of Sir [FILTERED] Doyle's [FILTERED] , the development of the modern private detective begins . (Filtered Words: 2)
Sure , Ticonderoga went broke in the low-priced market bucking the Big Three . (Filtered Words: 0)
I raised my eyes to look at her in the mirror . (Filtered Words: 0)
The shadow vanished . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no confusion and no litter . (Filtered Words: 0)
cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies , with State and local departments , agencies , and instrumentalities , and with interested persons , firms , institutions , and organizations . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' Then it was no bogey she had dreamed up ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of the corridor Alec noticed a door marked : Fire Stairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
A massive investigation of the characteristics of in-migrants and prospective out-migrants in Ruanda-Urundi is being carried on by [FILTERED] , former Director of the Social Science branch of IRSAC , now a professor at l'Universite Officielle Du Congo Belge et [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
This has been his first encounter with mankind , and , although he has now become a legendary figure in the popular European press , it leaves him profoundly dissatisfied . (Filtered Words: 0)
he had found his style quite early in his career and he thought it quite wonderful that the world admired it , and he could not imagine why he should alter it . (Filtered Words: 0)
You realize you are getting in the old fogy class . (Filtered Words: 0)
He walked with a heavy list to the right , as that leg was four inches shorter than the other , but the lurch did not reduce his feline quickness with his guns . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are left to choose between the two Lindemanns . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was deeply , horribly sure that [FILTERED] had filled it with opium . (Filtered Words: 1)
If we are born of God we love the brethren . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some new members will hesitate to ask questions audibly . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's inevitable in this case , for the couple will be separated for , at the least , forty years . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I stopped '' , responded the man , `` several times to look at beautiful sceneries '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cyclist , a sufficiently commonplace young fellow , is not named but identified simply as `` Life '' -- that and a license number , which Piepsam uses in addressing him . (Filtered Words: 0)
All tourists come to Florida . (Filtered Words: 0)
Customers often bring their children ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When the house was about half consumed , his comrade ran to the door and threw up his hands , declaring repeatedly that he did not know the whereabouts of Manuel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its synthesis has not been demonstrated in cell-free systems , nor has its synthesis by systems with intact thyroid cells in vitro been unequivocally proven . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , none of these papers says much directly about field techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , superintendent ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] passed through it and moved toward the dark mass of horses . (Filtered Words: 1)
More temperately than in the study of [FILTERED] and despite his Liberal bias , [FILTERED] vividly sketches the England of pre-French Revolution days , portrays the stresses and strains of the revolutionary period in rich colors , and brings developments leading to the Reform Bill into sharp and clear focus . (Filtered Words: 2)
A struggle that is being waged all over the world in the half-light of disinterest . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) Auditors were encouraged . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a problem that goes considerably beyond questions of salary and tenure . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s potential followers were openly sullen and morose , missing muster without excuse , expressing in ominous tones their displeasure at the prisoners being kept in irons , communicating with the three by glance and signal . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] had two broods that averaged 27 inches . (Filtered Words: 1)
Water from the snow and water from the towels had run off the kid to the table where the dough was , and the dough was turning pasty , sticking to the kid's back and behind . (Filtered Words: 0)
the more extensive and firm the body of doctrine , the firmer the group . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may have misgivings about certain aspects of our military establishment -- I certainly do -- but you know any comparison of over-all American strength with over-all Soviet strength finds the United States not only superior , but so superior both in present weapons and in the development of new ones that our advantage promises to be a permanent feature of U.S.-Soviet relations for the foreseeable future . (Filtered Words: 0)
Monogamy is the vice from which the abjectly fearful middle class continue to suffer , whereas the beatnik has the courage to break out of that prison of respectability . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is also seen that Af , since the change from Af to Af is accomplished by a continuous translation . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a marked tendency for religions , once firmly established , to resist change , not only in their own doctrines and policies and practices , but also in secular affairs having religious relevance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Look '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
For every person on Taiwan , there are sixty in Mainland China . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously [FILTERED]'s early years were influenced by his close friend [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Boun My -- the name means one who has a boun , a celebration , and is therefore lucky -- was born in Savannakhet , the Border of Paradise . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Say , did you know they're fixing to have a two-day antelope season on the Double J '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The first systematic thinking about this [FILTERED]'s box within [FILTERED]'s boxes was done four years ago by [FILTERED] , a frail , meek-mannered Swiss-born sociologist . (Filtered Words: 2)
This time he delayed so long that some of the engages shouted frantically , but they held their fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not since last night . (Filtered Words: 0)
New Yorkers were kept informed of scores by reporters who telegraphed fifteen to twenty thousand words daily to the metropolitan newspapers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is true of the rhythmic pattern in which the beat shifts continuously , or at least is continuously sprung , so that it becomes ambiguous enough to allow the pattern to be dominated by the long pulsations of the phrase or strophe . (Filtered Words: 0)
The DRDW statement may be used for this purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shall we therefore oppose the plan ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Still [FILTERED] will do a reasonably good job , so that an animal with a full pollen load looks like a gay little piece of yellow down floating in the wind . (Filtered Words: 1)
Today the yearly import into the United States of locust bean gum is more than 15 million pounds ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` One , modern equipment -- much of it supplied under the Marshall Plan -- enables Fiat to turn out 2,100 cars a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All that junk '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the concern of the Department of State that the American people are safe and secure -- defense is not a monopoly concern of the Department of Defense . (Filtered Words: 0)
The brother and sister seemed to be a sort of mutual-aid society , a little fortress of kindness for each other in a hard world . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Cousin Lura '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s interests . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yes '' , the German said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only one worth a shit , and that's Brandon . (Filtered Words: 0)
His interpretation of the beginning on the basis of the end prompts him to draw these parallels between [FILTERED] and the Virgin Mary . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was torn between the excitement in the sun-inflamed waters and a little engine chugging northward on the Monticello Branch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another problem is who will pay for the training . (Filtered Words: 0)
for it prepares the way for the passage from life through death to life that is achieved in Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
For style and assurance , for a supreme and regal bearing there is still no one who can touch her . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's okay . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was like the cap in the hospital , only a thousand times better . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , she consulted medical authorities and learned that the devices her quack `` doctor '' was using were phony . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought again of her children , those two who had died young , before the later science which might have saved them could attach even a label to their separate malignancies . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the record buyer's tastes are somewhat eclectic or even the slightest bit esoteric , he will find them satisfied on educational records . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because they were new men and to be sure that they didn't get lost , Prevot had placed Warren and [FILTERED] in the center of the patrol as it filed out . (Filtered Words: 1)
He never could keep still , even when he didn't move his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor [FILTERED] wrote : `` (Filtered Words: 1)
The mouth was thin-lipped and wide , the long cleft in the upper lip like a slide . (Filtered Words: 0)
The real Franco-German frontier was beyond the town's limits . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , `` Why can't I call my home ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Fear and relief mingled in his churning emotions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The system well understands that one of its primary responsibilities is to bring children and books together ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She wanted to go around the world , but she settled for a French holiday . (Filtered Words: 0)
The water splashes into shoulder-high tracts of fernery . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who's there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Seemingly , with an unrestricted flow of ideas , all will be well , and we are even assured that `` an idea a day will keep the sheriff away '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In response to your letter , I can in good conscience recommend my son , David , in the field of leadership '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was a clever girl , a most efficient secretary . (Filtered Words: 0)
With greater precision he again paced off a location , this time a little more to the left . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where the pool excels is in its compilation of maintenance and cost-data studies and analyses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just a big pile of self-confidence in an almost teensy package . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] criticized (Filtered Words: 1)
If you plan to add cooling later to your heating system , there are things to watch for . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Beyond the aesthetic and technical aspects of this expansion we must consider the change in pottery style on broader lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside , in the summertime fields behind the motel , a thousand crickets serenaded us . (Filtered Words: 0)
and Alsatians may be . (Filtered Words: 0)
He side-stepped her blow and she fell , stumbling against the gelding . (Filtered Words: 0)
We didn't expect him to come along ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll take you there . (Filtered Words: 0)
In view of these difficulties , Palfrey decided to go to Louisiana . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's a fine granite quarry there , and granite's coming back for public buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
He will then appoint the study committee with Mr. [FILTERED]'s cooperation , the governor said . (Filtered Words: 1)
The eyes followed him fearfully . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was [FILTERED] , the fille de chambre , come to clean the room , and while she stood before him with ears pricked up and regard all curiosity , explaining her errand , [FILTERED] could see from the corner of his eye the doctor doing all he could to calm the displeased bird . (Filtered Words: 2)
They look after their fields and children and water buffaloes in ten or eleven thousand villages , with an average of 200 souls . (Filtered Words: 0)
The school year does not end for any student until he has completed his last examination of the semester . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the girl students , sitting by while I ate the thick soup , asked me if I had a sleeping bag . (Filtered Words: 0)
On that cold , but bright , April day we were guests of your government in the reviewing stand of Red Square to witness the poeple's celebration for [FILTERED] and later on that day we attended the somewhat more exclusive reception for him in one of the impressive palaces of the Kremlin . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some areas may provide archeological values such as ancient Indian village sites or hunting areas , caves , artifacts , etcetera . (Filtered Words: 0)
A professor and the army (Filtered Words: 0)
List the kind and quantity of things the farm can be expected to produce in an average year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington ( AP ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been carrying an Enfield rifle and a holstered navy cap-and-ball pistol . (Filtered Words: 0)
The remarks she made about the sufferings of a lonely woman seemed so broad at first that he didn't know what to make of them , but after the sixth drink he put his arm around her and suggested that they go upstairs and look for her checkbook there . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is Eromonga -- look hard , you can see with your naked eye the wooden scaffolding on the cliff '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those modern scholars who urge that we must keep in mind the fundamental continuity of Aegean development from earliest times -- granted occasional irruptions of peoples and ideas from outside -- are correct ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Dependent upon it were posts on the lower Mississippi and the region westward to the frontiers of New Spain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The foregoing remarks imply that the hypothalamic balance plays a crucial role at the crossroads between physiological and pathological forms of emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fluidity and momentum of the young industry abetted a general disregard of patent claims . (Filtered Words: 0)
as I understand it , Mr. [FILTERED] wanted outside advice . (Filtered Words: 1)
heat thoroughly . (Filtered Words: 0)
A slow and painful trend toward unification has taken hold , a trend which may at any time be arrested and reversed but which may also lead to a binding federation of Europe . (Filtered Words: 0)
the internal organization rarely has any chronological order , except in obvious groups like the `` Poems of Pilgrimage '' , the `` Poems of 1912 - 13 '' , and the war poems . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sweep of space , the delicate counterbalance of the white masses , the over-all completeness and unity , the originality and imagination , all entitle it to be called an authentic masterpiece . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't push it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
indirect method . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reproducibilities of helium vapor-pressure thermometers have been investigated in conjunction with a `` constant temperature '' liquid helium bath from 4.2 to 1.8 Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sets of weights are provided so that the load can be selected in the range of 1/2 to 4 pounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course it had always been of European origin in fact , but it had maintained a universal outlook under the natural law theory . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] knew -- (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet after long and earnest discussion [FILTERED] accepted [FILTERED] and even agreed voluntarily that there should be digressions from that line of five to eight kilometers in favor of Poland in some regions . (Filtered Words: 2)
Immediately add water at 100 - 105-degrees-F ( 38 - 43*0C. ) to the wheel to a level of Af inches ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content -- the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian . (Filtered Words: 0)
In defining personal property , it specifically mentions `` all ships or vessels , at home or abroad '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here no attempt is made , first to determine out-of-pocket or marginal costs and then to superimpose on these costs `` reasonably distributed '' residues of total costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was heard again in Philadelphia in 1927 in the first version of `` Strike Up The Band '' and again abandoned shortly before the entire show was given up . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one now-historic first interview , for example , the transcript ( reproduced from the book , The First Five Minutes ) goes like this : The therapist's level tone is bland and neutral -- he has , for example , avoided stressing `` you '' , which would imply disapproval ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And thus torn between his desire to be known as the composer of a successful opera and the necessity of remaining true to his proclaimed desire for anonymity , [FILTERED] suffered through several painful weeks . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the apartment itself , all was still . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of which brings up another problem in the use of psychoanalytic insight in a literary work . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is nothing holy in wedlock . (Filtered Words: 0)
The variations are not too great . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hear the boot of [FILTERED] , I see his filthy face '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
`` All right '' , Pam said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Resolved that his wrongs and bereavements in Kansas , occasioned by the violence and brutality of those who were intent on the propagation of slavery in that territory , call for a charitable judgment upon his recent efforts in Virginia to undermine the despotism from which he had suffered , and commend his family to the special sympathy and aid of all who pity suffering and reverence justice . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was crazy about her all over again . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same moment Wheeler Fiske fired the rifle [FILTERED] had given him and another guerrilla was hit . (Filtered Words: 1)
He rose and went to the bedroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second grand prize of $5,000 went to Mrs. [FILTERED] for her Hawaiian coffee ring , a rich yeast bread with coconut filling and vanilla glaze . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'm not leaving in the morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contraction of muscle (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Kawecki Chemical gained 2-1/2 each . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then he called on the governor to explain why . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carvey believes that reapportionment , which left many Democratic clubs split by these new district boundaries , actually will increase CDC membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the hope was gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
A nude imaginary picture of [FILTERED] flashed across [FILTERED]'s mind . (Filtered Words: 2)
With intelligence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wow . (Filtered Words: 0)
And there was still not anything that [FILTERED] could do . (Filtered Words: 1)
He beat the air with his stick , and it fell from his claws and clattered on the stones . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the only sense in which badness is involved at all , whatever was bad in the first case is still present in its entirety , since all that is expressed in either case is a state of feeling , and that feeling is still there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two Governments will , upon the request of either of them , consult regarding any matter relating to the application of this Agreement or to the operation of arrangements carried out pursuant to this Agreement . (Filtered Words: 0)
No suburban shopping-center branch -- not even [FILTERED]'s vast Northland outside Detroit -- does anything like the unit volume of business or carries anything like the variety of merchandise to be found in the home store . (Filtered Words: 1)
the long runs on the kick-offs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
These include low-temperature ethanol ( Cohn ) fractionation , electrophoresis , ultracentrifugation and column chromatography on ion exchange celluloses . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thereby precipitated a bitter controversy involving Protestants , Jews and Roman Catholics that continued for two months , until the city's Board of Hospitals lifted the ban on birth-control therapy . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the New York Times : (Filtered Words: 0)
Should I bring along a corsage or send one to her ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You mean you're all alone , Mr. [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You don't understand '' , [FILTERED] said gloomily . (Filtered Words: 1)
While they were told that there were some normal people who reacted differently than they had , they were also informed that there were other normals who reacted as they had . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What did you do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
However , I am recommending that development work on the B-70 air-frame and engines be continued . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , before the court ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I ask you all to support me in this . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , abandoning the studies in the face of their promising outlook for all concerned , B. & O. entered on-again-off-again negotiations with C. & O. which resulted in the present situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The people who told the stories were sincere . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's cheaper to buy Wall-Tex and cover your outdoor table . (Filtered Words: 0)
His bandages seemed on fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What else would I mean , anyways '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She screamed , and both women ran up to the house , and I followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President cannot personally remove the safety devices from every nuclear trigger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan was ordered to attack the enemy , who had meantime moved to Edge Hill on the left of the Americans . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Mahzeer would direct the prime minister's attention to something out the window and would guide him forward and then step to one side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deppy is [FILTERED] , a long-time member of the Vogue staff who , although born in Boston , was born there of Greek parents . (Filtered Words: 1)
This lofty disregard for others was not shared by such men as [FILTERED] and his associates , that `` brilliant group of mediocre men '' , as Powicke calls them , who provided the brains for the French embassy that came to Rome under the nominal leadership of the archbishop of Narbonne , the duke of [FILTERED] , and the count of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` I'm still a soldier in a very small way , Styka '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cattle were said to be `` potted '' when `` blizzard choked '' , that is , caught in a corner or a draw , or against a `` drift fence '' durin' a storm . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it descends , the concentration of radioactivity builds up in the human body ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew of but one test and I threw it out to her for what it was worth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Survivors are his widow , Alice ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
refusal to adjudicate is another . (Filtered Words: 0)
It made him human . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is endless . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oersted's boyhood represented a minimal chance of either attaining greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
They might , for example , plot it exactly as is , or they might make ten day moving averages of it , or longer moving averages , or they might simply plot the ratio of odd-lot purchases to odd-lot sales . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Bake cursed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither Mantle nor [FILTERED] , understandably , will predict 60 home runs for himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
There's water in the house '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This operation would permit evaluation of the pilot plant , with a slowly increasing load , over a reasonable period of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was swimming over at the Riverside Hotel , but his skin was so white he looked like the bottom of a frog . (Filtered Words: 0)
As I say , I wouldn't want to begin a day like this , but I often wonder what the dead would have done . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the rate of projection ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But nevertheless it looked respectable . (Filtered Words: 0)
it troubled him that he couldn't always see what Papa saw . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inspector declined . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those little children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe suicide , if it looks reasonable . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] introduced him into several Roman homes . (Filtered Words: 1)
The buildings are mostly Georgian . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as in the case of every prodigy child , we must watch for the efficacy of my teaching to show up in the future -- if he should master all the strenuous exercises I inflicted on him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sitting in the kitchen I recalled every word Mrs. [FILTERED] said that could have been a sign to me . (Filtered Words: 1)
Open market policy (Filtered Words: 0)
two others he ruled out because all their windows were lighted . (Filtered Words: 0)
How , he wondered , does one enjoy one's spare time ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
At the other extreme in character was the half-hour excerpt from the Petipa-Minkus ballet `` Bayaderka '' , which opened the evening . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Seven Founders were completely dedicated to the public service . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually this is a thin band of wire attached to the molars and stretching across the teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the colder climes , for instance , you will have to live through the many unglamorous winter months when your pool will hardly look its best . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were some sweet machines other than women : an old Bugatti , a lean [FILTERED] coachwork on an American chassis , a Swallow , a type A40-AjK Mercedes and lots more . (Filtered Words: 1)
It's not about you or [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sometimes it is not a verbal stereotype -- a `` How are you now '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The February 1960 issue marked the reinstitution of the section entitled , `` The Medical Officer Writes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Funds allotted in addition to their minimum allotment are apportioned to the two agencies as they may determine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Concrete blocks are passed between the beams and put on the boards . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You and [FILTERED] get her over to Rose's before it gets too light . (Filtered Words: 1)
My cousin Alma , at whose home I was staying during the convention , introduced me to a group of young people from Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
My movement did frighten the snake and it raised its head and trailed delicately a couple of feet and stopped again , and its tongue was working very rapidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just wait till she saw the Mare's foal . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was nearly completed May 23 , 1901 with a promise of lights by June 10 , but the first light did not go on until September 28 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consequently , both the rake angle of the knife as well as the friction occurring between the back of the removed coating and the front of the knife will determine in large part the detailed mechanism of the cutting removal process . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] gave the slow movement some of the quality of a [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
All we want from Dr. [FILTERED]'s statement is the feeling that this is an open world , in the view of the best scientific opinion , with practically no directional commitments as to what may happen next , and no important confinements with respect to what may be possible . (Filtered Words: 1)
His lips felt glued together . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is a dignity and even a hint of the inspired prophet in his words to one correspondent : `` You ask what I am going to ' reply ' to Bradley . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sun moved slant-wise across the sky and down ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is a defensive coach . (Filtered Words: 1)
When I pressed for a purely religious definition , I encountered the familiar blend of liberal piety , interfaith good will , and a small residue of ethnic loyalty . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll switch on the floods '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man stuck the nozzle in the gas tank . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] accounted for three of the Tribe's eight hits . (Filtered Words: 1)
Abel ignored the half-expressed bid for confirmation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their gait is impossible to convey in words . (Filtered Words: 0)
the weather had turned wet and cold . (Filtered Words: 0)
No airplanes , no [FILTERED] statements . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I don't hear the music . (Filtered Words: 0)
the head dropped off ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The only available field that could be used near flood-ravaged Montpelier was on the Towne farm off upper Main Street , a narrow hillside where takeoffs and landings could be safely made only under light wind conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sherman had accomplished this much of his job and then inexplicably nullified it by his thirty-mile retreat from [FILTERED]'s to Atlanta . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` This was the coolest , calmest election I ever saw '' , Colquitt Policeman [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Would he meet him in Baltimore in Drawing Room A , Car Three on the train leaving Washington at nine o'clock next morning ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Every eye was on him as he began to speak . (Filtered Words: 0)
We cannot consider ourselves educated if we do not read ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Twice he nearly fell . (Filtered Words: 0)
The week after Manassas the sound of horses in the yard brought [FILTERED] up in shock from an afternoon's rest when she saw the Federal soldiers from her upstairs window . (Filtered Words: 1)
Taking into account Thompson's capacity for self-dramatization and the possibility of a wish to identify his own life with the misfortunes of other poets who had known unhappy loves , there can be no doubt about his genuine emotion for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Haney managed a weak laugh . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Health Amendment Act of 1956 added $5 million for practical nurse training . (Filtered Words: 0)
These antibody titers were determined by reaction with homozygous Af red cells . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the national interest even the affluent universities must consider some division of labor among them to replace their present ambitions to keep up with the Joneses in all branches . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is an individualist but not an anarchist ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In stating this position , we should like to make it clear to you that we cannot expect artists and intellectuals in other lands to share our opinion in every respect . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] went on with her house work -- until I found Julia dead . (Filtered Words: 1)
At [FILTERED] house , I had dined with [FILTERED] , the nonogenarian rationalist and the charming scholar who had a great popular success with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` That'll be a pleasure to see '' , the big black murmured as he stared down the barrel of his rifle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make creamer the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
Avoid attic placement directly above a bedroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Properties : (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten others made no reply . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where we end our journey is always the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dominant stress is on her luggage both in that's her luggage , where her luggage is the complement , and in there's her luggage , where it is the subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
The symptoms Saturday night were unmistakable . (Filtered Words: 0)
She lay there , making no effort to get back on her feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was flat , definite . (Filtered Words: 0)
a Pouilly-Fuisse or a Chablis somewhat less cold . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was foolish of him to keep them , whatever they were . (Filtered Words: 0)
Good-bye . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- His miracles (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the member of an industrial union comes to regard his officers as business agents who may proceed without interference or recall ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably , in the immediate future , we will have to settle for middle-range efforts that fall short of utopian models . (Filtered Words: 0)
Members of The Algol staff are nominated by the editor and business manager and appointed by the Publications Board . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vernon kept an account book with a list of all the establishments that he thought worthy of patronage . (Filtered Words: 0)
She softly let herself into the bed , and took her regular side , away from the door , where she slept better because [FILTERED] was between her and the invader . (Filtered Words: 1)
As things stand now , the local and the ecumenical tend to compete with each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
What she'd said was true -- in all these years , she'd never asked for anything from me . (Filtered Words: 0)
A skilled worker on the assembly line , for example , earns $37 a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] rheumatic condition worsened with the increase of the cold and damp weather . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fuming , helpless , he watched them pass him . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] then moved [FILTERED] across with a line drive to left . (Filtered Words: 2)
Calenda was not the sort who walked around without one of his `` boys '' close at hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had swished away , she had been gone for a long time probably when [FILTERED] suddenly realized that she ought to stop her , pour out the coffee , so no one would drink it . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , the Journal-American sports columnist ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The other , of course , was the Civil War , the conflict which a century ago insured national unity over fragmentation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arriving at daybreak , they found [FILTERED] in his corral and demanded that he surrender . (Filtered Words: 1)
We want to know when the [FILTERED] telephone exactly how many they are planning to bring , so that we won't end up with a splashing mob that looks like Coney Island in August . (Filtered Words: 1)
for Mother to be able to call , [FILTERED] must be napping now , surrounded by her multitude of dolls . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is an ethical demand which cannot be evaded or glossed over by talking exclusively of weapon superiority or even of the evil of Communism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Promptly their livestock was taken and according to [FILTERED] the soldiers were ordered to knock down anyone who should utter a word of insolence , and run through anyone who might step out of line . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It's worse inside '' , Thornburg informed [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on someone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most brilliant displays are along the Skyline Drive above Virginia's Shenandoah Valley and throughout the Great Smokies between North Carolina and Tennessee . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first diatomic hydride investigated by the paramagnetic resonance method was the OH radical . (Filtered Words: 0)
A great deal . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's water in the house '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Expecting something more-than-average wacky , I was surprised by what we found . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was Papa's chosen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Roberta glanced at him and stopped trembling . (Filtered Words: 0)
They saw it before I did , even with my binoculars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our necks are stiff from gazing at the wonders of outer space , which have captured the imagination of the American public . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gambling is everywhere , especially among students . (Filtered Words: 0)
Automobile practices in other states . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vehicle purchase , assignment and use policies . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said that when he was a Socialist in 1910 , the party called for government operation of all utilities and the pooling of all resources . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now maybe they'd realize that life can be tough . (Filtered Words: 0)
I marry this man and woman together . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today's trend toward furniture designs from America's past is teaching home-owners and decorators a renewed respect for the shrewd cabinetmakers of our Colonial era . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dolores smiled ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Serving on the club's board are [FILTERED] , president ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Interviewing , checking references , training the salesmen , having them go with more experienced salesmen was expensive -- and the rate of attrition due to resignations or unsatisfactory performance was too high . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sturley wrote to [FILTERED] that Sir [FILTERED] `` gave his allowance and liking thereof , and affied unto us his best endeavour , so that his rights be preserved '' , and that `` Sir [FILTERED] saith we shall not be at any fault for money for prosecuting the cause , for himself will procure it and lay it down for us for the time '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
A voice pleaded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Haney peered doubtfully at his drinking companion through bleary , tear-filled eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel faced me . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , `` Good boy . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was even more miserable than me . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can lead you to every one of the bodies , and there ain't four , nor five , nor six of 'em -- there's seven ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Trevelyan contributed considerable new knowledge of the issues connected with his subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to these activities , the NAEBM , with headquarters at 420 Lexington Avenue , New York City , as well as other associations and individual manufacturers , provide and distribute films , booklets , and public services in regard to proper boat handling and safety afloat . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had winged over the Adriatic , they had taken [FILTERED] by complete surprise and now they were battering her , attacking with deadly skill . (Filtered Words: 1)
Don't forget to buy a plastic pastry brush for basting with sauces . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is common to shift back and forth , working up through a number of supervisory and individual-contributor positions . (Filtered Words: 0)
This understanding provides a very simple example of the fact that one can eliminate fear without instituting any controls . (Filtered Words: 0)
To guard against the tyranny of a numerical majority , Calhoun developed his theory of `` concurrent majority '' , which , he said , `` by giving to each portion of the community which may be unequally affected by the action of government , a negative on the others , prevents all partial or local legislation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and whether intentional or not , the outcome would be disastrous . (Filtered Words: 0)
I stalled him off . (Filtered Words: 0)
The main set of bars are the `` tappets '' and one tappet is connected to each lever . (Filtered Words: 0)
what they feared most was war or political instability in their own country . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Baby , I saw a lot of old friends I hadn't seen in a long time '' , he told me , his eyes bright . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a knight of the Round Table , `` Sir Quintus the Brave '' , slaying evil spirits and banshees and vampires and witches with warty noses . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the only case in modern history of a people of Britannic origin submitting without continued struggle to what they view as foreign domination . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you audited your program recently to weed out those phases that draw least participation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He supposed the military world would approve of his accomplishment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latest death reported was that of 4-year-old Claude [FILTERED] of Calvary . (Filtered Words: 1)
The social security payroll tax is now 6 per cent -- 3 per cent on each worker and employer -- on the first $4,800 of pay per year . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] took out a pencil , admired the point , and wrote slowly and heavily , `` Clothes Stand '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
College publications (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] remained in trance ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Caucusing , the liberals decided to go after Colmer , which actually was the more drastic course , since seniority in the House is next to godliness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Department stores were built on dry goods , especially ladies' fashions , and in this area , in the long run , the suburban branches will be hard put to compete against downtown . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alfredo certainly must have enjoyed being alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED]'s propeller flew off in pieces . (Filtered Words: 1)
( Mark 36 , 37 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the letter which would or would not enroll his son , David , in Hanford . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within the narrow frame of military tactics , too , the experts agree that the campaign was brilliant . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the $40,000,000 budget that has been submitted for Congressional approval , $26,000,000 would be spent through universities and private voluntary agencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then one day , early in January , 1960 , I sat down at my desk , and suddenly I was aware of the crucifix . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least I had been unable to lay hold on the experience of conversion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've been cooped up so long '' , he added . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the budget goes to trustees for approval it is the president's budget , to which his faith and credit are committed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I read it , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were right . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dark pigments of the early work were superseded by a brighter palette . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said Mrs. [FILTERED] and her husband also will be questioned about a series of 15 Portland robberies in spring of 1959 in which the holdup men bound their victims with tape before fleeing . (Filtered Words: 2)
The initial availability of index words and electronic switches is determined by a table which is included in the Compiler Systems Tape . (Filtered Words: 0)
among them , she had to prepare the guest room . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could have been anyone's infant , for it had not survived the bassinet . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' thick and 1'' '' dia. fitted on a 1/8'' '' dia. mandrel . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Washington state supreme court ruled that the state's occupation tax applied to sales , made at cost to an oil company , by a wholly-owned subsidiary set up to purchase certain supplies without divulging the identity of the parent . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was nice to have something a little up-to-date for a change . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vicksburg , Mississippi ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet that had not seriously troubled him , not then . (Filtered Words: 0)
I cannot imagine a single scene that isn't done in a far naughtier manner on TV every week . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
she let the interpretation stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Swadesh in short was trying to develop a basic list that was universal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The prevailing view in the industry was summed up in 1912 by a group of auto makers who told a Senate committee : `` The exceedingly unsatisfactory and uselessly expensive conditions , including delays surrounding legal disputes , particularly in patent litigation , are items of industrial burden which must be written large in figures of many millions of dollars of industrial waste '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Demonstrating the primitive African rhythmic backgrounds of the [FILTERED] was [FILTERED] , who plays such native drums as the konga and even does a resounding job slapping his own chest . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Of course '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any event it is a form of borrowing which could be and should be rendered unnecessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
From then on , in keeping with the traditions they had followed since childhood , the whole group settled down to relish their food . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were going to town , and they were both excited . (Filtered Words: 0)
This must be stressed because it is absolutely essential to the argument of this concluding chapter . (Filtered Words: 0)
But '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Garth brought one out . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is this something ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Kansas Turnpike offers an illustration . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's a lot of hard-earned money to lose '' , he says today . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` By fall they'll be back in school '' , I'd say , trying to sound encouraging . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our plan is to keep abreast of these advances , and select for development those fields which seem most promising for our special capabilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
At a ceremony in the reception room of Mayor [FILTERED] , the Eagles were honored for winning the championship . (Filtered Words: 1)
The greatest team of this period was unquestionably the New York Yankees , bought by brewery millions and made into a ball club by men named [FILTERED] and Miller Huggins . (Filtered Words: 1)
If you mail A return or tax payment , you must place it in the mails in ample time to reach the district director on or before the due date . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , our way of dealing directly with natural phenomena has also changed . (Filtered Words: 0)
While I was sitting at one of the rewrite telephones with my derby and my great beard , Arthur Brisbane whizzed in with some editorial copy in his hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
I learned , for example , that he made a practice of yapping at dogs he encountered and , in winter , of sprinkling salt on the icy pavement to scarify their feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt it would be inopportune to disclose my presence . (Filtered Words: 0)
or even old [FILTERED] , whose excellent 71 made one wonder if he had solved the geriatric aspects of golf . (Filtered Words: 1)
Left alone while her husband was miles away in the city , the modern wife assumed more and more duties normally reserved for the male . (Filtered Words: 0)
But let's not talk about it abstractly until we're out of here . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
This same preoccupation with missiles at the expense of aircraft has resulted in our half-hearted effort to develop nuclear propulsion for aircraft . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the Journal-American sports columnist ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
And his belief is not to his discredit . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Your dad sounds like a good father and a good policeman . (Filtered Words: 0)
I stood at the bedside of my patient one day and beheld a very sick man in terrible pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
for Mother to be able to call , [FILTERED] must be napping now , surrounded by her multitude of dolls . (Filtered Words: 1)
Having opened the windows onto the terrace , lit the fire , translated the motto , [FILTERED] grinned and took down a little triplet of books bound together in old calfskin . (Filtered Words: 1)
And yet amid all the gay hedonism in [FILTERED] And Wander-Years is a cycle of short poems , `` Thoughts In Loneliness '' , filled with brooding , melancholy , and sombre longing '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The doctors had suggested Scotty remain most of every afternoon in bed until he was stronger . (Filtered Words: 0)
that their remote past is as discontinuous with their present selves , as lacking in any conscious likeness to their mature personality , as the self of a butterfly may be imagined discontinuous with that of the caterpillar it once was . (Filtered Words: 0)
On playing some typical situations before a jury of his peers he showed some characteristics rated as unsatisfactory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its figures are a half inch high and very easy to read , even into tenth gallons . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the door [FILTERED] managed to persuade the increasingly astonished fille de chambre to return in ten minutes . (Filtered Words: 1)
All the more reason why there should have been no place for the frills ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter what style your home is , ranch , two-story , Colonial or contemporary , central air conditioning is easily installed . (Filtered Words: 0)
but she found the path she always used , the stubs of branches she had broken , those she had pushed aside ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , 1600 Pennsylvania , the White House , is the most famous address of the free world . (Filtered Words: 0)
With Britain looking inward , overseas problems were neglected and the baton was passed on to the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
To stop bleeding , cobwebs were applied to cuts and wounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , I was a little bit confused . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Af is vastly larger than R . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
as a complex it fits into the whole social organization and functions dominantly in every part of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a fellow of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers , and a senior member of the Institute of Radio Engineers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , we're taking a little vacation , that's all '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contrast trim provides other touches of color . (Filtered Words: 0)
She clung to him , talking to him , and dabbing at her eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you hungry '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She finally settled in Fall River and , after being employed for a time by a Mrs. [FILTERED] , was hired by the Bordens . (Filtered Words: 1)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Change in pitchers . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the moment of the occupation [FILTERED] became a focal point . (Filtered Words: 1)
These assumptions lead to an organization with one man at the top , six directly under him , six under each of these , and so on until there are six levels of personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's only his opinion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The legation was generously set back from the building line ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The maximum loan which SBA may make to any one borrower is $350,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
We observe first that no line , l , can meet its image except at one of its intersections with Q . (Filtered Words: 0)
For it was neglected , not to say nascent , when the struggle began . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were always denied . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mann understood better than most men the incest comedy at the center of the myth and the psychological truth in which dread is shown as the other face as longing was for him just the kind of deep and complicated joke he liked to tell . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said nothing until Pietro had slackened their pace . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A thousand pardons '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
What is not so well known , however , and what is quite important for understanding the issues of this early quarrel , is the kind of attack on literature that [FILTERED] was answering . (Filtered Words: 1)
A nation such as Switzerland could be neutralized by agreement and could be relied upon to protect its neutrality ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As the threat of encroachment on the system increases , the `` probability of applied boundary maintenance mechanisms increases '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
How explicit such factors have been historically is evident in any chronology of restrictive covenant cases or in a review of NAREB's Code of Ethics Article 34 in the Code , adopted in 1924 , states that `` a Realtor should never be instrumental in introducing into a neighborhood a character of property or occupancy , members of any race or nationality or any individuals whose presence will clearly be detrimental to property values in that neighborhood '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aligning all the teeth may take a year or more . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were clumsy , but they were beginning to catch on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many other ( probably nearly all ) snakes at maturity are already more than half their final length . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe he should have kept in touch . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] who guides circulation ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
To have her underclothes linked with his on the floor would draw her visibly into a struggle both bitter and absurd . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he snatched it up the voice that came to him was quick and urgent . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a number of years Kentucky , Louisiana and several other states have been building state-sponsored vocational education schools that serve nearby school districts in several counties . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hustle '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
From the brightness of the F component of the solar corona and the brightness of the zodiacal light , an estimate of the particle sizes , concentrations , and spatial distribution can be derived for regions of space near the ecliptic plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
I heard a cry from a stoker as a pillar of flame leaped from a hatch and tongued the man's bare back . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , we can encourage responsibility by establishing as conditions for assistance on a substantial and sustained scale the definition of objectives and the assessment of costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
for the developments in these areas make sense only if they are connected to the age of revolution itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
But while the corporation has all the disadvantages of the socialist form of organization ( so cumbersome it cannot constructively do much of anything not compatible with its need to perpetuate itself and maintain its status quo ) , unluckily it does not have the desirable aspect of socialism , the motivation to operate for the benefit of society as a whole . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the ussr existed as the revolutionary experiment in radical socialism , the ultimate exemplar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not until long after the war -- 1950 , in fact -- did they get a hint of the reason . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Indian was jabbing another bottle toward [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
That and her death . (Filtered Words: 0)
that they can give up their control and allow themselves to be reactors rather than actors . (Filtered Words: 0)
And like this English master , Mason realizes his subjects in large , simplified masses which , though they seem effortless , are in reality the result of skilled design born of hard work and a thorough distillation of the natural form that inspired them . (Filtered Words: 0)
This weakness is not unique to labor surplus areas , for it is inherent in the system of local school districts in this country . (Filtered Words: 0)
and ( 2 ) such other special funds as may , in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury , be required each to be a claims fund to be known by the name of the foreign government which has entered into a settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection ( A ) of Section 4 of this Title . (Filtered Words: 0)
While he was at it , the philosopher of the Kremlin contributed an additional assist to the rule of reason by bellowing at those in the west who can't appreciate coexistence thru suicide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Changeable letters fill many needs (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of long experience I have found that incidental figures and other objects like trees , logs , and bushes can be traced from the original sketch and moved about in the major areas on the final sheet until they occupy the right position , which I call clicking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Isn't that so '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But it did destroy the natural controls of a borer and released a new plague that wrecked a sugar cane crop '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeds of the sago palm are used in Bermuda to make heads and faces of dolls sold to tourists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately we were alone in the building -- so few people nowadays are interested even in their own past or in the lovely craft of other days -- for they began to abuse each other in the foulest language . (Filtered Words: 0)
They escorted him down from the porch and through the rain to his office . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ice caused the aerator to overload , straining the drive belts . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But I'll be fair now ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It raises the voice , bein in camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without monitoring , a military hookup becomes a noisy party . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great black leopards . (Filtered Words: 0)
She possessed an observant eye , a retentive memory , and a critical faculty . (Filtered Words: 0)
The kitchen was jammed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why won't you accept facts ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED]'s Commission on Higher Education tended to take a liberal , expansionist position , while President [FILTERED]'s Committee on Education Beyond the High School was slightly more conservative . (Filtered Words: 2)
and in the third place , it would cost a fortune to reproduce in the first place -- you've got six colors there including gold '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was , thus , an early and spectacular victim . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tampering with the Post Office may infuriate every voter who can write . (Filtered Words: 0)
The episode tended to confirm the U. S. belief that propaganda , the hope of one-sided concessions , and the chance to split the Allies , rather than genuine negotiation , were the Soviet leader's real aims in summitry . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tax bill will be up for reconsideration Wednesday in the House when the Legislature reconvenes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Trading was comparatively dull throughout the day . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mrs. [FILTERED] have any men friends '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
One of the warriors suddenly leaped to his feet and began running across the valley to the trees that lined the small creek . (Filtered Words: 0)
No attempt is made by Ptolemy to weld into a single scheme ( a-la-Aristotle ) , these independent predicting-machines . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` C'mon '' , he whispered ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And make sure it's out when you leave in the morning '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we have not thought and made a decision entirely in these terms , then we need to submit ourselves to the following `` simple test '' : `` Have we decided how we are to kill the other members of our household in the event of our being less injured than they are '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But nowhere ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
As he leads the Neurenschatz [FILTERED] , Schlek gives a tremendously inspired performance of both the Baslot and Rattzhenfuut concertos , including the controversial Tschilwyk cadenza , which was included at the conductor's insistence . (Filtered Words: 1)
For example , he cites the following data from two studies on job satisfaction : in the first study , 85 per cent of professionals and executives , 64 per cent of white collar people , and 41 per cent of factory workers expressed satisfaction with their jobs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Americans lost forty-four men , among them Major [FILTERED] of Morgan's regiment , an officer who was regarded with high esteem and affection , not only by his commander , but by Washington and [FILTERED] as well . (Filtered Words: 2)
This grew into the song `` Big Time Comin' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jones said he regretted Hughes had made a personal attack on a past president . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't bother . (Filtered Words: 0)
this moment are being bedazzled by half-digested ideas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cowbird Myra ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Professional responsibility is seen to consist largely in serving the wishes of the client fairly and in an efficient manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
after all , feelings of immortality and invulnerability are standard illusions of youth . (Filtered Words: 0)
There would have been a ceremony if it had been possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty regarded the ear and the grizzled hair around it with a moment of interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
instructive -- maybe ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Starts were down 20 percent from 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you would like to start your tour in Italy , where the rental fees are actually the lowest in Europe , [FILTERED] in all sizes are available , as are Alfa Romeo Giulietta models . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] crumbled the script in his fist . (Filtered Words: 1)
The fat man has trouble buying life insurance or has to pay higher premiums . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , at the same time Montgomery selects as his hero [FILTERED] , who is a militarist dominated by political ambitions . (Filtered Words: 1)
The COAHR letter comes on the eve of a large gathering of theater managers and owners scheduled to begin here Sunday . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were increasingly looked upon as a means of establishing the new rural communes as the focus of a new , constructive national effort . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who do have occasion to deal with the invasions in a more general way , like T.W. Shore and [FILTERED] , are on the side of a gradual and often peaceful Germanic penetration into Britain . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , clerk of the board , said that the appeals will be reviewed in December at the time the board is visiting new construction sites in the town for assessment purposes . (Filtered Words: 1)
There seemed to be a contemptuous purpose in the way he sat there with his eyes glued to Drexel Street and his back in opposition to the church behind him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The radio broadcasts themselves were often so patiently informative , despite the baseball jargon , that girls and women could begin to store up in their minds the same sort of random and meaningless statistics that small boys had long learned better than they ever did their lessons in school . (Filtered Words: 0)
And re-echo . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ceylon has moved from a pro-Western orientation to a neutralism openly hostile to the West . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nearly half the children still receive no education . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was oblivious of the form of the object actually being viewed , precisely because he could not assign it to a visual shape , already learned and held in visual memory , as persons of normal vision do . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ceiling stayed solid above them at about eight hundred feet , and at times the sheer cliffs seemed about to close in . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if you don't know the place like the palm of your hand , you'd better use a compass and the speedometer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pre-inaugural position (Filtered Words: 0)
The next time we saw him , he was a changed person ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They are made of gold and covered with emeralds , pearls and other jewels . (Filtered Words: 0)
His own children had suffered from the weakening of those values which he and Theresa had always taken for granted , and as for his grandchildren ( he had one so far , still in diapers ) , he shuddered to think that the true meaning of character might never dawn on them at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is also seen that Af , since the change from Af to Af is accomplished by a continuous translation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reaction rates observed at 200-degrees ranged from Af of the chlorine exchanged per hour to 0.7 exchanged per hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the 1939 Code this item was permitted to survive a tax-free reorganization in the Stanton Brewery case , but only over the dissent of Judge [FILTERED] , who wrote the majority opinion in the [FILTERED] case , a leading case requiring carryover of earnings and profits in a non-taxable reorganization . (Filtered Words: 2)
Jokes , cartoons and cynics to the contrary , mothers-in-law make good friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was possible , however , to decompose the compliance into a sum of a frequency-independent component and two viscoelastic mechanisms , each compatible with the [FILTERED] superposition principle and with a consistent set of time-temperature equivalence factors . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dr. [FILTERED] was another . (Filtered Words: 1)
His reply was , `` Everything that has been printed derogatory to you , purporting to have come from me , was a betrayal , and nothing yet has been printed which I have sanctioned '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A resolution of 70 - 80 line-pairs per millimeter appears to be feasible . (Filtered Words: 0)
He affected ( most properly ) not to understand my point . (Filtered Words: 0)
The matter may seem a small thing to some people , I know , but it's a very good start on the road to Totalitarianism The Commission has posted signs in Washington Square saying : (Filtered Words: 0)
The hypostatization of the secret nonetheless guarantees that the division of analytical and synthetic philosophies shall not be overcome by even the most persuasive argument ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here , this will help '' , suggested [FILTERED] , substituting a magnifying device in one extension and holding it over the picture . (Filtered Words: 1)
from the founding of the College those responsible for its management have planned to provide its students favorable conditions for personal religious development and to offer opportunities through the curriculum and otherwise for understanding the meaning and importance of religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
He moved up and lifted Jess's pistol out of its holster . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hoped he was free of self-deception . (Filtered Words: 0)
Caper ( Hoot Mon-Columbia Hanover ) , 2:30.3-:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
To learn what we do is the first step for improvement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hardly had Mrs. [FILTERED] driven off when a rusty pick-up truck , father or grandfather of Senor `` Moriarty's '' Ford sedan , came screeching to a dust-swirling stop , and a brown face appeared , its nose threatened by shards of what had once been the side window . (Filtered Words: 1)
Others mentioned that I might have had to ask friends or even strangers for help and that to be stranded in a foreign country without sufficient funds did not contribute to international understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jiffy barbecues (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If they are here , then surely I have the right to be here '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
We would attend a film and , later on , I stated , we might go to the Mayflower Coffee Shop or Child's or Toffenetti's for waffles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The floc particles were all small as the heavier floc settled out . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dammit all , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Two men in the front seat . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the moment of crisis it had no more depth than an old school tie . (Filtered Words: 0)
The award was made by Judge [FILTERED] who heard their petition without a jury by agreement of the parties . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Many minute hemorrhages in the lungs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But these sources have not been tapped . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was just waking up when we found her at the garage '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She read [FILTERED]'s Dark Ages , `` which I enjoyed very much '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Competent teachers are well versed in the technique of leading students to pre-set conclusions without destroying the students' illusion that they are making their own decisions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meeting U.N. obligations (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I guess he spent the morning getting himself all organized , then headed for home . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would to me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Submarines and shore installations are new elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What I want you to do is to go to the market with me early tomorrow morning and help smuggle the hen back into the hotel '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suppose they both had ventured into realms which their colleagues thought infidel : is this the way gentlemen settle frank differences of opinion ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He is not likely to win this battle easily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blood samples were allowed to clot at room temperature for 3 hr , centrifuged and the serum was removed . (Filtered Words: 0)
On last May 1 , the Cardinals stood at 7-6 , ending a two-season fall-off on that milestone . (Filtered Words: 0)
About 75 persons appeared at that time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The enormous plates which had held Mr. [FILTERED]'s four fried eggs and five strips of bacon were still stacked in the sink . (Filtered Words: 1)
It contracts with outside repair garages for much of the latter work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet , he told himself , this was the best way . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once he disposed of these items which screamed so harshly for attention , he could undertake the things which really counted . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , another Denver rookie , will be on the mound against veteran [FILTERED] at 8 o'clock Tuesday night . (Filtered Words: 2)
By the time Barco reached the count of three , the situation seemed to [FILTERED] almost too good to be true . (Filtered Words: 1)
You didn't think it was necessary '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I came that they may have life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bathyrans were all gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Astonishingly enough , it was my own voice I heard there in the darkness , begging this man to make love to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The final mailing of the questionnaire was made late in August , 1960 , to 4,900 firms consisting of 3,450 from the AIA list and 1,450 from the TR list . (Filtered Words: 0)
The three had little to say to each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not a medieval mental quirk or an attitude `` unnourished by sense '' to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk , or that such a possibility should not be permitted to endanger the confidentiality of the marriage relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sooner you act like an angel the quicker you'll feel angelic . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine came to the edge of the green jungle mist and stayed , as though debating whether to brave the sunlight . (Filtered Words: 0)
One who could be linked to anti-Semitism only by overcoming his objections is scarcely a good specimen of the Jew-baiter throughout the ages . (Filtered Words: 0)
From then on , in keeping with the traditions they had followed since childhood , the whole group settled down to relish their food . (Filtered Words: 0)
the term `` commerce '' means commerce between any State and any place outside thereof , or between points within the same State but through any place outside thereof . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I beg your pardon , sir '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , exec director of [FILTERED] ) fund raising group , filled me in on the low-down phonies who are using phones to solicit funds for [FILTERED]'s St. Jude hospital in Memphis . (Filtered Words: 3)
I was afraid to look for fear the evil might still be going on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Toward socialism (Filtered Words: 0)
I came back , sitting by my locker , feeling real low , and the kid walks over to me , looks up , and says : ' You stunk ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just about to call a taxi '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the polarity is correct , the platform will turn until the heading error angle is zero . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who are insecure fear to be candid in self-examination . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] and her excellent pianist , [FILTERED] , often achieved the highest lyrical ideals of the lieder tradition . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` A fine idea '' , [FILTERED] agreed . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] pushed through first . (Filtered Words: 1)
The present proceeding is concerned with the standard broadcast ( AM ) band , from 540 kc. to 1600 kc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of water , brick , and tile they have made far more than just a bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
There has long existed a brotherly affection between us , thus I accepted him as my pupil . (Filtered Words: 0)
Writers of ads must get their inspiration from the attitude of `` modern '' parents they have observed . (Filtered Words: 0)
By supporting the efforts of the many faculty members who are working to attain ever higher standards , the president can encourage faculty leadership . (Filtered Words: 0)
They're followed by the front and rear bulkheads as illustrated . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw a pint-sized man with a graying spade beard and an unusually large head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] also has a number of parolees to `` mother '' , watching to see that they do not break their parole and that they also learn to readjust to society . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Leave a card or something . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Slight tapping on the underside of mold will help release the clay , but too much agitation will cause the clay to become soft and will interfere with removal of clay from mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
The whole act is tailored to her pleasure , and not to theirs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus in a context in which there has been discussion of snow but mention of local conditions is new , dominant stress will probably be on here in it rarely snows here , but in a context in which there has been discussion of local weather but no mention of snow , dominant stress will probably be on snows . (Filtered Words: 0)
For those affiliated with it , the A.L.A.M. pool was a haven from the infringement actions involving detail patents that beset the industry with mounting intensity after 1900 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smoothed the covers on [FILTERED]'s bed and picked things up from the floor . (Filtered Words: 1)
the three-front war (Filtered Words: 0)
It won't open from inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Skorich , who is 39 years old , played football at Cincinnati University and then had a three-year professional career as a lineman under [FILTERED] with the Pittsburgh Steelers . (Filtered Words: 1)
It's like a flame , I guess '' , she said in a dreamy tone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did Low decide to let well enough alone when he made his selections ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You could set up tables in the front room and serve salads and your baked beans and brown bread and [FILTERED] could dress like a gypsy and tell fortunes '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
She glanced at the man nodding beside her , a man with weather cracks furrowed into his lean cheeks , with powdery pale eyes reflecting all the droughts he had seen , reflecting the sky and the drought which must follow now in August -- yes , with eyes predicting the drought and here it was only June , only festival time again and thoughts of [FILTERED] would not leave her . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Were you on duty here two weeks ago '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
About that same time [FILTERED] TV series on the popular arts proved again that giving jazz ample breathing space is one of the most sensible things a producer can do . (Filtered Words: 1)
Twenty-eight returns in all were received . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went back and got the flashlight , returned to the tunnel and carried the suitcase to the edge of the pit he had found earlier . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each Friday one manager is chosen by lot to stay late and load the equipment on a truck . (Filtered Words: 0)
In extreme cases of very soft knives this value may even change during the course of a measurement . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
The favorite guest of the house , as far as the staff was concerned , was Mr. [FILTERED] , the chewing gum king . (Filtered Words: 1)
He grew annoyed and at the same time surprised at that emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same editorial continued that `` We expected to democratize Japan and Korea and to see a new China pattern itself easily on our institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt that this campaign would be famous in the annals of war . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Was it my equipment '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
All crystalline substances and other solid-state materials . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
Another , longer strip of tinsel whipped his mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So that the man should not have thoughts of grandeur , and become lifted up , as if he had no lord , because of the dominion that had been given to him , and the freedom , fall into sin against God his Creator , overstepping his bounds , and take up an attitude of self-conceited arrogance towards God , a law was given him by God , that he might know that he had for lord the lord of all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Facing a prosecution which has demanded the death penalty , he said : ' I have participated in the war against Communism in Korea and at Dienbienphu , and I have helped in the evacuation of North Vietnamese to the free world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The death of Mr. [FILTERED] removes the United Nations' most controversial leader . (Filtered Words: 1)
The presumption in the literature would appear to be that the basic wage rate would be unchanged in this case , on the grounds that it is `` clearly '' not in the interest of the industry to raise wages gratuitously . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let me do the submitting to the Royal Academy '' , he suggested . (Filtered Words: 0)
Assuming thermal equilibrium between the anode surface and the transpiring argon , the gas enthalpy rise through the anode was calculated according to the relation Af whereby the specific heat of argon was taken as Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jacksonville , Oct. 6 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Their meditations were approaching a violent cusp that would shape Martian art for many millennia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will your local bus company erect and/or maintain the bus stops at your plant ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They then point out that with our present lack of knowledge of all the factors concerned in the rise and fall of epidemics , it is unlikely that a planned episode could be initiated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is an arbitrary retirement age of 65 actually costing your plant money ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He claimed you made other slanderous allegations '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Providence Daily Post's editor wrote that he could not believe that a meeting honoring [FILTERED] was to be held in Providence . (Filtered Words: 1)
The approximate equation is Af , where N is the number of Af with electron line-density greater than or equal to Af , and Q is proportional to the mass of the meteorite . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the trap is sprung . (Filtered Words: 0)
The U. S. and Soviet heads of Government have met three times since Sir [FILTERED] in 1953 introduced a new word into international diplomacy with his call for a fresh approach to the problem of peace `` at the summit of the nations '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
That first entry there is the Vermont Flumenophobe , the earliest and one of the most successful of my eighty-three varieties -- great big scapulars and hardly any primaries at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
They all surrounded him , the family circle , Theresa and [FILTERED] as solemn as if they were watching the cat have kittens , and Cousin Emma running back and forth with a kettle of hot water which she poured steaming into a white enamelled pan . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- You talk deep . (Filtered Words: 0)
The crowd consequently breaks up into temporary groups ranging in size from two to six , with a half-life for the cluster ranging from three to twenty minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
he might be Mrs. [FILTERED]'s murderer or have played some part in her death . (Filtered Words: 1)
The ladies were delighted and [FILTERED] was applauded . (Filtered Words: 1)
Philosophic systems , by the very nature of their completeness , are overthrown by rival systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he knew how important it was for her to keep her figure . (Filtered Words: 0)
however , in the interest of clarity and conciseness only the results obtained with homozygous Af and homozygous Af cells will be presented here . (Filtered Words: 0)
and if he wasn't entirely committed to what he did , he was at least fascinated by the chance of wider opportunities . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , while facing the changing economy with a certain uneasy reluctance , insists he is not to be classified as a Southern writer and yet includes traditional Southern concepts in everything he publishes . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- Defense Secretary [FILTERED] has asked Congress for authority and funds to build fallout shelters costing about 200 million dollars . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not really '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is surprising and pleasant is that [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , under constant pressure from writers and photographers , are trying to be cooperative . (Filtered Words: 2)
A ballistic missile cannot , today , tell you if it was successful or unsuccessful . (Filtered Words: 0)
They all have this in common : the earth is situated near the center of the deferent . (Filtered Words: 0)
These questions touch the root of confusion in the prosecution's case . (Filtered Words: 0)
A realty corporation in Louisiana owed no tax , under Federal law , on its gain from the sale of property disposed of in line with a plan of liquidation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` I've got some supper ready '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , grave guiltiness may be imputed to the military action of any nation , or to the action of any leader or leaders , which for any supposed good `` permits '' , in this sense , the termination of the human race by human action . (Filtered Words: 0)
A hebephrenic man used to give a repetitious wave of his hand a number of times during his largely-silent hours with his therapist . (Filtered Words: 0)
and because Communists have the will and , as long as Soviet power remains intact , the capacity to prevent their realization . (Filtered Words: 0)
They overflowed the parking lot , making progress by automobile difficult . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] interlude ended as larks with the Russians usually end . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the situation had been bad , it now got worse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Robinson asked Herford to escort him to the club's lavatory before they sat down for a highball and a game of cards . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
Price competition is lacking . (Filtered Words: 0)
' I need rather to be baptized by you . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , `` Oh Eugenia , I wish '' (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Papa pointed a scornful finger at the splashing youth : `` Idle recreation '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In of all the suggestions that were made , his was the silliest the possessive his represents his suggestion and is stressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the indirect method , this was evident from the fact that tumor sections were stained light green even when stained with NS and Af or with Af only . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] from the herb garden was also used to stop bleeding , and rue was an antiseptic . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is an organized system of these things . (Filtered Words: 0)
So I got out . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You know who the other man was '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Preparation for membership (Filtered Words: 0)
A really good wine waiter is , paradoxically , the guardian ( and not the purveyor ) of his cellar against the Visigoths . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hudson's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the Thames . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is the next step , Captain '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Just what is meant by `` spirit '' and by `` matter '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of our young people think it would . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was occupying herself in an attempt to write an article about the variety of houses that they had rented abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] investigated the rattlesnakes carefully himself and also summarized what others have found . (Filtered Words: 1)
you cannot go to heaven unless you are born again . (Filtered Words: 0)
He recognized her because she was the one who , in a winter twilight , on the edge of camp , had once stopped him and reached down her hand to touch his fly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He walked toward the center of the city to keep his rendezvous with Styka . (Filtered Words: 0)
Condensation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of this necessary increase in research and development , though properly chargeable to current expenses , is not reflected in earnings until projects are completed and the new machines sold in quantity , usually over a period of several years . (Filtered Words: 0)
At five o'clock that night it was already dark , and behind my closed door I was dressing as carefully as a groom . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] A Case Of Conscience ( 1958 ) describes a world hiding from its own weapons of destruction in underground shelters ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Ah '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He occupied a two-bedroom apartment on the fourth floor , using the second bedroom as his office . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to run the gauntlet of the programs [FILTERED] brought into being through his legislative efforts would fill the pages of today's Record . (Filtered Words: 1)
The remedies have been many and varied -- attempts to teach management techniques -- either in plant , at special schools , or in university `` crash '' courses -- provision of management-trained assistants or associates . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's a lie . (Filtered Words: 0)
How infuriating all this was ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Skolman isn't going to like it much , though , giving away what he should be selling '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What steps have been taken to guard against the one sort of mishap that could trigger the destruction of continents ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One can meet with aloofness almost anywhere : the THIDIU viewpoint , It Doesn't Affect Us ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The radio stations did run `` transcripts '' ( I thought ) during the evening hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few obvious target areas of great importance might be mentioned . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] square was a remarkably complete compendium of most of the chief religious and philosophical ideas of its time . (Filtered Words: 1)
As a consequence of the tensions thus produced in his thoughts and feelings , he wrote on the one hand sketches of idealized hunting trips and on the other an anecdote of the village of Hardscrabble , Arkansas , where no one had ever seen a piano ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] May [FILTERED] , ( Miss [FILTERED] 1960 ) says that within a short time -- on June 17th -- her reign will come to an end . (Filtered Words: 3)
[FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
The meetings in Zurich , the statement said , would deal only with principles that would guide the three factors in their search for a coalition Government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vacuum- and pressure-formed sheet plastics fill the gap between cardboard and molded plastics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
These consist of visits , without previous announcement , on top officials of manufacturing concerns located in highly industrialized areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Treatment of the above diseases : 350 milligrams per head per day for 30 days only . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lighting . (Filtered Words: 0)
A variety of data are assembled to bear upon such alleged changes as diminished puritan morality , work-success ethic , individualism , achievement , lessened emphasis on future-time orientation in favor of sociability , moral relativism , consideration and tolerance , conformity , hedonistic present-time orientation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first reason would never apply to a reorganization transfer which meets the conditions of section 381(a) , which is the only type presently under discussion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oso gave me an unruffled look . (Filtered Words: 0)
The telephone interrupted him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Afghans invaded ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He considered the sober possibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
he is far from being a literary hero , yet is a creative artist . (Filtered Words: 0)
The feet wore army shoes , in obvious disrepair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mark the specimen at the outer edges of the template with pen and indelible ink ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Bruises , burns , cuts , etc. , occurred frequently on the frontier , and folk medicine gave the answers to these problems too . (Filtered Words: 0)
didn't it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We followed him up the stairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the citizens would , of course , never be sure that the decisions that resulted were as correct as they were expeditious . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poor John's rise continued to be meteoric . (Filtered Words: 0)
To remain secure and prosperous themselves , wealthy nations must extend the kind of co-operation to the less fortunate members that will inspire hope , confidence , and progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second feature , `` The Price Of Silence '' , is a British detective story that will talk your head off . (Filtered Words: 0)
The displacement ( at least to a considerable extent ) of the ethical jurisprudence of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries by positivism reshaped both international law theory and doctrine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bundle centers (Filtered Words: 0)
But during nighttime hours the skywave radiations are reflected from the ionosphere , thereby creating the possibility of one station's rendering service , via skywave , at a much greater distance than it can through its groundwave signal , and at the same time vastly complicating the interference problem because of the still greater distance over which these skywave signals may cause interference to the signals of stations on the same and closely adjacent frequencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The adjustable fly cutter is very useful for cutting large diameter holes and can be used to cut exact-size discs by reversing the cutter blade . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is the lesson of the nineteenth century . (Filtered Words: 0)
If not , he was willing to accede to [FILTERED]'s wishes in any way that did not block his ultimate aim . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] touched his hand . (Filtered Words: 1)
Washington , Feb. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe I could call [FILTERED] at the magazine [FILTERED] where he worked . (Filtered Words: 2)
Philadelphia permitted him to seek a better connection after he had refused to reconsider his decision to end his career as a player . (Filtered Words: 0)
We prayed for John , during surgery , we asked others to pray ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
place design-side up on plaster board . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] pondered the reason for this , and pondered too the replacement of one member of the three-man group . (Filtered Words: 1)
The oxygen uptake rate in the mixed liquor averaged 0.8 mg/l/hr during the first four months of this study . (Filtered Words: 0)
( like compression strength of urethane foams , it has a direct relationship to formulation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He peered at his wristwatch . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're not living up to your own principles '' , she told my discouraged people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heydrich , in opening the Conference , followed the reasoning and even the phraseology of the order issued earlier by [FILTERED] which authorized the Final Solution as `` a complement to '' previous `` solutions '' for eliminating the Jews from German living space through violence , economic strangulation , forced emigration , and evacuation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Accordingly we may speak of the Platonism peculiar to [FILTERED]'s poems or the type of Stoicism present in Henley's `` Invictus '' , and we may find that describing such Platonism or such Stoicism and contrasting each with other expressions of the same attitude or mode of thought is a difficult and challenging enterprise . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'm even going to try to get the whirling dervishes of Damascus '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
They followed him into the rain and across to the squat stone building fifty feet to the rear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fulton was a very close friend of Jackson , and had been his private secretary for a number of years in the old days . (Filtered Words: 0)
For God's sake '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Not possible , he thought ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Spanish days Franciscan monks roamed here to collect the resin for incense . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you can possibly avoid it , you don't hand out any extra chances . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not a discourteous question , [FILTERED] decided . (Filtered Words: 1)
Another week passed and even the missionaries were enjoying the voyage . (Filtered Words: 0)
A restricted frontage may be too crowded an area for public use . (Filtered Words: 0)
His legs suddenly feel heavy and unaccountably weary , as if he had walked for miles , instead of strolling a few hundred yards along the old campus paths . (Filtered Words: 0)
most pastors find that the fourth session should take at least two hours and therefore hold it on a week night prior to Reception Sunday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next morning she was found dead in her suite with a bullet from a (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , child welfare experience abounds with cases in which the parental request for substitute care is precipitated by a crisis event which is meaningfully linked with a fundamental unresolved problem of family relationships . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the letter which would or would not enroll his son , David , in Hanford . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gap between the bookshelf and the record cabinet grows smaller with each new recording catalogue . (Filtered Words: 0)
' Do you come to me ' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He inferred that [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] were high-priced lawyers . (Filtered Words: 2)
Retired pay costs are increased by $94 million in 1961 over 1960 , partly because of a substantial increase in the number of retired personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said no matter what stand he takes it would be misconstrued that he was sympathetic to one or the other of the Republicans . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] knew how the Union soldiers must have felt at Chancellorsville and Antietam and Gettysburg when the ragged gray ranks charged at them , screaming the wild banshee howl they called the [FILTERED] yell . (Filtered Words: 2)
This problem is perhaps as old as social casework itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spoke of the season of dryness and dust , brought by the monsoon from the northeast , in harmony with the season of rain and mud , brought by the monsoon from the southwest . (Filtered Words: 0)
To be sure , in tool-and-die work and in the building trades , the first job must be often on an apprentice basis , but two years of half-time vocational training enables the young man thus to anticipate one year of apprentice status . (Filtered Words: 0)
An adequate system of VA hospitals is better equipped to care for the veterans than any 50 state hospitals . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mae '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
according to many critics , in fact , the South has led the North in literature since the Civil War , both quantitatively and qualitatively . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Or perhaps a new [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
If [FILTERED] wanted peace and quiet for his complicated meditations this is where he should have had it . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is much to be said for a college that , while happily attuned to the sophisticated Ivies , still gives its students a chance to get up early in the morning and drive along back roads where a glimpse of small game , deer , or even bear is not uncommon . (Filtered Words: 0)
2-4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not quite '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was one of the things she liked about Stanley . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's where he was when [FILTERED] found him '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
This curve is of symbol Af since it meets **yl , and hence every line of Af in the Af invariant points on **yl and since it obviously meets every line of Af in a single point . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is why I say we just can't go ahead and disarm the Germans and pull down our own defenses . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Arthur Clarke's Childhood's End ( 1953 ) , though written after the present flood of dystopias began , we can see the bright vision of science fiction clearly defined . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frequently , the message must be changed at intervals to feature new products , price changes , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . (Filtered Words: 0)
The current regime of President [FILTERED] is determinedly secular . (Filtered Words: 1)
The other players were undressing quietly . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are more substantial criticisms to be made of Fromm's account of capitalist civilization . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once he has been identified , however , a new melody is used to accompany his narrative , a bleak motif with barren octaves creating a rather ancient effect : (Filtered Words: 0)
He proceeded M.A. in 1632 , and B.D. in 1639 , being made fellow in 1632 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to the three major original equipment segments of the electronics business , the steady growth in the market for replacement parts continues year by year . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Whatever philosophy is conceived to be , its rationalist , logistic attitude to evidence should make it clear that it is something other than science . (Filtered Words: 0)
I say `` apparently '' although I saw Jouvet as Arnolphe when he visited this country shortly before his death ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Most manufacturers were now disposed to heed a proposal for the formal interchange of patents . (Filtered Words: 0)
The odds favor a special session , more than likely early in the year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her face turned pink with pleasure and a smothered cough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exboyfriend meet exhusband '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , Margenau remarks : `` A large number of unrelated epicycles was needed to explain the observations , but otherwise the ( [FILTERED] ) system served well and with quantitative precision . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] of [FILTERED] were awarded $55,000 damages from the state in Superior Court yesterday for industrial property which they owned at 83 Atwells Ave. , Providence , and which was condemned for use in construction of Interstate Route 95 . (Filtered Words: 3)
But Player was only one stroke back , with a 69 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The many linguistic techniques for reducing the amount of dictionary information that have been proposed all organize the dictionary's contents around prefixes , stems , suffixes , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
An hour later we were back in my unpadded pad , killing what had been left of the second pint . (Filtered Words: 0)
Readings of the number of milligrams of cholesterol in the blood , which seem to have value in predicting heart attacks , are becoming as routine as the electrocardiogram , which can show that the heart has suffered a symptomatic attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
The idea of the march pleased her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The system passes on these savings to its members . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , to conclude on an indeterminate note : `` Nevertheless , if fallout increased substantially , or remained high for a long time , it would become far more important as a potential health hazard in this country and throughout the world '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Creighton Hague sat in his office above the Ione pit . (Filtered Words: 0)
more private label competition . (Filtered Words: 0)
' an American journey ' (Filtered Words: 0)
Loyal and unscrupulous , with a single-minded ambition to which he devoted all his energies , he outmatched the English diplomats time and time again until , by a kind of poetic justice , he fell at the battle of Courtrai , the victim of the equally nationalistic if less articulate [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Literal flatness now tends to assert itself as the main event of the picture , and the device boomerangs : the illusion of depth is rendered even more precarious than before . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , most of the teen-agers I interviewed believed in maintaining their Jewish identity and even envisioned joining a synagogue or temple . (Filtered Words: 0)
He began to uncap the bottle , the rusty cap squealing on its threads . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said he was a friend of Heywood Broun who had run a free employment bureau for several months during the depression , but the generous Broun to whom I wrote did not know his name and I somehow conceived the morbid notion that the man in question was prowling round the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm allergic to Tahoe '' , [FILTERED] explained . (Filtered Words: 1)
Coughlin grinned , feeling supremely on top of things . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wooded stream valleys in the folds of earth would be saved . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can build this vacation cottage yourself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fewer nos she has to utter the more effective they will be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Round plaque (Filtered Words: 0)
A tight wagon meant so much . (Filtered Words: 0)
But cooperation and understanding between local officials and the citizenry help lessen this problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact I cannot imagine myself condemning a man to the noose or the electric chair if I had to take , as an individual , the responsibility for his death . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Good-by , Winston '' , Mr. [FILTERED] said , giving a final set to his hat . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is the sexton of the church . (Filtered Words: 0)
Looking back from the spring of 1629 over the four years of [FILTERED]'s undergraduate days , certain phases of his college career stand out as of permanent consequence to him and hence to us . (Filtered Words: 1)
Its ontological status is itself most tenuous because apart from individual men , who are its `` matter '' , tradition , the `` form '' of society exists only as a shared perception of truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Af are the projections associated with the primary decomposition of T , then each Af is a polynomial in T , and accordingly if a linear operator U commutes with T then U commutes with each of the Af , i.e. , each subspace Af is invariant under U . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the autumn of 1959 , the British Broadcasting Corporation presented a series of talks by four scientists competent in cosmology . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was safe in his [FILTERED]'s arms . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] felt disappointed that [FILTERED] had left ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Also three other direct pathways of alveolar bronchial arterial supply were noted : via the pleura ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A contrast of the scripture reading of , let us say , St. Augustine , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] , all three of whom found in such study a real source of enlightenment , can tell us a great deal about these three men and the age that each represented and helped bring to conscious expression . (Filtered Words: 2)
Then suddenly we found ourselves in the middle of another fight , an irrational , an indecent , an undeclared and immoral war with our strongest ( and some had thought noblest ) ally . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , she really does not know how to match the quantity of dollars given away by a quality of leadership that is basically needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drove into the paved space before the garage and got out , slamming the car door . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third name was ( John ) [FILTERED] , who was admitted to the Inner Temple in November 1631 . (Filtered Words: 1)
A quiet but sturdy theme , somewhat folklike in character , appears whenever the old monk speaks of the history he is recording or of his own past life : (Filtered Words: 0)
we are stronger and more self-confident -- and Low cannot so easily put us to rights . (Filtered Words: 0)
His servant [FILTERED] threatened [FILTERED] , who had Whitney bound to `` the good abaringe '' to keep the peace . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` For what '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
10% of them worried about their friends , neighbors , and relatives , most of whom were quite capable of taking care of themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have heard stories '' , he writes , `` of the most terrible , the most unnatural actions , of the most monstrous murders , told with the most spontaneous , childishly merry laughter '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exploratory mood (Filtered Words: 0)
The attendant recognized me once more and said , `` What did you do about that office '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But his resolution hardly seemed to help . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone shouted at him , `` Well ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Gavin's stallion was in the barn and he tightened the cinches over the saddle blanket , working by touch in the darkness , comforting the animal with easy words . (Filtered Words: 0)
What future holds (Filtered Words: 0)
On the fringe of the amused throng of white onlookers stood a young woman of remarkable beauty and poise . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dice were cast . (Filtered Words: 0)
A comparable manufactured boat would cost close to $3,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Listen '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let the open enemy to it be regarded as a Pandora with her box opened ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There are hereby created in the Treasury of the United States ( 1 ) a special fund to be known as the Yugoslav Claims Fund ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Stained with [FILTERED]'s ceramic unfired stain , polished , following manufacturer's directions . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of the nation's eight million pleasure-boat owners a sizable number have learned that late autumn is one of the loveliest seasons to be afloat -- at least in that broad balmy region that lies below America's belt line . (Filtered Words: 0)
A completely new insight into living cells and their structure will be possible by use of a new technique which replaces visible light with ultraviolet radiation and combines a microscope with a color-TV system to view the results . (Filtered Words: 0)
Returning once again to the Schnabel reissue , I am beguiled anew by the magnificence of this pianist's musical penetration . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] in the senate (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] of Sylvania , Ga. , relief quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League , will undergo a knee operation tomorrow at Franklin Hospital here . (Filtered Words: 1)
The light shining through the grille dimly illumined the office beyond -- enough for him to see there was no one there . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stifled the Comanche yell and let John lead him straight toward the nearby black volcanic mountain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The answers they give can often pave the way to performance increases and , quite often , are necessary for completing entry blanks for different events . (Filtered Words: 0)
At rest with my darling Ellen , the first Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In about seven years Griffith either invented or first realized the possibilities of virtually every resource at the disposal of the film maker . (Filtered Words: 0)
He began with masks to make the dancer identify himself with the creature he appeared to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several more will open soon . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any other man this reassurance to the electorate would have caused us a profound moral shock . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had loved and lost [FILTERED] to somebody else , had watched her marry the somebody else , and had caught a bear of a cold by kissing the bride good-by forever , which was really piling it on . (Filtered Words: 1)
The girl still did not raise her eyes , but she added simply , `` I'm pregnant '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not exactly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Present pool quarters at two locations in Providence are crowded , antiquated and , in general , make for inefficient operation in terms of dispersement of personnel and duplication of such operational needs as stock and repair equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
A ship run by a human brain could not run rogue or insane with the power and resources Central had to build into their scout ships . (Filtered Words: 0)
Along the main thoroughfares hardly a house had not been peppered . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who's your witness '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of Kenilworth will give his niece in marriage . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even if we do , you'll be out of here in a week , probably '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She left the next day for her teaching job at Princeton , Illinois . (Filtered Words: 0)
This has an interesting analogy with the assumption stated by Philippoff that `` the deformational mechanics of elastic solids can be applied to flowing solutions '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But that wasn't very funny , either . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gas flow through a plasma generator will modify these conditions ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For a moment he felt like a thief discovered . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` We had a good time tonight , didn't we , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
He was , and is , with the RAND Corporation , a nonprofit pool of thinkers financed by the U.S. Air Force . (Filtered Words: 0)
I discovered in the course of a visit there that almost all the pupils were Negroes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poverty imposes a kind of chastity on the ambitious . (Filtered Words: 0)
Necessary retouching was put on at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
The easiest way to describe this release is to say that it reproduces an interesting and effective Steinberg performance with minimal alteration of its musical values . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps [FILTERED] had guessed already and kept her counsel . (Filtered Words: 1)
But before this came about , 214,938 Americans had given their lives in battle for the two concepts of the sovereign rights of men and of states . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The windshield looks pretty clean '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another , more interesting explanation , is hinted at by [FILTERED] when he observes on several occasions that [FILTERED] would have made a magnificent criminal . (Filtered Words: 2)
They married . (Filtered Words: 0)
whether to stay financially dependent on her parents or help support herself while attending school ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion has its own supernatural prescriptions that are at the same time codes of behavior for the here and now . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Institute of Public Administration , in its report to the State Fiscal Study Commission in 1959 , recommended `` consolidating and centralizing all aspects of property tax administration in a single state agency professionally organized and equipped for the job '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
So we asked such men in major companies in the design field to offer their opinions on the `` dual-road-up '' problem -- and more importantly -- their solutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hell , I jist got on top of -- '' (Filtered Words: 0)
How much they esteemed him is shown by the fact that their underground committee selected him as one of the few who would be helped to escape . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- ed. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel had to bend toward [FILTERED] and ask him to repeat . (Filtered Words: 1)
The bandit laughs in his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
We stand more in awe of one another than most people . (Filtered Words: 0)
The early works were conceived for a sophisticated , international audience ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A parallel function for philosophy is the study of the relation between perceptions experientially received and conceptions logically formed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Docherty said , `` It's okay , [FILTERED] , let him by '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Up spoke carpenter [FILTERED] , who said he wouldn't give ten pounds to be home . (Filtered Words: 1)
Krim came to believe that `` the novel as a form had outlived its vital meaning '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Damp also . (Filtered Words: 0)
One part of her audience was totally engaged , the connoisseur witnessing a peculiarly fine performance of some ancient classic , the other part , the guest of the connoisseur , attentive as one who must take an intelligent interest in that which he does not fully understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
For his workmanship we are , created in Christ Jesus . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , if we follow the [FILTERED] pattern , as consciously or by an instinctual political sense I like to think I have followed it , then the very nature of our loyalty to our own immediate areas must necessarily be reflected in the devotion of our services to our country . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Dr. [FILTERED] , I've got a lot of blood '' , Fred spoke up , `` plenty of it . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the same time that I thought I understood her at long last and pitied her , underneath this knowing had there burned unquenched by my pity a fire of hate , an enduring envy that burst out in that ghastly outcry ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
St. James 18 . (Filtered Words: 0)
in the similitude of God he created him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The process of boundary maintenance identifies and preserves the social system or subsystems , and the characteristic interaction is maintained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the most frequently quoted Biblical sentences are the Beatitudes and yet so few persons , other than scholars , really understand the true meaning of these eight blessings uttered by Jesus at the beginning of the Sermon on the Mount . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could have written anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had gone without a hitch . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Good figures should be kept in hand '' , she said , and walked away with an exaggerated wiggle . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , as much time as possible should be spent within the shelter to hold radiation exposure to a minimum . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another anode holder used in the experiments is shown in figure 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
after the fourth year it begins to decline . (Filtered Words: 0)
Staining technique (Filtered Words: 0)
Their tax collection calendar could then be : July 25 , October 26 , January 26 , and April 25 , ( Providence ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was thinking chiefly of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
During the 1920's the Abstractionists , the German Bauhaus group of industrial designers , and the new architects all had the dream of some well ordered utopia , or welfare state , in which their neat and logical constructions might find their proper place . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked , trying to touch a part of her life [FILTERED] hadn't discussed ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
She drank greedily , and murmured , `` Thank you '' , as he lowered her head . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] roared twice and two men dropped , writhing . (Filtered Words: 1)
In contrast to this voluntary-control explanation for nonreactivity given by the Kohnstamm-positive subjects , the Kohnstamm-negative subjects offered an involuntary-control hypothesis to explain nonreactivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
While many companies have done fine work in developing sales personnel , much of it has been product rather than sales training . (Filtered Words: 0)
that was Pennsylvania . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never forget that a chain is only as strong as its weakest link . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lilly Banks and I became friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , because of the particular blot on your family escutcheon through what may only have been one unbridled moment on your grandmother's part , and because you had the lean-to kitchen and trundle bed of your childhood to outgrow , what you obviously most desired with both your conscious and unconscious person , what you bent your whole will , sensibility , and intelligence upon , was to be a lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) The conjugates were passed through a diethylaminoethyl ( DEAE ) cellulose column equilibrated with neutral phosphate buffer ( PBS ) containing Af potassium phosphate and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
he wanted to explain his new grokking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dealers' stocks down (Filtered Words: 0)
Several factors contributed to this change . (Filtered Words: 0)
Very peculiar retribution indeed seems to overtake such jokers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The establishment , by the Holy Father , of a permanent Secretariat for Christian Unity in 1960 was the most dramatic mark of this concern . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] became indispensable ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Bong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The imposition of yet another pressure , a strong one , from the outside , might cause it to snap . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] continues : `` (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I know '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
While we had expected that compulsive children in the unstructured school setting would have difficulty when compared to those in the structured , we were surprised to find that the achievement of the high compulsives within the schools where the whole-word method is used in beginning reading compares favorably with that of the low compulsives . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shunned publicity for himself and sought to avoid fame . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] first came to Sprague in 1953 as a Product Specialist in the Field Engineering Department , coming from the Office of Naval Research in Washington , D. C. , where he was an electronic scientist engaged in undersea warfare studies . (Filtered Words: 1)
But , since they have rejected both narrative and emotional continuity , how are they to unify the impressive array of materials at their disposal ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
All for $14 ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Purchasing practices . (Filtered Words: 0)
First go over the type of coverage you now have . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] includes the following declarative statements : DA ( Define Area ) , DC ( Define Constant ) , [FILTERED] ( Define Record Definition Word ) , DSW ( [FILTERED] ) , DLINE ( Define Line ) , EQU ( Equate ) , CODE,DTF ( Define Tape File ) , DIOCS ( Define Input/Output Control System ) , and DUF ( Descriptive Entry For Unit Records ) . (Filtered Words: 3)
Also our plans for me to commit [FILTERED]'s murder and for him to commit mine . (Filtered Words: 1)
Subsystems (Filtered Words: 0)
If you are thinking of giving him a berth , be sure to make it a wide one '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its early morning patrons were coachmen , who fortified themselves for the day with that delicacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stimulus from the confrontation of philosophical systems involving certain differences was undeniable . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the economic front , the first priority of these countries is to mobilize a vastly increased volume of resources . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hollywood (Filtered Words: 0)
All panel board comes in standard Af foot size . (Filtered Words: 0)
But even he will not last indefinitely and the above-noted new arrangements are , quite simply , made to assure qualitative continuity in the Foundation's policies and practices . (Filtered Words: 0)
There shall be deducted from the amount of each payment made pursuant to subsection ( C ) of Section 8 , as reimbursement for the expenses incurred by the United States , an amount equal to 5 per centum of such payment . (Filtered Words: 0)
How well can the site be developed ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Four ecclesiastical questions were presented by the General Court to [FILTERED] : `` 1 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Most of them sincerely believe that the Anglo-Saxon is the best race in the world and that it should remain pure . (Filtered Words: 0)
How far I knew will shortly become apparent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The common codes , for religious action as such and in their ethical aspects for everyday moral behavior , bind the devotees together . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , he didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who came into office with no previous experience in public administration , has surrounded himself with confusion which not only keeps his foes guessing but his friends as well . (Filtered Words: 1)
The secretary based his assessment on the upturn in retail sales . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a long , low room , like a root cellar , for it was banked up with soil , and vines had run rampant over that , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
He swung around , eyes toward the bedroom , some fifteen feet away . (Filtered Words: 0)
I figure if I can get any kind of publicity campaign going , I'll land him on TV -- you know , one of those favorite horses for some Western hero . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tall lady , with a ruffled collar very low on her bosom , turned insolent green eyes upon him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only effect of lack of a center would then be to release the hydrogen atoms to occupy general , rather than special , positions along the ( 111 ) axis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alec leaned forward to look . (Filtered Words: 0)
each is so typical that it represents a prominent trend in the poet's development . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I want to be in Scotty's Bar at midnight when Marsha makes her phone call there '' , he ended grimly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although quiet when they brought her in , she'd suddenly turned violent and had to be knocked out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The work will consist of : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I followed a shrubbery-lined gravel path alongside the house to the pool . (Filtered Words: 0)
( An enterprising teacher or parent could start training a healthy child at the age of seven days . (Filtered Words: 0)
I treated them fair '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Section 6(j) of the Act , as we have held , does require the Department's recommendation to be placed in a registrant's file . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Latin American republics who have been rather inclined to drag their feet on taking action against [FILTERED] also reacted swiftly last week by finally throwing Cuba off the Inter-American Defense Board . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Orioles once again performed at the plate in powderpuff fashion , gathering only seven blows off the offerings of three Kansas City pitchers . (Filtered Words: 0)
These responses are explicable in terms of characteristics inherent in the crisis . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is slow . (Filtered Words: 0)
It did seem impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had it not been for such private enterprise , diocesan authorities might of course have been goaded into establishing institutions subsidized by diocesan funds and parish collections and staffed by religious as paid employees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although I had been inside it I had not yet seen it functioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The important point is that both be satisfied with the adjustment '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A good man , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He could feel eyes on his back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then one day , early in January , 1960 , I sat down at my desk , and suddenly I was aware of the crucifix . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems to me the time has come for the American press to start experimenting with ways of reporting the news that will do a better job of communicating and will be less subject to abuse by those who have learned how to manipulate the present stereotype to serve their own ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whenever New England liberalism is reminded of the dramatic confrontation of Parker and the fraternity on January 23 , 1843 -- while it may defend the privilege of [FILTERED] to demand that Parker leave the Association , while it may plead that Dr. [FILTERED] had every warrant for stating , `` The difference between Trinitarians and Unitarians is a difference in Christianity ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
The things a man will do for a woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Music lovers who are not familiar with this literature may hear an excellent example , played for RCA by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Drinking with meals is also discouraged ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
So somebody else could have come in , too -- then or later while she was out of the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Water (Filtered Words: 0)
But both were high-spirited and vivacious , both had tempers to control , both loved languages , especially English and German , both were good teachers and wrote for publication . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Pictures '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten students act as managers for a high-school football team , and of these managers a proportion P are licensed drivers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was applied with a compost shredder made from a converted manure spreader . (Filtered Words: 0)
This and raw sugar replace ordinary refined sugar on the tables and very little sugar is used in cooking . (Filtered Words: 0)
In some instances a seventh question can be added : 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The choice is yours : the revellings and banquetings of this world or quiet communion with God ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
But if true , it was the case of which he had dreamed , the case which would throw him into headlines all over America as the hero of a great murder trial . (Filtered Words: 0)
We always thought we would die with our boots on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The desire to contrast the first parts of words which are alike in their last components produces an exceptional disregard of the normal patterns of stress of Chinese and Japanese . (Filtered Words: 0)
When winter comes be ready with additional mulch . (Filtered Words: 0)
thus , county school board and Federal court joined hands here to promote school desegregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The New York dancers are highly eclectic , varying the pattern with all kinds of personal improvisations , back bends or floor crawls . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had cursed at them and threatened them . (Filtered Words: 0)
and regulatory policies aimed to attract the financial and managerial resources of foreign investment and to prevent excessive luxury consumption by a few . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had no slicker . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] who guides circulation ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He hardly believed his reason himself any more . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm even going to try to get the whirling dervishes of Damascus '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , mathematically speaking , it was both functionally and symbolically the most important number in the entire diagram . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is estimated that about 70,000 miles of forest highways will eventually be needed to fully serve the National Forests . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't have to telephone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hanging on and on past any man's patience some final stab of conclusion ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I just can't take any chances on getting her pregnant , and if we were sleeping together '' (Filtered Words: 0)
it is secondarily a believing and worshiping fellowship . (Filtered Words: 0)
They insist they are ashamed of such violence and intimidation as occurred in Alabama when the Freedom Riders sought to break down racial discrimination in local bus depots . (Filtered Words: 0)
He darkened under his heavy burn . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had never seen clouds like them before , but he had the primitive feel of danger that gripped a man before a hurricane in Carolina . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were other roofs , less convenient but not impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should she wake him ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In general , such apartments afford more protection than smaller buildings because their walls are thick and there is more space . (Filtered Words: 0)
One moment , the road was filled with disciplined troops , marching four by four with a purpose as implacable as death ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , semi-professionally . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Zeitgeist is not crazy as a loon or mad as a March hare ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I prefer to speak , however , of [FILTERED] , the person , rather than [FILTERED] , the American institution . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Do you always navigate like this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Does each tentacle of the octopus of City Government reach out and lash at whatever it dislikes or considers an annoyance ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For any such square the middle corner of these will be called the vertex of the square and the corner not on the curve will be called the diagonal point of the square . (Filtered Words: 0)
The effect of drugs that act on the iodide-concentrating mechanism can be counteracted by addition of relatively large amounts of iodine to the diet . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the last week of march 1961 , Columbus , Ohio was the site of the Fourth Symposium on Temperature , Its Measurement And Control In Science And Industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Right in my pocket '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he leads the Neurenschatz [FILTERED] , Schlek gives a tremendously inspired performance of both the Baslot and Rattzhenfuut concertos , including the controversial Tschilwyk cadenza , which was included at the conductor's insistence . (Filtered Words: 1)
Faced , on the one hand , with an always exhaustible supply of his best wines , and on the other by a clientele usually equipped with inexhaustible pocketbooks , it is a wonder indeed that all wine waiters are not afflicted with chronic ambivalence . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had to uphold the sacredness of the feudal contract at all costs , for it was only as suzerain of Sicily and of the Patrimony of Peter that he had any justification for his Italian wars , but in the English-Scottish-French triangle it was almost impossible for him to recognize the claims of any one of the contestants without seeming to invalidate those of the other two . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You aren't one of us . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1879 the same [FILTERED] , with [FILTERED] , formed the `` American Telegraph Line '' , extending from Manchester Depot via Factory Point and South Dorset to Dorset . (Filtered Words: 2)
Lifting her skirts , she climbed in , never relinquishing her grip on his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the Ford that had been outside Burch's farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] [FILTERED] ( Galophone-Prissy Miss ) is a fine-looking filly with good disposition and good gait , and she has worked up to date in 2:46 . (Filtered Words: 3)
Desegregation can also result from additional suits brought by Negro plaintiffs against school boards in Newport News , Fairfax County , Arlington County , and Norfolk . (Filtered Words: 0)
It all went very well . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew better but I was thinking of the Pedersen kid mother-naked in all that dough . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is a good man , hard working . (Filtered Words: 1)
Use one 6-ounce chicken breast for each guest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Geely grunted and slid partly out , and [FILTERED]'s left arm snaked in around his neck to help him , while he set himself solidly on the roadway and swung his right fist to the big , gum-chewing jaw before Geely could straighten up . (Filtered Words: 1)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I goddamn well understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the game , [FILTERED] was taking off his sweatshirt in the dressing room when [FILTERED] came in . (Filtered Words: 2)
Then the boycott would not be secondary , but a primary one . (Filtered Words: 0)
the mill-pond is quiet , its surface dark and shadowed , and there does not seem to be much water in it . (Filtered Words: 0)
I cannot express to you the depth of my conviction that , in our own and free world interest , we must co-operate with others to help these people achieve their legitimate ambitions , as expressed in their different multi-year plans . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a thick , squashy crack of fist on flesh . (Filtered Words: 0)
Litigants who choose to assert federal claims in a state court go into that court subject to its rules of procedure . (Filtered Words: 0)
jam ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fairly recent '' , he remarked . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It has become our responsibility and I hope that the Citizens Group will spearhead the movement '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and that the maximum of the radio emission came about 3-1/2 days after Full Moon , which is again in contrast to the infrared emission , which reaches its maximum at Full Moon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others thought he couldn't stand seeing [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , still so beautiful , so much in command of everything . (Filtered Words: 2)
Those who favor placing trade unions under anti-trust laws imply that they are advocating a brand new reform . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , et al revised the Taylor Anxiety Scale for use with children . (Filtered Words: 1)
there had been lessons in French from a small Polish nobleman with a really profound distaste for his pupils ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I think the best bet is to go through the society columns of last year and see if any of the grooms match with the obituaries a little later . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] who guides circulation ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Sir -- Every resident of this city should visit the Newark Museum and see the exhibit `` Our Changing Skyline in Newark '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance , college-educated people consistently show up in study after study as more often than others supporters of the Bill of Rights and other democratic rights and liberties . (Filtered Words: 0)
Money , so important a theme elsewhere in [FILTERED] , is here central , and hands are often associated in some way with the false values -- acquisitiveness , snobbery , self-interest , hypocrisy , toadyism , irresponsibility , injustice -- that attach to a society based upon the pursuit of wealth . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then he played nine imaginary holes of golf , choosing his handicap , his irons , his stance , his opponents , and his weather in detail , but the green of the links seemed faded in the light of his business worries . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , in a typical store installation , fifty 24-in. and six 36-in. red acrylic letters were mounted against a white painted wood background . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their first collaboration came close . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of this , only 50 cents a day was paid in cash , the rest in script usable only in `` People's Stores '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It did seem impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
the result was his inevitable bedazzlement through , ignorance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Panting a little , Payne shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] herself ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
We have these positions , which compare directly : Af (Filtered Words: 0)
She called , trying to attain a half humorous resentment at his departure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last year a boy he knows and helped in Journalism won the Thoroughbred Racing Ass'n Scholarship which is worth $10,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If I am not to be Mrs. [FILTERED] then I am nothing '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
This does not allow the mystery to invade us . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The man was bent over with his hand on his stomach '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Anything else '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Just answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
He receives remuneration for his work . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
I reached over and switched off the electronic bugging device . (Filtered Words: 0)
( `` What did one tonsil say to the other tonsil ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
his broad but little used investigative powers are confirmed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Standing then with the others , peering into the sun , he saw the bright , multicolored legion , their hair flying like dark banners , only the thunder , the roll of drums , the mad cacophony of the hoofs accompanying them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too early for a vacuum cleaner , but probably [FILTERED] wanted the whole house in order before he came downstairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] banged his fist on the keyboard , ruining the letter . (Filtered Words: 1)
The eyes , blue and always somewhat downcast , possessed a sullen quality . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad announced yesterday it would reduce the total amount of its payroll by 10 per cent through salary cuts and lay-offs effective at 12:01 A.M. next Saturday . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trouble is that at first glance the idea looks like such a good one . (Filtered Words: 0)
if she told anyone of the opium it must be [FILTERED] , her husband . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` My beloved ward , my perennial gadfly '' , said the whining voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wondered what had taken place in town , between him and his wife . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now to him who is able to preserve you without sin and to set you before the presence of his glory , without blemish , in gladness , to the only God our Savior , through Jesus Christ our Lord , belong glory and majesty , dominion and authority , before all time , and now , and forever . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attention will be given in the next chapter to the style of association in the denominational churches ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There seems to be almost a conspiracy of silence veiling it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first step toward the goal is the establishment of a new atmosphere of mutual good will and friendly communication on other than the polemical level . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never hearing from him again , I remembered the little boy of whom I had had such doubts when he was ten years old . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her eyes became bright as she talked about her father and mother , aunts and uncles , cousins . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I questioned , also , professional soldiers , who would not easily be hypnotized by a septuagenarian's dreamy irredentism . (Filtered Words: 0)
As seen in types 1 , and 2 , , it supplies the hilar lymph nodes , vasa vasorum to the pulmonary artery and vein , the bronchi and the terminal bronchioles . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was too late . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can hardly wait '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked an old guy running a fishing station if the boat was Moore's . (Filtered Words: 0)
His hands snatched at an imaginary bucket , swooping down hard to grab it and coming away with equal snap like a ball that's been bounced hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
and yet like a child among adults . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no telling how she'd react to spending money '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You don't understand , Pa . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had their first real fight , and Bobbie went off to get drunk . (Filtered Words: 0)
He belonged to a social club , a civic group , little theater , swimming team , and had been president of the student forum as well as treasurer of the science club . (Filtered Words: 0)
Varying adjustments . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that moment , up walked a tall young man with glasses who announced himself as a world citizen from Basel , Switzerland . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] movements are the '' , creation of pimps who live off writers . (Filtered Words: 1)
But there is a Hearst barrel . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See [FILTERED]. 7 . (Filtered Words: 1)
But not a single human life was lost , and property damage in the Hawaiian Islands did not exceed $800,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consequently no one had remembered to introduce [FILTERED] to the prospective partners . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Ah-ah '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In the fairly brief but hectic history of Florida , the developers of waterfront land have too often wound up with both their land and ours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , at the [FILTERED] last year , [FILTERED] played a sympathetic Arnolphe and drew criticism for turning the comedy into a tragedy . (Filtered Words: 2)
This operation would permit evaluation of the pilot plant , with a slowly increasing load , over a reasonable period of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider what happened during World War 1 , , when the Protestant churches united to push the Prohibition law through Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead [FILTERED] was quiet , sharp and confident . (Filtered Words: 1)
And so do the prostitutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The behavior of a biological aerosol , on a much smaller scale , is illustrated by a specific field trial conducted with a non-pathogenic organism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Individual differences in maturation and the development of readiness for learning to read indicate that not until the third grade have most children had ample opportunity to demonstrate their capacity for school achievement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he told [FILTERED] himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Sure , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Just get out of here without it looking as though we're in a hurry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drinking with meals is also discouraged ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I fear explanations explanatory of things explained '' , he said , leaving the biter bit -- and bitter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man wheezed weakly , his fetid breath beating softly against [FILTERED]'s neck . (Filtered Words: 1)
Let all projects dry slowly for several days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ultraviolet microscopy (Filtered Words: 0)
Only too often , however , you have the feeling that you are sitting in a room with some of the instruments lined up on one wall to your left and others facing them on the wall to your right . (Filtered Words: 0)
As early as 1928 , however , the [FILTERED] style began to change . (Filtered Words: 1)
As such , one cannot fully understand the thought of the pre-Han and Han periods without knowing the meanings inherent in [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s next interest seemed the product of his insularity . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is strange ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She musta been walking in her sleep -- you seen her yourself in here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The foregoing , aided by several clues I'll withhold to keep you on your toes , will pursue you with a tenacity worthy of Inspector [FILTERED] , but before they close in , gird yourselves , I repeat , for a vengeance infinitely more pitiless . (Filtered Words: 1)
The new site was somewhat warmer than Fort Douglas and much closer to the great herds of buffalo on which the settlement must depend for food . (Filtered Words: 0)
I couldn't fight a dozen or so of 'em . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before losing itself in the sands of the 19th Century , the grand stream of Italian Renaissance architectural decoration made a last appearance in the Brumidi frescos of the Capitol Rotunda in Washington . (Filtered Words: 0)
By spring it would be a skeleton . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] : (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a fairly modern motel with quite a bit of electrical display in front . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the authors give numerous instances of calculated guessing on the patient's part to show how large a role it played in his process of readapting himself and how proficient he became at it . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know that one must act . (Filtered Words: 0)
About halfway through the second bottle , [FILTERED] looked at me across Pops , who was sitting between us and asked `` Now '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
While white is the coolest summer shade , there are lots of pastel hues along with tintable fabrics that will blend with any wardrobe color . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most professors in the course must , naturally , again have a higher degree than the course offers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Old , tired , trembling the woman came to the cannery . (Filtered Words: 0)
One species of ambiguity tries to baffle by interweaving repetition . (Filtered Words: 0)
The insuperable reward systems that most religions embody have great motivating effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , of nearby [FILTERED] , a 27-year-old housewife who has two children , finished in 2.21.6 . (Filtered Words: 2)
A phonemic system can be stated without reference to morphophonemics , but it cannot always be found without morphophonemics . (Filtered Words: 0)
I met [FILTERED] , which was better . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then Killpath smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Victor had been stirred by my account of him in Makers And Finders , for [FILTERED] was one of the lost writers whom [FILTERED] had seen in his childhood and whom I was bent on resurrecting . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] , clerk of the board , said that the appeals will be reviewed in December at the time the board is visiting new construction sites in the town for assessment purposes . (Filtered Words: 1)
By fall , 443 survivors of this arduous journey were clustered about Fort Snelling , but most of them were sent on to Galena and St. Louis , with a few going as far as Vevay , Indiana , a notable Swiss center in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
Criticism is as old as literary art and we can set the stage for our study of three moderns if we see how certain critics in the past have dealt with the ethical aspects of literature . (Filtered Words: 0)
He who had tried so hard , who had yearned so passionately to be a great officer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is it you want me to do , Mr. [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
It is of the utmost importance to the people of America and of the world how their governing President `` ends up '' during the four years of his term . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then in 1937 America's International Council of Religious Education authorized a new revision , in the light of expanded knowledge of ancient manuscripts and languages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lookout Mountain , Tennessee ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the image of man has suffered complete fragmentation in personal and spiritual qualities , and complete objectification in sub-human and quasi-mechanistic powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is one of the ironic quirks of history that the viability and usefulness of nationalism and the territorial state are rapidly dissipating at precisely the time that the nation-state attained its highest number ( approximately 100 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
But you're wrong about the rest of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their wires stretched out into infinity . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , insofar as science generates any fear , it stems not so much from scientific prowess and gadgets but from the fact that new unanswered questions arise , which , until they are understood , create uncertainty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Report of case (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , we shall see what happened when an emperor took this idea too literally . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stanley had gone out , saying he would be back in an hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You people don't have adjustable vision '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This became a common byword durin' the boom days when Eastern and foreign capital were so eager to buy cattle interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it is easy for the ecumenical enthusiast to lose sight of how basic all this is . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were eating breakfast . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , somewhere in that enormous light , was his apartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd forgotten all about Thelma and the Kentucky Derby and how it was Thelma's fifty dollars I was spending . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since he has just shown who is top dog , he may not be ready to receive this highest honor in the gift of the Soviet people . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a [FILTERED]'s wife who agonizes about tobacco ash on the living room rug and he is a forgetful genius who goes boating with the town baker when dignitaries from the local university have come to call . (Filtered Words: 1)
The kidneys were pale and weighed right , 110 gm. , and left , 230 gm. . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are , after all , fortunate souls who hear everything , but only know how to listen to what is good for them , and [FILTERED] was , as things go , a fortunate man . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since Af is ferromagnetic , we felt that any results obtained from the magnetically contaminated Af would be suspect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Often , dominant stress simply indicates a centering of attention or emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each plane carried two five-hundred pound bombs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is said to have reported that once , when she went to a hospital to call on a friend after a serious operation , and the friend protested that it had been `` nothing '' , she replied , `` Well , it was your healthy American peasant blood that pulled you through '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Po' Chavis '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Helva turned her vision back to magnification and surveyed her copy critically . (Filtered Words: 0)
Right now he found Sophie De Witt , that magnificent young matron he had spotted at Kamieniec four years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prince Souvanna Phouma , leader of the nation's neutralists and recognized as Premier by the Communist bloc , and [FILTERED] , head of the pro-Communist [FILTERED] forces . (Filtered Words: 2)
For example , it was a battalion of the 7th Cavalry under Colonel [FILTERED] that had been wiped out at the Battle of The Little Big Horn . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was a grunt , curiously inarticulate , like that of an animal in pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
As S approaches T the square will be outside C and therefore both Af and Af must cross C an odd number of times as S varies from zero to T . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Last year ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But in general the individual variation is a small thing added onto basic linguistic features of greater magnitude . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once burned -- scalded , really , because [FILTERED] had given him every encouragement -- forever shy . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Snakes are ugly and bad , and it might have bitten somebody , and they would have died '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They escorted him down from the porch and through the rain to his office . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the war , we set up schools for the teaching of psychological warfare , which included the teaching of propaganda , both black and white and the various shades of grey in between . (Filtered Words: 0)
but then since the operator is diagonalizable , the minimal polynomial cannot have a repeated root ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The first thing he knew the words `` Garryowen '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
and as this music ebbs and flows , there is an antiphonal chorus from all the atoms outside , in fact from the atoms of the entire universe . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
They believe that if the South had been let alone it would have produced a civilization superior to that of modern America . (Filtered Words: 0)
If action is indicated , what kind of action is relevant to the problem ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Problems of taxing personal property . (Filtered Words: 0)
New England . (Filtered Words: 0)
There will come a time in a basement shelter when the radiation has decayed enough to allow use of the whole basement . (Filtered Words: 0)
She will receive the 1961 `` Oscar '' at the 24th annual Neiman-Marcus Exposition , Tuesday and Wednesday in the Grand Ballroom of the Sheraton-Dallas Hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Meaning you want me to ride out '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
everyone was very high on Rome that year . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't realized that there would be so much time to think , so many lulls . (Filtered Words: 0)
MPH for Car speed (Filtered Words: 0)
For that reason any democratic reform and effort to bring genuine representative government to the Dominican Republic will need the greatest sympathy and help . (Filtered Words: 0)
of course , I was willing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I wish you good luck , but please don't dig up too tough a case for me this close to election . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in England , after the Restoration , the body of Cromwell was disinterred and hanged at Tyburn . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was supposed to be in court this afternoon , at City Hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a sturdy act of will she turned her mind away from herself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the rather pleasant white city was on the hill where the chief stores were . (Filtered Words: 0)
Loomis considers ranking a product of the evaluation process . (Filtered Words: 0)
they set limits to their aspirations -- few aspire to millions of dollars or to `` imperial '' power and glory . (Filtered Words: 0)
while [FILTERED] , on the other hand , appeared perfectly confident and Ulyate decided perhaps that was the answer . (Filtered Words: 1)
In all cases the activity against Af cells was spread over a wider area than that with Af cells , regardless of the type of test ( saline , albumin , indirect Coombs ) used for comparison . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two poets are paired on each record , in the order given above . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wooden butter molds and cookie presses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too bad a jury isn't involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
This may be because the Athabascan divergence began earlier ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] came home . (Filtered Words: 1)
Just to remind the Communists that the bombs dropped on Japan were to end a war not start one . (Filtered Words: 0)
he looked dapper in a lightweight summer suit , brown silk tie and green-tinted soft collar . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new President is in no position to start out his dealings with Moscow by issuing callable bluffs . (Filtered Words: 0)
When you get back I'll probly be swimming better than Victoria . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sighed . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` At three o'clock if it will be of convenience to you at that time '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us look at the heavy-electrical-goods industry in which General Electric , Westinghouse and a number of other manufacturers were recently convicted of engaging in a conspiracy to rig prices and allocate the market . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s conception of this novel was sound and perhaps even noble . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Three , labor troubles are infrequent . (Filtered Words: 0)
more private label competition . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could become an acute problem in the coming fiscal year . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dallas Texans were back home Monday with their third victory in four American Football League starts -- a 19-12 triumph over the Denver Broncos -- but their visit will be a short one . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early in June , the Discovery passed `` Desolation '' ( southern Greenland ) and in mid-June entered the `` Furious Overfall '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the pitching will also have trouble doing better . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] glancing at the miniature case , knew there would not be enough in it for the shortest of stays ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Especially touching is the chapter , `` The Little Sister '' , about a king's daughter who became a nun in the convent of St. Birgitta . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , a broad concept of over-all submarine defense is needed for co-ordination of the Navy's efforts , for a logical presentation to the public , for industry's guidance , and as a basis for a program to the Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too much dampness in the cellar rots the corks , again with ill effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , a little parkish place '' , Charlotte said , and concluded , `` Anyhow , it's all very nice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matsuo took the small knife from its scabbard and laid it on the ground , out of the marine's reach and away from their shadows . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then think of Delaware Bay and the ocean and you see that we have a supply of power for millions of years to come . (Filtered Words: 0)
One by one , these errors were discussed and one by one he rejected accepting them as errors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The saline tubes were saved and used for the indirect Coombs test in the following manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's all in your mind '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At Fort Ethan Allen the ever-present wind off Lake Champlain could readily flip a puny man-made thing like an airplane if the pilot miscalculated . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then it is a matter of pleasure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The pessimism of the young is defiant , anxious to confess or even exaggerate its ostensible gloom , and so exuberant as to reveal the fact that it regards its ability to face up to the awful truth as more than enough to compensate for the awfulness of that truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bake himself looked better ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and ( 2 ) whether you want to buy or rent . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the announcement of a `` special achievement award '' to [FILTERED] ( ( Bill ) Shea , the awards list was completed yesterday for Sunday night's thirty-eighth annual dinner and show of the New York Chapter , Baseball Writers' Association of America , at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel . (Filtered Words: 1)
they have been someone's enemy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stalling : (Filtered Words: 0)
Six Bucks over . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was shaking with tension and it took him a couple of minutes to get his breath and settle down . (Filtered Words: 0)
And with each sigh , like a whip in the hand of an expert , the grass stripped something from Warren . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radio , however , so increased the interest of women in the game that it was hardly necessary even to have `` Ladies' Days '' any longer to enable men to get to the ball park without interference at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spring was life -- and [FILTERED] in his sickroom was death . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] writes : `` There is danger in trying to make admission to the Church so easy and painless that people will scarcely know that anything has happened '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Beebe had a 3-foot anaconda that weighed only 9.8 ounces . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is redneck country . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eight aircraft in this small box . (Filtered Words: 0)
Further evidence that Roman Catholicism enjoys a more favorable position today than in 1861 is the respectful attention given to it in the mass media of England . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The codes in the red box -- there are several of them covering various contingencies -- are contained in a sealed X-ray-proof `` unique device '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. Peter 23 . (Filtered Words: 0)
) From this amount deduct the items indicated below . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suburbs and Negroes (Filtered Words: 0)
I hate it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no time in the short Mexican encounter to evolve a solution but the area provided a proving ground for new departures in the near future . (Filtered Words: 0)
The quantity of water flow may be critical ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On the south it ended sharply as though the lava had been cut off there suddenly . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were no pious hypocrisies then about being for collective bargaining , but against labor monopoly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The election will be Dec. 4 from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
This experience will have happened to many of you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The taunt was lost on [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The objective function is some measure of the increase in value of the stream by processing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His eyes were clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same use of an entirely different word applied for all the other tenses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Afterward , Tennessee's Democratic Senator [FILTERED] summed it up for newsmen . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Miss Maude . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one would question such an errand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional entries must be made from time to time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The city had recently given him a small salary , but it was not enough to supply even necessities . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Fairmount Park Commission will no doubt approve my two proposals , because it is responsible for the change of ideological atmosphere in the Square . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simultaneously , a variety of environmental supports -- a calm but not too motherly homemaker , referral for temporary economic aid , intelligent use of nursing care , accompaniment to the well-baby clinic for medical advice on the twins' feeding problem -- combined to prevent further development of predictable pathological mechanisms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Walking back down Main Street , I said , `` I saw the Harbor's one squad car at the road block , we'll ride out in my car '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and use of the foam for garment interlining is only now getting off the ground , with volume potential in the offing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Doesn't it ever bother you '' , [FILTERED] had asked , `` to have people always asking you about your hands '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Jouvet played him as a sincere zealot , and Ledoux , at the [FILTERED] , made him a gross buffoon , or so the historians tell us . (Filtered Words: 1)
What else he said was lost in the rattle of gunfire on all sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
dervishes who stand with the stillness of the blind , their eyes filmed with rheum and visions ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Ringing the ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
He claimed that the release of the preliminary findings was ' prejudicial to his position ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , a low intensity of hypothalamic-cortical discharges prevails in sleep and a high one during wakefulness , resulting in synchronous EEG potentials in the former and asynchrony in the latter condition . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's the way to talk . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a real stimulant to a lot of guys I know who have moved past the 2-score-year milestone . (Filtered Words: 0)
How would you ever see her again ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But a nigger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet , the object of the element of achieving through the process of goal attaining for this population appears to have been changed by circumstances brought about by the war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other independent , or partially independent agencies , have promoted investigations on topics directly or indirectly related to demography . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thornburg patted his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] would curse . (Filtered Words: 1)
Well , he told himself , let's put the show on the road . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Palace was an elaborate establishment , built practically on stilts in front , with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch . (Filtered Words: 0)
She couldn't cook or clean or make him comfortable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cholesterol level in the blood is influenced by the glands of the body . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of the authentic homogeneity of his early Nationalistic materials , and his flair for orchestrations -- his brilliant Petruchka , his savage [FILTERED] , his incisive Les Noces -- the world kept hoping that he could recapture the historical direction for which his native talents were predisposed . (Filtered Words: 1)
During the summers , while he was still in school , [FILTERED] worked for his father's firm as a messenger boy . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sandman announced the appointment of Mrs. [FILTERED] [FILTERED] of 330 Woodland Ave. , Westfield , as state chairman of the Republican Women for Jones Committee . (Filtered Words: 2)
Wine : `` Then you were typing poems this afternoon '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This did not happen in counties of North Georgia , where the rivers run and make rich the bottom land . (Filtered Words: 0)
( The common misconception that he was Dutch and that his first name was Hendrik stem from Dutch documents of his third voyage . (Filtered Words: 0)
As Helion wrote afterward : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
While he was at it , the philosopher of the Kremlin contributed an additional assist to the rule of reason by bellowing at those in the west who can't appreciate coexistence thru suicide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirty-five military and civilian students received laboratory training . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you cut down these horrible buildings you'll have no more traffic jams . (Filtered Words: 0)
Decide in the beginning to put your barbecue equipment to work . (Filtered Words: 0)
You couldn't on the one hand decry the arts and at the same time practice them , could you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She opened the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We grok God '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Newcomers are [FILTERED] on piano , [FILTERED] , bass and trumpet , and [FILTERED] on drums . (Filtered Words: 3)
At birth , this species varies considerably in size . (Filtered Words: 0)
The establishment , by the Holy Father , of a permanent Secretariat for Christian Unity in 1960 was the most dramatic mark of this concern . (Filtered Words: 0)
In deciding on the enterprises to be managed by family labor , compare the amount of labor that can be supplied by the family with the labor needs of various enterprises listed in table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Looking down the street after her , Adam saw that she had again stopped and again removed one hand from the basket . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] found that orthodox procedures of deep plowing , use of chemical fertilizers and insecticides , plus the application of conservation principles of rotation and contouring , did not prevent sheet erosion in the potato fields and depreciation of the soil . (Filtered Words: 1)
Oh yes , he'd talked about doing so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two to three weeks prior to the charter of the Virginia , [FILTERED] had been snooping around the San Luis Rey Mission . (Filtered Words: 1)
The arc voltage was measured with a voltmeter whose terminals were connected to the anode and cathode holders . (Filtered Words: 0)
One young girl told me how her mother removed a wart from her finger by soaking a copper penny in vinegar for three days and then painting the finger with the liquid several times . (Filtered Words: 0)
And was he afraid to do anything as definite as releasing her ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The man whom he would select as our leader for this great task is [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
An aggressor would use an agent against which there was a minimal naturally acquired or artificially induced immunity in a target population . (Filtered Words: 0)
Civilization itself -- tradition -- falls out of existence when the human spirit itself becomes confused . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems to me that it rather easily can . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then again he might not '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Muffling an exclamation , [FILTERED] sprang to the nearest steps and ran down . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nor did they care . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had not questioned why . (Filtered Words: 0)
An amateur decorator might try her hand at a pair during the long winter evenings , and , by picking up her living room color scheme , add a decorative do-it-yourself note to the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
They must be freezing up there now . (Filtered Words: 0)
she was fatally injured . (Filtered Words: 0)
In most states , trade and industrial training is provided in a minority of the high schools , usually located in the larger cities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be our guest ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In all of this extensive and expensive effort , the camera was downgraded to the status of recording instrument for art work produced elsewhere by the actor or by the author . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jones came toward them fast , now , along the southern toe of the Reef , and the dogs could be heard plainly , Old John with his Grand Canyon voice outstanding above the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was water . (Filtered Words: 0)
I always work it that way -- and always at a time when the customer has an alibi . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the two cherished achievements the elderly [FILTERED]'s hitless pitching probably reached the most hearts . (Filtered Words: 1)
Connection is sought (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has been named manager . (Filtered Words: 1)
Anyway , he doesn't deserve to lie there in the sun and be stared at . (Filtered Words: 0)
She could do no wrong at the tables that time . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's all . (Filtered Words: 0)
We always thought we would die with our boots on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theocracy reconsidered . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is sacred . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feathertop was a connoisseur . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The first two pilots had crashed '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt no conflict between what I was doing and my strict religious upbringing . (Filtered Words: 0)
I made you a man '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Receiving no answer , they set the fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rancher went a mile down this road and then , when he reached a big red boulder , swung off the road . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they are optimistic about their prospects in these regards ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All the dead animals laying around the ship '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They lack stimulation . (Filtered Words: 0)
In France , it remained always more picturesque , more dancelike , more full of flavor . (Filtered Words: 0)
To understand American politics is , simply , to know people , to know the relative weight of names -- who are heroes , who are straw men , who controls , who does not . (Filtered Words: 0)
But for those which do , the slow growth of the area has a retarding effect on the metropolitan core . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rankin sneered at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
this is a question which I have no wish to take up -- condensation is a phenomenon in which one finds not a condensed expression of various feelings and ideas which are , at an unconscious level , well sorted out , but rather a condensed expression of feelings and ideas which , even in the unconscious , have yet to become well differentiated from one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
For many years he had provided music and entertainment for functions throughout the Northwest . (Filtered Words: 0)
samples (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , sharp turns in a shelter entrance will reduce radiation intensity inside the shelter . (Filtered Words: 0)
the mere piling up of testimony does not prove , to the scientific mind , the existence of hoop snakes , joint snakes , or ghosts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rector had no doubt that [FILTERED] would come back from the village bursting with information , ready to impart it with his customary gusto , liberally embellished with his active imagnation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Recovering the property was much less important '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their commitments are , for the most part , couched in a familiar idiom . (Filtered Words: 0)
The debate needed no additional controversy and soon I could ask each individually what he expected from life , what his hopes were and what his fears . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first place , it was difficult for us to meet . (Filtered Words: 0)
But why was Laos the new Southeast Asian battleground ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Rarely did a trail herd pass through the Injun country on its march north that it wasn't stopped to receive demand for `` wohaw '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A nice bachelor apartment in a place called the Lancaster Arms '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If so , you are of the old school . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they met in one searing moment that gave them to one another instantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
A quarter of a century has gone by since this bevy of walking dreams sashayed up and down the staircases of the old New Amsterdam Theater , N.Y. . (Filtered Words: 0)
A slight change in the work schedule may cut the production of cows or chickens . (Filtered Words: 0)
One could see this chemical determinant as in itself a miracle . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] v. United States , supra . (Filtered Words: 1)
Washington , July 24 (Filtered Words: 0)
Maximizing economic and cultural opportunity (Filtered Words: 0)
Suggested evaluation and classification (Filtered Words: 0)
These cases in which light is already visible at the other end of the tunnel are ones which over the next few years will absorb the bulk of our capital assistance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl tapped the quirt impatiently against her knee and glared at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Aristotle kept the principle of levels and even augmented it by describing in the Poetics what kinds of character and action must be imitated if the play is to be a vehicle of serious and important human truths . (Filtered Words: 0)
For what we propose , however , a psychoanalyst is not necessary , even though one aim is to enable the reader to get beneath his own defenses -- his defenses of himself to himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The road's engineers look for further improvement when the turnpike is extended into Boston . (Filtered Words: 0)
I haven't got that kind of money '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The amount of water frontage , the quantity and quality of the water , and the recreation afforded by it are important . (Filtered Words: 0)
they look straight at the audience , not at each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
They took Jesus's body , then , and wrapped it in winding-clothes with the spices ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Does this bother you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
Close to a large city they might even specify the size of the nails used ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , the theatrical ( and perversely erotic ) notions of dressing up , cosmetics , disguise , and especially change of costume ( or singularity of costume , as with [FILTERED] ) , are characteristically associated with the catastrophes of Mann's stories . (Filtered Words: 1)
I can hardly wait '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Good luck , fellow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1961 , these expenditures are estimated at $18.9 billion , compared to $19.3 billion in 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This would be Mahzeer's office . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Court upheld the taxpayer's contention that these `` kickbacks '' were not his income though they passed through his hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
His long nose wiggled at the smells of frizzling bacon and heating java , but the fire was low , and he wanted to waste no time . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the recent horse show convention in New York it was stated that this Intermediate Judging Class is meeting with great success and will be a great help to future judges in the horse world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The principal tactic in controlling the ball was giving it to Abner Haynes , the flashy halfback . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nature (Filtered Words: 0)
the hotel-motel demarcation is becoming harder to find every year . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few were doubtful about the merits of an exclusive section for married students . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is an organized system of these things . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a fair fight , the boy provoked it -- Big Charlie told me so . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe , therefore , that we are without exception sinners , by nature alienated from God , and that Jesus Christ , the Son of God , came to earth , the representative Head of a new race , to die upon the cross and pay the penalty of the sin of the world , and that he who thus receives Christ as his personal [FILTERED] is `` born again '' spiritually , with new privileges , appetites , and affections , destined to live and grow in His likeness forever . (Filtered Words: 1)
I saw the clergyman kneel for a moment by the twitching body of the man he had shot , then run back to his position . (Filtered Words: 0)
) From this amount deduct the items indicated below . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] wore a maroon smoking jacket , and his myopic eyes were blurry and glistened behind thick octagonal lenses . (Filtered Words: 1)
But still , the proposition is worth examination . (Filtered Words: 0)
A further example of the incompatible difference in personalities was when two policemen held up a [FILTERED] beer convoy on a West Side street and demanded $300 to let it through . (Filtered Words: 1)
He did not speak . (Filtered Words: 0)
Extensive observations by physicians during vaginal examinations have established the fact that a single finger inserted along the anterior wall ( the top line of the vagina as the woman lies on her back ) may cause a great deal of distress in a virgin . (Filtered Words: 0)
In place of asking salesmen to fill questionnaires , checking their references , interviewing them , asking them to be tried out , he told them he would prefer to test them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Go back to America or any other place '' , well-meaning friends of Captain [FILTERED] advised them , `` but put thoughts of going to Burma out of your heads '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Capitalism rots from the core . (Filtered Words: 0)
They suspect it plays a role in the production of adrenal hormones , and they believe it is essential to the transport of fats throughout the circulatory system . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new part is finished . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ignores guidebook facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would have to bide their official time and see , trusting that the massive doses of shell-psychology would suffice her , too , as the necessary bulwark against her unusual confinement and the pressures of her profession . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unique circumstances would test us all , he decided . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy came on to the porch and sat down , his gaze on [FILTERED] as if half expecting him to shoot and not really caring . (Filtered Words: 1)
They were always leaping to light cigarettes , open car doors , fill plates or glasses , and I mistrusted the whole lot of them to the same degree that I mistrusted bake shops that called themselves `` Sanitary Bake Shops '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hammarskjold didn't like the way it was carried out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Needless to say , any such inference would be quite unwarranted . (Filtered Words: 0)
These programs are volumes of waste paper and lost hours if the citizens of a community must stand aside while land developers tell them when , where , and in what manner the community shall grow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Calhoun dealt with this question in his `` Disquisition On Government '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When she submitted to his treatment with the capsules , Mrs. [FILTERED] felt intense pain . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was thinking of the heat and of water that morning when I was plowing the stubble field far across the hill from the farm buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you try to maintain the principle of employee-contributed ( as opposed to fully company-paid ) programs ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where have you been '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He must have forgiven me '' , Henrietta murmured to the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , girls 31 , 29 , 33 , 21 , 26 , 13 , 3 , 4 , 14 , 32 , 24 , 25 , 34 , 23 , 6 , 15 , 22 , and 16 may be said to have the `` same schedule '' at Onset and Completion . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a few experiments the tubes were made from standard 6 mm. i.d. Pyrex tubing of 1 mm. wall thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maintaining his clutch on the hair , Matsuo watched the closed eyes while rummaging in the jacket pockets . (Filtered Words: 0)
What the American people will do turns in large degree on their leadership . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How was [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You mean a game with cards '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
My son , who has completed two years in engineering school , has a summer job on a construction project as an unskilled laborer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Grands Crus are expensive , and even doting palates tire of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not included was the value of seed oil in paints and varnishes or the value of the coffee and chocolate industries that are based on imported seed or seed products . (Filtered Words: 0)
Higher toll rates also are helping boost revenues . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gardens themselves are open free of charge the year round , and the 192 permanent employes make sure that not a dead or wilted flower is ever seen indoors or out by any visitor . (Filtered Words: 0)
She also was the original GOP national committeewoman from New Jersey in the early 1920s following adoption of the women's suffrage amendment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its windows glowed with lamplight . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was even a cable in French from a bank in Switzerland that had somehow learned about the Dallas stock offering . (Filtered Words: 0)
He chuckled , the memory vivid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fifty of the 100 firms were selected on a random basis from 3,500 names submitted by member companies of the Aerospace Industries Association ( AIA list ) and fifty were selected in a similar manner from a list of 1,500 names compiled by the research team from the Thomas Register ( TR list ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
During intercrisis periods the educational facilities of the community have the possibility of remolding the perspectives and altering the behavior of vast numbers of human beings of every age and condition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet after 1832 , the interrelations of economic and social and political affairs become blurred and the narrative becomes largely a conventional political account . (Filtered Words: 0)
By Theorem 10 , D is a diagonalizable operator which we shall call the diagonalizable part of T . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gavin's face was bloodless with excitement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beaten , bruised and exhausted , he pursues the elusive killer through the demi-monde of high society and low morals , always alone , always despised . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , the money dispensed by State goes not to the farmer , the laborer , or the businessman , but to foreigners . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was his brag that he could beat everybody at anything , but especially at fighting , and he once took on the manager of his club and worked him over thoroughly with his fists . (Filtered Words: 0)
These deductions may not be claimed if you elect to use the Standard Deduction or Tax Table . (Filtered Words: 0)
( The P-20 input is of interest because it corresponds roughly to the light emission of conventional X-ray fluorescent screens ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
An ace of spades . (Filtered Words: 0)
He lived in a very dark world , but he was not in the dark . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every few minutes she would awaken for a moment to review things : Stowey , yes , was on his way south , and the two boys were away in school , and nothing was burning on the stove , and [FILTERED] was coming for dinner and bringing three guests of hers . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even those who appear in only one or two scenes are full personalities , defined with economical precision . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , I am aware that my recoil could be interpreted by readers of the tea leaves at the bottom of my psyche as an incestuous sign , since theirs is a science of paradox : if one hates , they say it is because one loves ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public . (Filtered Words: 0)
He imagined they were the kind whose tax returns were never examined ( if they were , they were never penalized ) , whose children had no unhappy romances , whose names never knew scandal . (Filtered Words: 0)
She showed no interest at all in the life he had led back home , and it hurt him a little . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is essentially a landscape painter whose style and direction has a kinship with the English watercolorists of the early nineteenth century , especially the beautifully patterned art of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Come a bit closer . (Filtered Words: 0)
in 1950 it had become 47.1% urban . (Filtered Words: 0)
How cruel ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Oersted's own earlier experiments were unimpressive , possibly because he had , like other experimenters , laid the conducting wire across the compass needle instead of parallel with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Makes for confusion and congestion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Congress is full of politicians , and if you want to get along with them , you have to be politic . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was strange stuff -- it reminded me of the pictures of a child , but a child who has never played with other kids and has lived all its life with adults . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ex-Presidents , relieved of accountability for policy , sometimes seem to feel free of accountability for their words . (Filtered Words: 0)
There had been an eclipse of the moon . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] knew how the Union soldiers must have felt at Chancellorsville and Antietam and Gettysburg when the ragged gray ranks charged at them , screaming the wild banshee howl they called the [FILTERED] yell . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` What about them '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The party that won used to say something about a New Frontier . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Better do a Papanicolaou '' , I told [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
) The concept of nationalism is the political principle that epitomizes and glorifies the territorial state as the characteristic type of socal structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she went on down the list . (Filtered Words: 0)
You sometimes give them a little demonstration , a little guidance , and suggestions about staying inside the lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matsuo repeatedly choked down his own nausea . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the tune to which this hymn is most often sung , `` Boylston '' , the syllables have and fy , ending their lines , have twice the time any other syllables have . (Filtered Words: 0)
The best staining procedure with this purified Af consisted of staining with the conjugate for 30 minutes and washing in PBS for 15 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it's such a long shot '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of long experience I have found that incidental figures and other objects like trees , logs , and bushes can be traced from the original sketch and moved about in the major areas on the final sheet until they occupy the right position , which I call clicking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pa's scared to hell of axes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The schoolboy . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the U. S. , strong pressures have been building up for a resumption of tests on grounds that the Russians may be secretly testing . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was dark early , because of the storm . (Filtered Words: 0)
They faced a rather small audience , as quite a few subscribers apparently had decided to forego the pleasures of the afternoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obligingly Gibby lowered his voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he becomes chancellor , Dr. [FILTERED] would make few changes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rousseau agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But of course , with pleasure '' , he replied . (Filtered Words: 0)
MPH for Car speed (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was in the war , he was in [FILTERED] or [FILTERED] or something like that , and an old buddy of his told me he would come down on Sundays to the Pentagon and read the citations for medals -- just like the one we sent in for Trig -- and go away with a real glow . (Filtered Words: 2)
All of the subjects in the Kohnstamm-negative and Kohnstamm-positive groups ( as defined for purposes of the personality studies ) were compared with those subjects who shifted in Conditions 3 , or 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not contemporary English . (Filtered Words: 0)
It hadn't amounted to anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
But not in front of Trig . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each adult is held personally responsible for assuring his inscription and obtaining an identification card which must be shown on demand . (Filtered Words: 0)
She has small , broad , capable hands and an enormous energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Definition . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Commission shall certify to the Secretary of State , upon his request , copies of the formal submissions of claims filed pursuant to subsection ( B ) of Section 4 of this Act for transmission to the foreign government concerned . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I should say it is the turning of courts of law into veritable theatres for sex dramas , involving clergymen and parishioners , psychiatrists and patients . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , not only had he been here before , but it seemed he might well come again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Officials provided a temporary passport , good only for return to the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third and fourth waves seemed to be the highest . (Filtered Words: 0)
He pushed stick and rudder and entered the overcast on his back . (Filtered Words: 0)
His mouth was open , his neck corded with the strain of his screams . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the more seriously wounded was [FILTERED] , the young officer bucking for the Regular Army . (Filtered Words: 1)
He did not trust [FILTERED] , his violent temper , his killer instinct . (Filtered Words: 1)
More typical is the case of a suburban Long Island housewife described by a marriage counselor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Assistant Prosecutor [FILTERED] , who tried both the Hengesbach and Pohl cases , said he did not know what would be done about two arson charges pending against Pohl . (Filtered Words: 1)
Threat of closing the cannery is a recent one . (Filtered Words: 0)
no . (Filtered Words: 0)
He left his home the day after New Year's wearing a mackinaw and sheepskin mittens and without a hat . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is well-educated and refined , all wildcat and fur , and Union from the muzzle to the crupper '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In describing the initial Allied occupation of a middle-sized German city , the picture has color , pictorial pull and genuinely moving moments . (Filtered Words: 0)
She kept the dolls on the Lincoln bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A seeping coldness entered [FILTERED]'s being ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
These two pieces of information for each dictionary form that is matched by a text form constitute the table of dictionary usage . (Filtered Words: 0)
structurally , the U.N. is still fluid , vulnerable to the pressures that its new and enlarged membership are bringing to bear upon it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poirot and his counterparts are perfectly respectable people ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Their demand against the Calvinist Orthodoxy for intellectual liberty had never meant that they would follow `` free inquiry '' to the extreme of proclaiming Christianity a `` natural '' religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was resentful of his easy success as compared with [FILTERED]'s failure . (Filtered Words: 1)
The pace could now be accelerated , for the inhabitants of the Aegean stood on firm ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
The child grows rich on his winnings and conspires with his uncle to make secret gifts of his money to his mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
He , McBride , would be cited as in the wrong , and he , Lord , would go scot-free , an officer who had only done his duty , though perhaps too energetically . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the Export-Import Bank approves or declines the proposed loan , it will notify the Department of Economic Affairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel had little to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't believe them . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Macneff raised his hands apologetically and said , `` You are horrified , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
pharmacological effects in vitro on isolated surviving organs and in vivo on blood pressure were assayed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Nuclear weapons have given the world the means for self-destruction in hours or days ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
for , using the fact that N and N' commute Af and so when R is sufficiently large every term in this expression for Af will be 0 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alternate locations exist for all key command centers . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the past , the men and women have chartered planes to Las Vegas and Jamaica , buses to [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] and private railway coaches to Shreveport and Galveston . (Filtered Words: 2)
These striking , modernistic buildings on the East River are open to the public and every weekday guided tours are available . (Filtered Words: 0)
I did it for the valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the marine : head lifted , he strained and called . (Filtered Words: 0)
The impending death of [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
State numbering laws differ from each other in many ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of the dirt and leaf stain is easily removed when damp , but requires dynamite if allowed to dry . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pitcher wound up and the ball came in straight for [FILTERED]'s head . (Filtered Words: 1)
The matter got into the courts this way : One of the early strikes called by the AWOC was at the [FILTERED] pear orchards in Yuba County . (Filtered Words: 1)
Monogamy is the vice from which the abjectly fearful middle class continue to suffer , whereas the beatnik has the courage to break out of that prison of respectability . (Filtered Words: 0)
He recalled that in California after a critic had attacked him for `` still trying to sell [FILTERED] to the Americans '' , the public's response at the next concert was a standing ovation . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was not a discourteous question , [FILTERED] decided . (Filtered Words: 1)
A sympathetic friend made poultices of raw potato parings , which she said was the best and quickest way to draw out the `` heat '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For United States expenditures under subsections ( A ) , ( B ) , ( D ) , ( E ) , ( F ) , ( H ) through ( R ) of Section 104 of the Act or under any of such subsections , the rupee equivalent of $200 million . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There ain't nothin' faster , or lonelier , or more direct than a cannonball freight when you wanna go someplace '' , [FILTERED] would say . (Filtered Words: 1)
Though Americans usually lived in groups segregated by national origin or religious belief , they liked to work and shop in the noise and vitality of downtown . (Filtered Words: 0)
The justification in Christian conscience of the use of any mode of resistance also lays down its limitation -- in the distinction between the persons against whom pressure is primarily directed , those upon whom it may be permitted also to fall , and those who may never be directly repressed for the sake even of achieving some great good . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] moved over to [FILTERED] side . (Filtered Words: 2)
The State Department tacitly rejected the neutral Laos idea after the Geneva conference of 1954 , and last year Washington backed the rightist coup that ousted neutral Premier [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
We have had sound grounding in the principles of the mailed-fist-in-velvet-glove school of diplomacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
That first time was good and it stuck with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now there's nothin left of me . (Filtered Words: 0)
An alert 10-year-old safety patrol boy was congratulated by police today for his part in obtaining a reckless driving conviction against a youthful motorist . (Filtered Words: 0)
On these posts the gates swung open with a squeak and shut with a metallic clang . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , as much time as possible should be spent within the shelter to hold radiation exposure to a minimum . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as it was being hauled inboard , a sea hit the ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are four versions of the formula that involves the relationships of car speed , engine speed , rear axle gear ratio , and rear tire size . (Filtered Words: 0)
While convalescing in his Virginia home he wrote a book recording his prison experiences and escape , entitled : They Shall Not Have Me Published originally in ( Helion's ) English by Dutton & Co. of New York , in 1943 , the book was received by the press as a work of astonishing literary power and one of the most realistic accounts of World War 2 , from the French side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much has been done in the way of ingenious slitters to fabricate the slab stock into finished products . (Filtered Words: 0)
Talleyrand passed his New York law office one night on the way to a party . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] faced east and started walking down the left side of the road . (Filtered Words: 1)
Because the body contains so much liquid , transmission of ultrasonic signals proceeds fairly well in muscles and blood vessels . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything , thereafter , is permitted him except the love he remembers and has never ceased to need . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Adults take a long time to convince and you are thwarted if you try to push '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] , Sophia's half-sister , became ill in March , 1910 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guests stared with horror at Madame Lalaurie and made speedy departures . (Filtered Words: 0)
This can be justified thermodynamically in this case , and this will be done in a separate paper which is being prepared . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now , we're going to be like what General [FILTERED] and his horse make us think of '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
They squatted on their heels in the deep mud and [FILTERED] found a cigar in his breast pocket , passing it over silently . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was tired beyond almost the limits of his flesh . (Filtered Words: 1)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It didn't come from me . (Filtered Words: 0)
There shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of the proper special fund all funds hereinafter specified . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when [FILTERED] went over right away to return the call , [FILTERED] couldn't have been very cordial , for she'd come back before she hardly had time to get there . (Filtered Words: 2)
The shelves looked emptier than when Miss [FILTERED] had shown her the storeroom , and since the men from the Commissary had called ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The plane rumbled and slowed . (Filtered Words: 0)
They want to be fat cats , Pam thought , and lighted a cigarette and leaned back on a chaise and considered pulling her thoughts together . (Filtered Words: 0)
Breeding to Adair to Gentile , setting up Tuttle's 390-foot homer over the wall in left center . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dharma Dictionary , a list of highly unusual terms used in connection with Eurasian proto-senility cults . (Filtered Words: 0)
He says of it : (Filtered Words: 0)
Five years later , he was awarded the university's degree in law . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the power that holds the stars in their orbits , but allows the wind to bend a blade of grass . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second grand prize of $5,000 went to Mrs. [FILTERED] for her Hawaiian coffee ring , a rich yeast bread with coconut filling and vanilla glaze . (Filtered Words: 1)
A reporter asked [FILTERED] recently . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here [FILTERED] gave a slight sigh of weariness , and continued , `` It means more long years lived across the social grain of the life of our people , making shift to live in the face of popular disrespect and misunderstanding as I best can for myself and those dependent upon me '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
At this period the thirty-year old Helion was ranked `` as one of the mature leaders of the modern movement '' , according to [FILTERED] , `` and in the direct line of descent from Cezanne , Seurat , Gris and Leger '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
They were said to be `` on their heads '' when grazin' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this view , supported by only three members of the Court , a power denied by the specific provisions of Article 3 , was granted by the generality of Article 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] said he believed there are a number of qualified city residents who would be willing to take the full-time CD job . (Filtered Words: 1)
With this realization , sometimes , he saw himself as he looked down . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the continuing charm of the other children -- [FILTERED] in 1940 and [FILTERED] in 1944 -- and all John's success at his work only made Edythe's dizziness and general uselessness more glaring . (Filtered Words: 2)
You don't head back down again . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's a reason for this length of stay . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' , and `` Too Marvelous For Words '' ( all with [FILTERED] ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
These shifts in alliance and allegiance not only increased the difficulties confronting the English embassy as a whole , but also directly involved the two Savoyards , [FILTERED] and Othon . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pulling back the sheet , I examined the bruises around [FILTERED] once slender throat . (Filtered Words: 1)
No temptation , no virtue ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The fisherman was right in the middle of the Deep . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Federals is making everybody take the oath of loyalty around these parts too '' , he crowed . (Filtered Words: 0)
We today are not entitled to excoriate honest men who believed Parker to be downright pernicious and who barred their pulpits against his demand to poison the minds of their congregations . (Filtered Words: 0)
In recent years gagwriters have discovered this brand of blunder and thus the misplaced modifier has acquired a new habitat in the gagline . (Filtered Words: 0)
A hypothetical example will illustrate this point . (Filtered Words: 0)
To understand American politics is , simply , to know people , to know the relative weight of names -- who are heroes , who are straw men , who controls , who does not . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last-named is a fine-looking , large colt , who has been unfortunate to be laid off for some time due to injuries . (Filtered Words: 0)
I say the late seventeenth century because Racine ( whom Lessing did not really know ) stands on the far side of the chasm . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White Citizens' Councils in the entire state of Mississippi against every local Philco dealer in that state , in protest against a Philco-sponsored program over a national TV network on which was presented a drama showing , it seemed , a `` high yellow gal '' smooching with a white man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the most artistically successful of the nonfiction films have invariably borrowed the narrative form from the fiction feature . (Filtered Words: 0)
The attendant waved me on . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you remember the woman in the French [FILTERED] who was all alone with her sheep one day when the sun darkened ominously ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
What [FILTERED] life proves to us all is the magnificent lesson in political science that one can devotedly and with absolute dedication represent the seemingly provincial interests of one's own community , one's own district , one's own State , and by that help himself represent even better the sweep and scope of the problems of this the greatest nation of all time . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why don't you try that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Peace Corps thus can add a new dimension to America's world policy -- one for which people here and abroad have long been waiting . (Filtered Words: 0)
On this issue , then , as on so many in these months , [FILTERED] and Swift took rigidly opposed points of view . (Filtered Words: 1)
The label and operation columns must be blank and the continuation of the operand must begin in column 21 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The filler panels for the gable ends are cut from full Af sheets as shown , leaving no wastage . (Filtered Words: 0)
In entering this union we will be surrendering most , if not all , of our economic autonomy to international bodies such as the Atlantic Institute ( recently set up ) or the O.E.C.D. , I.M.F. and others . (Filtered Words: 0)
To Africa , he sent his most trusted adviser , his brother , Attorney General [FILTERED] , on a good-will mission to the Ivory Coast . (Filtered Words: 1)
But have we not gone overboard in stressing their significance ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
when it stopped he began busily typing , sitting up in a virtuous way . (Filtered Words: 0)
In my short period here I believe that at no time has he been otherwise than the most popular man on both sides of the aisle . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Pack -- and get out '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The flowers on his grave attested to the fact that he as well was somebody's hero . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we were creating a wholly new society , we could insist that our social , political , economic and philosophic institutions foster rather than hamper man ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Bertha , blue-eyed like [FILTERED] , was from the start her mother's daughter , destined for her mother's role in life . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
This eliminated toll calls between the two towns . (Filtered Words: 0)
The intranasal instillation of a fluid suspension of infectious agent in an anesthetized animal is far different from exposure , through natural respiration , to aerosolized organisms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her hair was the color of those blooms which in seed catalogues are referred to as `` black '' , but since no flower is actually without color contain always a hint of grape or purple or blue -- he wanted to draw the broad patina of hair through his fingers , searching it slowly for a trace of veining which might reveal its true shade beneath the darkness . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could see the hunched-up shoulders , the savage determination , the dance of his feet as he ground the snake with his heels , and the pirouette of his arms as he whipped at it with the stick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gun stiffened , his hands balling into fists at his sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was occupying herself in an attempt to write an article about the variety of houses that they had rented abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
The word also made him feel hate , sincere hate , for those so labeled . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know , that my son wants control and direction , but being autistic myself I cannot give full control or direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wrote gay plays about the girls for family entertainments , like `` Oh , What Fun ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] needed a job , having been detached from a rather dangerous career in real estate and skyscraper financing by [FILTERED] , and it was up to [FILTERED] to provide him with one . (Filtered Words: 3)
The fish , animals , and birds which may be found at the site are another interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
The firm is prominent in making equipment for cleaning seed cotton , driers , and heaters , and they lay claim to being the first maker ( 1910 ) of boil extraction equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
This involves a sifting of the empirical and rational elements entering into each social science statement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twenty years ago , she would have been known as a golf widow , and the sum of her manner was perhaps one of bereavement . (Filtered Words: 0)
She saw me and sat down beside me , three feet away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guests will wear costumes typical of the Chisholm Trail Days . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'd have consulted us , you see . (Filtered Words: 0)
the three Moldavian dances entitled `` Zhok '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The recommended 10-milligram daily intake level should be maintained . (Filtered Words: 0)
This increase was sufficient to overcome the effect on net income of higher costs of manufacture and increased expenditures on research and development . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sensational and frightening enjoyed popularity : a train rushes straight at the audience , or a great wave threatens to break over the seats . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had been seen as soon as they left the ranch , picked out of the darkness by the weary though watchful eyes of two men posted a few hundred yards away in the windless shelter of the trees . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Chicago And All That Jazz '' may have wound up satisfying neither the confirmed fan nor the inquisitive newcomer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course he's in '' -- ) (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was reluctant but [FILTERED] succeeded in persuading her to come back in five minutes and the door was shut again . (Filtered Words: 2)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a mess , all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is your experience with autistic children ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , it is in the field of transportation that Congress has most frequently granted employers exemption from the anti-trust laws ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But the secretary insists that the success of the American farmer is the `` greatest single source of strength '' in the struggle to insure freedom around the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Swadesh in short was trying to develop a basic list that was universal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A band viscometer is shown in Figure 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing bald , open ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Though President [FILTERED] was primarily concerned with the crucial problems of Berlin and disarmament adviser [FILTERED]'s unexpected report from Khrushchev , his new enthusiasm and reliance on personal diplomacy involved him in other key problems of U.S. foreign policy last week . (Filtered Words: 2)
For all concerned with social-welfare legislation , the significance of this radical and revolutionary change in the thought and habits of the vast majority of the American people is clear , profound and far-reaching . (Filtered Words: 0)
Branch Offices are located in other large cities . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Afghans invaded ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Revise and complete wildlife habitat management and improvement plans for all administrative units , assuring proper coordination between wildlife habitat management and other resources . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it makes a very poor red herring for an inside job . (Filtered Words: 0)
They will be accepted at all branches of the Bay View Federal Savings and Loan Association , at a collection center in the center of the Stonestown mall , and at the Junior Museum , 16th Street and Roosevelt Way . (Filtered Words: 0)
This took me so funny I had to look at her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then one of the guests showed his merriment . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A thousand pardons '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I start growing rapidly and this calcium atom grows along with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said Mrs. [FILTERED] and her husband also will be questioned about a series of 15 Portland robberies in spring of 1959 in which the holdup men bound their victims with tape before fleeing . (Filtered Words: 2)
It simply isn't , not by a long shot . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had better be good . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sound discoveries of this quixotic genius were so diluted by those of fantasy that the prize was never awarded to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stallion had smelled the mare coming into heat and began to paw the turf , shaking his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shrugs met that . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no word spoken , no apparent signal given . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly he grinned . (Filtered Words: 0)
I once tried to describe to a very well-known American intellectual the conditions among Negroes in the South . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aside from [FILTERED] himself , one need but examine the secondary roles to place [FILTERED] among the masters of musical portraiture . (Filtered Words: 2)
Ramey heard a cry from the girl and felt a slight pain somewhere in his hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Believe me ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the House pariah . (Filtered Words: 0)
But time is running out , and many of [FILTERED]'s admirers begin to fear that he will never find terra firma . (Filtered Words: 1)
He could hear horses moving around inside , and nothing else . (Filtered Words: 0)
They could hear the pony's feet on the dry leaves for a while , then the sound faded out . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the forward slope in front of his own post stretched two rows of barbed wire . (Filtered Words: 0)
snowballs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Which is a break as the area to search is less than a square mile '' , she added as she swung her legs over the transom . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was the theme song of millions of American people , their personal problems no less urgent than those of the government . (Filtered Words: 0)
General Power would participate in the decision making . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two days later Mr. [FILTERED] left Washington for the last time . (Filtered Words: 1)
Result is a better prospect for a full payoff by bonds that once were regarded as highly speculative . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hood refused to notice anything except captured guns and colors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tone and intonation often become seriously intermeshed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Artists simply do not talk to each other in that fashion ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His duties as Massachusetts Secretary of State obliged him to wait until the adjournment of the legislature in mid-April . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` (Filtered Words: 0)
best growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
An exhibit , `` Macropathology -- An Ancient Art , A New Science '' , was presented at the annual meeting of the American Medical Association . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then I picked it up again and handed it to the old man . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is little doubt that the students benefit from vocational education . (Filtered Words: 0)
There will be romance and flirtation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others added that [FILTERED] had wanted to turn the ship homeward . (Filtered Words: 1)
It's not about you or [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
This can be accomplished substantially by a continued trend toward better facilities and techniques for fire control and more resources to cope with critical fire periods , and a more intensive application of a program of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations . (Filtered Words: 0)
This tragic lad had forged his own shackles . (Filtered Words: 0)
There must be a restriction in the deed to provide that the customer may not be charged more than the current market price for the oil , an obvious precaution , since the account is permanently wedded , just like with gas or electricity . (Filtered Words: 0)
And had been for a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
This year several entries from Canada were entered which made the Junior Class International . (Filtered Words: 0)
but it becomes very important if foreign peoples react the way human beings typically do -- namely , by taking steps to end up on what appears to be the winning side . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
The group conducting the review is not holding formal hearings . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the above results we can make the following remarks about the graph of F . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Will you be coming back soon '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And the swimming team . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] shrugged on his sports coat and picked up the car keys . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Anniston catcher did not reply with words . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once the soldiers from the barracks had to hold the ship from blowing away while [FILTERED] revved the engine and got the tail up . (Filtered Words: 1)
There are 151 items in the [FILTERED] show , including one painting by each member of the `` Eight '' , as well as work by Sloan's friends and students . (Filtered Words: 1)
( Note how strongly the upper lats and serratus are worked in this fine exercise because of the pin-point concentration of force which the dumbbell variation affords ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you tell him I made a pass at you he might think you misunderstood something I said or did , so instead of just telling him I made a pass , say I tried to date you and that you agreed so you could prove to him what a louse I really am . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here '' , [FILTERED] said gently , `` what's these dishes doing not washed '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Carmer himself was nowhere to be seen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deal furniture with a mahogany finish was neatly arranged as if it stood in the window of a department store . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Remember to call me Jan '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
The beer foamed furiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
and these costs must somehow be apportioned among the various classes and then must somehow be reapportioned among the units of service in order to report unit costs that can serve as tentative measures of reasonable rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having arrived he blinked sleepily and friendlily at them , and lapsed back into the restful stupor from which he had emerged . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was deep in water , but at least they could not reach him there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The former comprise analeptic and psychoactive drugs , the latter the tranquilizers . (Filtered Words: 0)
TASS from Moscow in English to Europe : (Filtered Words: 0)
Cousin Emma had simply put Miss [FILTERED] , Rome , Italy , on the envelope , had walked up to the post office in Tuxapoka , Alabama , and mailed it with as much confidence as if it had been a birthday card to her next-door neighbor . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gear ratio -- speed relationships (Filtered Words: 0)
In place of the police headquarters was a new square filled with rubble . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dallas (Filtered Words: 0)
Approved September 22 , 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Means held steady one jump ahead of her . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no single issue that has aroused stronger feelings throughout the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , she scurried away up the steps . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Rome , all over Europe , she intended to move very slowly indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
By dealing with common landscape in an uncommon way , [FILTERED] has found a particular niche in American landscape art . (Filtered Words: 1)
The rf power level was maintained small enough at all times to prevent obvious line shape distortions by saturation effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel steered me along toward a school for young boys beginning to study the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Some of the defendants strongly indicated they knew they were receiving stolen property . (Filtered Words: 0)
The number of successes on each shot is a value of a random variable that has values 0 or 1 , and there are 5 such random variables here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Johnnie loved me and wanted me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What about a tea room , then ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The correlation ( Table 2 ) between onset age and completion age was -.50 , and that between onset age and [FILTERED] was -.10 . (Filtered Words: 1)
It cost us a hundred thousand dollars and thirty days lost time to fix them . (Filtered Words: 0)
We trust you are not one of the 70,000,000 Americans who do not attend church , but who feel that various forms of recreation are more important than worshipping the God who made our country great . (Filtered Words: 0)
The workshop will begin at 10 a.m. and end at 3 p.m. in the auditorium of the Library and Fine Arts Building . (Filtered Words: 0)
and now , therefore , do I , [FILTERED] , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode Island and [FILTERED] , proclaim Monday , May 22nd , 1961 , as National Maritime Day , reminding our citizens that American Merchant ships and American seamen are ready at all times to serve our Nation in the cause of freedom and justice . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Who'd hit you in the head '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He shouted . (Filtered Words: 0)
these figures constitute the best estimate for the flux in interplanetary space near the Earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor need the critic be captious . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Snakes are ugly '' , he said again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many thanks for a job well done . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sleep was difficult these days . (Filtered Words: 0)
But those penetrating eyes -- I had to turn my head away . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cards were then processed using standard IBM punch card equipment , including an IBM 650 computer . (Filtered Words: 0)
He should be , as [FILTERED] certainly was , a citizen of the world . (Filtered Words: 1)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It didn't seem to tell her anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
Studies of the growth and decline of children's fears indicate that fears due to strange objects , noises , falling , and unexpected movement decline during the preschool years , but that fears of the dark , of being alone , and of imaginary creatures or robbers increase . (Filtered Words: 0)
In [FILTERED]'s the leader at camp , but [FILTERED] is here the is of the second main declarative represents is the leader and therefore has stress . (Filtered Words: 2)
Everything , thereafter , is permitted him except the love he remembers and has never ceased to need . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Myra wanted me to thank you for taking [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not long after moving in she turned up a richly carved desk , hewed from the timbers of the British ship H.M.S. Resolute and presented to President [FILTERED] by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Urbanization appears to be an important factor in the disintegration of this group . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cowboy called this breed of cattle `` magpies '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is just more to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Lacking the respected and effective institutions that consensus helps provide , minority parties , such as the P.D.I. in 1957 and the progressive Istiqlal faction in 1958 , clamor for elections when out of power , but are not at all certain they wish to be controlled by popular choice when in power . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie's eyebrows went up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her little speech was totally out of character with the sort of person I thought she was . (Filtered Words: 0)
Little enough joy was afforded [FILTERED] in the spring of 1925 , when another destructive fire broke out at Taliesin . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was well past midnight . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suffer from mixed feelings . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Running in , running out . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may stay as long as you wish , of course , but if arranging for the care of the girls must take time into account , I think a day or two should be enough to finish our business in '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ashamed of our wealth and power , afraid of so-called world opinion and addicted to peace , we have allowed our soft-heartedness to lead to soft-headed policies . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the dance teachers of America make it their business to prepare their young charges for the gymnastics that must come some day if our schools are really responsible , we will be that much ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
the glisten of the Truckee River made a wide spangle . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You've not had your breakfast yet , gran'dad '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the swift-striding Jamaican , set a meet record in the 600-yard run in the Knights of Columbus track meet tonight , beating Purdue's [FILTERED] in a hot duel in 1.10.1 . (Filtered Words: 2)
For a steak sandwich , or `` Kohi Futotsu '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt curiously sleepy , the world seemed far away ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
After the war began , he long refused to permit emancipation of the slaves by Union action even in the Border States that stayed with the Union . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it was the custom of that alert colony to take over the property of persons asking for protection , this was an act roughly equivalent to throwing open the door to a pack of wolves and saying `` Come and get it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One state , Alabama , closes its fiscal year on September 30 , and all cities in the state , with one exception , also close fiscal years on September 30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a few places cooperative programs between schools and employers in clerical work have shown the same possibilities for allowing the student , while still in school , to develop skills which are immediately marketable upon graduation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is very chic to drive foreign cars . (Filtered Words: 0)
His interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not me '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The effect of drugs that act on the iodide-concentrating mechanism can be counteracted by addition of relatively large amounts of iodine to the diet . (Filtered Words: 0)
They found it at the junction between Troops H and G , and prepared to counterattack . (Filtered Words: 0)
You need more chlorine . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was no need for [FILTERED] to go on , since all she wanted in life was to make a home for [FILTERED] and ( blushing ) raise his children . (Filtered Words: 2)
This is a remarkable book and an astonishingly interesting one . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled to herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
At some cities , this pick-up and delivery service is without additional charge , and , if you are budget-wise , when you are planning your itinerary , you will take advantage of these free delivery and collection stations in major cities within the larger European countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
You see what I mean . (Filtered Words: 0)
Okay ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The sheriff was occupied with maneuvering the car around in a very narrow space . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is that you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He is not one to remain more comfortably and unquestioningly within a body of social , cultural , or literary traditions than he was within the traditions -- or possibly the regulations -- governing his tenure in the post office at Oxford , Mississippi , thirty-five years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Midwest (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The kid's froze good . (Filtered Words: 0)
More bouncing , another stop , a new house for teachers , a new well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recent events in the General Assembly of the United Nations confirm that the cold war will remain with us , and probably intensify , for the foreseeable future . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless he had ample opportunity to contest the statement before the appeal board . (Filtered Words: 0)
The average of states' rates is $.076 per mile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally she had come down ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But why ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Two tax revision bills were passed . (Filtered Words: 0)
This set must consist of isolated points and closed intervals . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result was a collection of 280 songs , ballads , ditties , brought together from all regions of America , more than one hundred never before published : The American Songbag . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the election of President [FILTERED] has attracted new attention to the ethical climate of his home state . (Filtered Words: 1)
Conferences become very popular . (Filtered Words: 0)
His first conclusion , on behavior of individual items , is negative , whereas mine ( on Ath. and Yok. ) was partially positive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] made important additions to the arts in screw machine design by drastically improving the means for revolving the turret , by introducing automatic feeding devices for the stock , and reversible tap and die holders . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Aye-yah-ah-ah '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Only the assignment of the information cells is important . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hotly debated plan for the capital's Franklin D. Roosevelt Memorial , a circle of huge tablets engraved with his speeches ( and promptly dubbed by one of its critics , `` Instant Stonehenge '' ) , is another of Udall's headaches , since as supervisor of the National Parks Commission he will share in the responsibility for building it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The police captain chortled . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the front knee is straight and locked , allow it to bend again until you feel the bar come lightly into contact with the sides of the Power Stands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Observers , in the two school systems studied here , judged the teachers in the structured schools to be more impersonal and demanding , while the atmosphere in the unstructured schools was judged to be more supporting and accepting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two hundred and nineteen were received from 35 of our 50 United States and 11 came from foreign countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was like a mean horse to come at from the rear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strange , but true -- authenticity and realism often aren't related at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adam recognized this one . (Filtered Words: 0)
To a [FILTERED] , there was only one church . (Filtered Words: 1)
But Albania is merely a symptom of a real malaise between China and Russia . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was there that the two accused civil servants were at work . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's a large compartment in the forward cockpit for charts and other items . (Filtered Words: 0)
He assumed he could blink the splinter out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Secretary of State Seward was a sick man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Watching , they waited until the squall thickened and began to move in a long drifting slant across the dry burning land . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus Af is also continuous at Af , and in a neighborhood of Af which does not contain a tangent point . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` Captain , may I speak , please ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
growth studies have been carried on consistently by orthodontists . (Filtered Words: 0)
He strove to think of God and His eternal wrath ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps it is only an analogy , but one of the most obvious differences between cheap fiction and fiction of an enduring quality is the development of a theme or story with leisure and anticipation . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the two do not invariably or even typically coincide . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was accordingly done , and the plight of the grateful Mrs. [FILTERED] was much relieved as a result of the generous loan , the amount of which is not known . (Filtered Words: 1)
The efficiency with which animals convert grains and forages to meat has risen steadily in the United States since the 1930's and has paralleled the increased feeding of the cake and meal that are a byproduct when seeds are processed for oil . (Filtered Words: 0)
The city had recently given him a small salary , but it was not enough to supply even necessities . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was John who found the lion tracks . (Filtered Words: 0)
he avidly reads the Wall Street Journal , and took delight in driving a $250 model A Ford for 22 years , then selling it for $300 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is their job to think about the unthinkable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only , as we know , did [FILTERED] publicly treat Khrushchev's attack on Albania as `` something that we cannot consider as a serious Marxist-Leninist approach '' to the problem ( i.e. , as something thoroughly dictatorial and `` undemocratic '' ) , but the Albanian leaders went out of their way to be openly abusive to Khrushchev , calling him a liar , a bully , and so on . (Filtered Words: 1)
They lived mainly in the kitchen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
At 12,000 feet , Fiedler signaled `` release '' , and started the roaring pulse-jet engine -- then streaked away from beneath the Heinkel . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the years when Israel was passing from crisis to crisis -- the Sinai campaign , the infusion of multitudes of penniless immigrants -- it was felt that the purpose of national unity could be best served if the secular majority were to yield to the religious parties . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's be fine superior people of great dignity '' , he said as if he were joking . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
A vision handicap that may produce nervous tension and reading disability for one child may spur another child on to even greater achievement in reading . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Run the machine continuously until completion of the test . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instinctively he exhaled through his nose then sucked in the air from the hose . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no selectivity ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , I once used this machine to cure a woman with 97 pounds of cancer in her body '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , since the public requires some restraint on the part of the companies , larger wage increases call for less than proportionately larger price increases ( e.g. , if a wage increase of 5% allows a price increase of 7% , a wage increase of 10% allows a price increase of something less than 14% ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , later joined by the commission's vice-chairman , Mrs. [FILTERED] , took Harvey to task for comments he had made to the North Portland Rotary Club Tuesday . (Filtered Words: 2)
Having whipped Mr. [FILTERED] in the primaries and thus come into control of Tammany Hall , they have changed the name to Chatham Hall . (Filtered Words: 1)
There were other clubs in this league . (Filtered Words: 0)
We decided to leave the third one intact for tomorrow . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Director of the Peace Corps , [FILTERED] , a [FILTERED] brother-in-law , collects heavily among the moderns , including [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
You're the kind of bastard who sneaks up on a man from behind and hits him with a club . (Filtered Words: 0)
Has Moss no stirling virtues ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He enjoyed killing . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the third category the function is double-valued in this interval . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is starred against [FILTERED] , trumpet ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
so that , while it usually is easy to recognize a poem by Hardy , it is difficult to date one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next , run the engine and let it heat up so the thermostat opens , and then look for leaks again . (Filtered Words: 0)
The former scout's alibi couldn't be shaken . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Old Man near the corner let the shadow pass over him , sensing something portentous in it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How do you know you love somebody enough to get married '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm walked through the alien glass and looked up at the unfamiliar constellations , smelling the frozen sterility of the thin air . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the growing complexity of markets and intensity of competition , sales management , whether at the district , region or headquarters level , is a tough job today -- and it will be tougher in the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But these comments are hardly printable . (Filtered Words: 0)
g-p men served (Filtered Words: 0)
There also came a brief contretemps with the sound mixers who made the mistake of being overheard during a quiet moment near the conclusion of `` Do It Again '' , and she made the tart observation that `` I never saw so much moving about in an audience '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many industry trade associations are developing campaigns to protect or enhance the share of the consumer's dollar being spent on their particular products . (Filtered Words: 0)
Preserving the pool (Filtered Words: 0)
He drew her close and , hand on cheek , turned her face to his . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the final scenes could not be played . (Filtered Words: 0)
This conflict may be resolved in a way which will suit white middle-class people better than it suits white lower-class people . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The American press clamored for many days promising President [FILTERED] would reply to the most vital domestic and foreign problems confronting the United States . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- of a rifle and killed ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But it has been during the last two centuries , during the scientific revolution , that our independence from the physical environment has made the most rapid strides . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a bitter satire for a future writer in that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The international unit is equipotent with the USP unit adopted in 1952 , which was defined as the amount of activity present in 20 mg of the USP reference substance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The white Buick hadn't moved away yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Big Hans said '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't be discouraged ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the same bar , and it was two weeks later -- Saturday night , when he had an excuse to drink heavier than usual . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sitter remained seated hugging the tree . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early in 1939 , [FILTERED] , the Gauleiter of Vienna , established SS headquarters for all of Poland . (Filtered Words: 1)
they are far more common in the Pacific . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tillie was a fine midwife and could get here quick , he suggested . (Filtered Words: 0)
My [FILTERED] and I were not too close socially because of the difference in our ages . (Filtered Words: 1)
The annual butchery of 40,000 American men , women and children to satiate its blood-lust is excessive ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1927 he succeeded [FILTERED] as opera director of the German Theater at Prague . (Filtered Words: 1)
The whole act is tailored to her pleasure , and not to theirs . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is as follows : `` The usual sensitivity tests showed that the specific qualities of skin-perceptiveness ( pressure , pain , temperature ) , as well as the kinesthetic sensations ( muscular feelings , feelings in the tendons and joints ) , were , as such , essentially intact , although they seemed , in comparison with normal reactions , to be somewhat diminished over the entire body . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within a year , without reducing wages , Underwood's production costs were cut one third , prices were slashed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know , Stephen '' , she smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'd druther stay here and watch the girls '' , [FILTERED] grinned . (Filtered Words: 1)
But the scene was not the quiet , calm scene I'd expected . (Filtered Words: 0)
The respectability which money confers implies a different etiquette , and , upon taking up the life of a London gentleman , [FILTERED] must learn from [FILTERED] that `` the spoon is not generally used over-hand , but under '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
But last week's pirates , like the Cuban-American who recently hijacked an Eastern Airlines Electra ( Newsweek , Aug. 7 ) , wanted to go to Havana . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , p , 3 ( by Adios ) in 2:26 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
heat thoroughly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nischwitz was working on a 3-hitter when the Indians bunched three of their eight hits for two runs in the sixth . (Filtered Words: 0)
One by one , these errors were discussed and one by one he rejected accepting them as errors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two weeks ago she had gone west to Pearson City . (Filtered Words: 0)
he reasoned and argued , pointing out that [FILTERED] or other Confederate commanders would need it should troops pass that way in retreat . (Filtered Words: 1)
Does the organization show an affinity for a foreign government , political party or personality in opposition or preference to the American system ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Statistically , the most significant data have been collected from the sensors on 1958 Alpha ( Explorer 1 ) , 1958 Delta 2 ( Sputnik 3 ) , and 1959 Eta ( Vanguard 3 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shouted , and rushed off to the Speaker's Room to object : `` A dangerous precedent '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I shall argue that we do mean to do just that . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is no coincidence that the hebephrenic patient , the most severely dedifferentiated of all schizophrenic patients , shows , as one of his characteristic symptoms , laughter -- laughter which now makes one feel scorned or hated , which now makes one feel like weeping , or which now gives one a glimpse of the bleak and empty expanse of man's despair ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Before [FILTERED] could move inside to cut upward toward his face , he slammed his right fist into [FILTERED]' belly . (Filtered Words: 2)
Compared with the college and university faculty members of the period from 1900 to 1930 , the new postwar faculty members consist of more children of immigrants and more children of urban working-class fathers . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , little work has been done on a comparative basis in regard to the normal existence of bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can I tell you a secret ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Eugenia sighed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another great danger is that the emerging middle class will feel itself increasingly alienated from the political leaders who still justify their dominance by reference to the struggle for independence or the early phase of nationalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
and that as they mature their interests and capabilities change and broaden . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is nothing in the whole range of human experience more widely known and universally felt than spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] is away '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 1)
But for those which do , the slow growth of the area has a retarding effect on the metropolitan core . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's mad at the world '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There also came a brief contretemps with the sound mixers who made the mistake of being overheard during a quiet moment near the conclusion of `` Do It Again '' , and she made the tart observation that `` I never saw so much moving about in an audience '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides the bundle centers where contributions may be made there will be facilities at Philmont Country Club for those who would like to bring the bundles on the night of the party . (Filtered Words: 0)
Latin America was once an area as `` safe '' for the West as Nebraska was for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
she died on August sixth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] has a firm , attractive tone , which eschews an overly sweet vibrato . (Filtered Words: 1)
Stop the engines '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can't stay here with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
He does not expect to be able to trammel up all the future consequences of his action . (Filtered Words: 0)
chemical studies are being pursued with the cooperation of K.G. Untch . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the German pilot in the bomber the rocket became a faint black speck , hurtling through the sky at the then incredible speed of 420 m.p.h. . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the exception of two battens , all run to the stem where they are glued and screwed after careful beveling . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked down over the banister at the hotel desk , with the telephone and pen set . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the Pennsylvania militia skirmished with the British , but soon fled . (Filtered Words: 0)
This and raw sugar replace ordinary refined sugar on the tables and very little sugar is used in cooking . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hello , Ed '' , said Tilghman . (Filtered Words: 0)
I drew diagrams and floor plans ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of Detroit , a former president of the Professional Golfers Association , will receive the Ben Hogan Trophy for his comeback following a recent illness . (Filtered Words: 1)
then , to better purpose , he took hold of the knot and with dextrous fingers , untied it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nodding approvingly and swelling with importance , the old lady whispered confidentially . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Commerce Department said seasonally adjusted sales of retail stores dropped to slightly under $18 billion in April , down 1% from the March level of more than $18.2 billion . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tilted his homely face toward the dry bed of the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let V be a finite-dimensional vector space over an algebraically closed field F , e.g. , the field of complex numbers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Miss [FILTERED] came from Vermont to be kitchen manager . (Filtered Words: 1)
high-voltage electrophoresis and paper chromatography were used in preliminary structural studies ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They come in crisp basket weaves in natural honey hues , along with lacey open weaves with a lustre finish in natural , white , black and a whole range of colors . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw that Dolores intended to wait until the last minute , thinking he would get nervous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't work too hard '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Think they're intelligent , maybe hostile '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He never smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Think you can walk to the table '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither Mantle nor [FILTERED] , understandably , will predict 60 home runs for himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
He knew its meaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
A family dwelling without a basement provides some natural shielding from fallout radiation . (Filtered Words: 0)
From America were the Messrs. [FILTERED] and Jones . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am a sophomore at Mount Pleasant High School . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bullet had penetrated in the area of the right collarbone ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The world has never lacked for horrifying examples ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The inherent resolution of a cathodoluminescent phosphor screen decreases with increasingly aggregate thickness ( with increasing anode voltage ) , decreases with decreasing porosity ( thus the advantage of cathodophoretic phosphor deposition ) and might be impaired by the normally used aluminum mirror . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And you know -- you're right '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Arnold's iron shot from the tee burrowed into the bunker guarding the green , an embankment that had become soft and spongy from the rains , thereby bringing local rules into force . (Filtered Words: 0)
He slipped outside , hugging the walls of buildings and dodging into doorways . (Filtered Words: 0)
And another . (Filtered Words: 0)
This past year the pattern has been different : The organizing program had the full support of the AFL-CIO , which supplied staff and money to the AWOC , as well as moral support . (Filtered Words: 0)
He put in a call to [FILTERED] from his hotel room . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was [FILTERED] , the campmate of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
it has been made far more difficult by what the Belgians have done , or failed to do , in the Congo since 1885 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two men can often do the installation in a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , many more things are charted besides prices . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl was in critical condition with burns over 90 per cent of her body . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone in the ball park seemed to be standing and shouting . (Filtered Words: 0)
For purposes of this explanation , this percentage is referred to as the State's `` unadjusted Federal share '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next week , forty soldiers were sent to get the miscreants . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the next morning , she had turned the paper over . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Dr. [FILTERED] , wise in his judgment of people , declined to have the Science Building named for him , he wrote Miss [FILTERED] ( April 7 , 1923 ) `` If you had asked me , I think I would have suggested that you name the building for Miss Upton . (Filtered Words: 2)
Work is under way to see whether new restraining devices should be installed on all nuclear weapons . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or else the North really believes that all Southerners except a few quaint old characters have come around to realizing the errors of their past , and are now at heart sharers of the American Dream , like everybody else . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interlocking signals are normally at stop or `` red '' position , and a lever must be pulled to `` clear '' the signal . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the opening of the Dusseldorf show , Thompson himself scarcely glanced at the treasures that he was seeing together for the last time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah '' , Mose murmured , `` yeah . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But we got to go back to Fifth and get another bottle or two . (Filtered Words: 0)
As soon as the fox has taken hold on most of the populace he imports more wharf rats , who , of course , say they are the aggrieved victims of an extermination campaign in the city . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think I would have been much disappointed in Japan if I had not seen Kyoto , Nara , and Hiroshima . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was the day that he had practically mopped up the main street of Big Sands with [FILTERED] , field boss for the Highlands Oil & Gas Company . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] cursed again , and entered the barn . (Filtered Words: 1)
But she does indicate festivities will start early , that a jazz combo will `` give with the Basin Street beat '' during the cocktail and dinner hours and that [FILTERED] orchestra will take over during the dancing . (Filtered Words: 1)
it wasn't this way in the hospital at San Diego . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] wore a maroon smoking jacket , and his myopic eyes were blurry and glistened behind thick octagonal lenses . (Filtered Words: 1)
Agriculture ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Even death , therefore , has a providential as well as a punitive function . (Filtered Words: 0)
It must be noticed in [FILTERED]. 7-1 that the accelerometer responds to any input acceleration . (Filtered Words: 1)
When the family business failed , [FILTERED] left school and on his mother's urging -- for she hoped that he would become an actor -- he joined a local little theater group . (Filtered Words: 1)
The show is programed and written by the station's assistant continuity editor , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Before the dust has settled or the blood congealed , editorials , speeches , and civil-rights commissions are loud in the land , demanding to know what happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wait a minute . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'll relish the sight of a friendly face . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , I mean how'd you get her to do it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I think her husband strongly suspects so , and that's why he called me in on the thing in direct defiance of his confederates and almost certainly without telling them why he was doing so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Result is a better prospect for a full payoff by bonds that once were regarded as highly speculative . (Filtered Words: 0)
Holiness without which no man will see God . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a man of his mass he was curiously short . (Filtered Words: 0)
It ended when he tumbled ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They walked slowly past the sherbet-colored cottages -- eleven lemon , nine mint , seven orange -- around the curve to a deserted stand with an `` Eats '' sign jiggling in the wind . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were Oneida Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too many new things are happening for it to be a complete erotic fulfillment . (Filtered Words: 0)
That cold , empty sky was full of fire and light . (Filtered Words: 0)
Missail is the straight man , not very talkative , mild-mannered when he does speak . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyone for musical Ping-pong ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was merely a rationalization and ordering of new institutions of popular government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Peter , you lummox , you've forgot to order the musicians '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a brief chapter dealing with `` Various Other Diagnoses '' , he quotes isolated passages from some writers whose views seem to corroborate his own , and finds it `` most remarkable that a critical view of twentieth-century society was already held by a number of thinkers living in the nineteenth . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had seen a dry , old , yellowing hand reach out , with that painful solicitude , to touch , to rearrange , to shift aimlessly , some object worth a pfennig . (Filtered Words: 0)
The location of the latter now is determined for tax purposes at the time of registration , and it is now accepted practice to consider a motor vehicle as being situated where it is garaged . (Filtered Words: 0)
The adjustment to a uniform and coordinated fiscal period could be accomplished relatively easily for them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charity as she knew it was complex and reciprocal , and almost every roof she saw signified charity . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a time of revelations for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , in prudential calculation , in balancing the good directly intended and done against the evil unintended and indirectly done , no greater precision can be forthcoming than the subject allows . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , this inaugural feast did its sponsors no good whatever . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cereal grains , supplemented with soybeans or dry edible peas or beans , comprise about two-thirds or three-fourths of the diet in parts of Asia and Africa . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this time of crisis in our Nation's commuter railroads , a new threat to the continued operations of the New York Central has appeared in the form of the Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad's proposal for control of the Baltimore & Ohio railroads . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prokofieff was guided in a consistent direction by the life of his own people -- by the compass of their national ideas . (Filtered Words: 0)
We find , for example , such groupings as the Five Ancient Rulers , the Five Sacred Mountains , the Five Directions ( with Center ) , the Five Metals , Five Colors , Five Tastes , Five Odors , Five Musical Notes , Five Bodily Functions , [FILTERED] , and many others . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] heading consists of orienting the sensitive axis of the accelerometers parallel to the desired coordinate system of the navigator . (Filtered Words: 1)
When dry they were fired to cone 06-05 . (Filtered Words: 0)
For use in formulas , fractions should be converted to their decimal equivalents . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was applied with a compost shredder made from a converted manure spreader . (Filtered Words: 0)
If communications work , his decision would be instantly known in all command posts that would originate the actual go order . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a difference in theological belief where there seems little chance of agreement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The First Christian Church of Pampa was the setting for the wedding last Sunday of Miss [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , who will live at 8861 Gaston after a wedding trip to New Orleans , La. (Filtered Words: 2)
7 , (Filtered Words: 0)
On Friday he will go to Portland for the swearing in of [FILTERED] as Multnomah County Circuit Judge . (Filtered Words: 1)
Magnum rim-fires . (Filtered Words: 0)
Willings was , presumably , a better than average shot . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were pushed gently into the room by [FILTERED] -- whose only part appearing were hands that crept quickly back around to the kitchen side of the door . (Filtered Words: 1)
The annual butchery of 40,000 American men , women and children to satiate its blood-lust is excessive ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For treatment of bloat , drug is fed at a higher level . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is one of the most entertaining and irresponsible novels of the season . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not mind the Line itself , which [FILTERED] declared in the House of Commons , on February 27 , 1945 , he had always believed to be `` just and right '' , but he did not want it called by a hated name . (Filtered Words: 1)
I shoot up through the roof , into the sky , past the clouds , through the stratosphere , out beyond the moon , out among the planets , until I am over a hundred and fifty million miles long . (Filtered Words: 0)
He bases his present contention on the general right to explore , indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've heard 10 million mentioned often , but I'm more inclined to think there may be a total of some five to seven million families camping . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thousands of buffalo ( `` bison '' they will never be to the man on the street ) grazing like a mobile brown throw-rug upon the rolling , dusty-green grassland . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over 1,000 returns were received within two weeks after the final mailing was made . (Filtered Words: 0)
That night a note written in [FILTERED]'s hand and dated from inside the captured city came to [FILTERED] stating that the Twentieth Corps was in possession of Atlanta . (Filtered Words: 2)
To stir cattle up and get 'em heated and excited was to `` mustard the cattle '' , and the act was called `` ginnin' 'em 'round '' , or `` chousin' 'em '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You don't see me stretched out on the deck , do you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't say anything , trying to get my throat clear , but I watched him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty did not go back to school . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , she continued to move upward . (Filtered Words: 0)
All seven combined ardent devotion to the cause of revolution with a profound respect for legality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Individual human strength is needed to pit against an inhuman condition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Men were killed in their camps , at their meals and in their sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
Underneath the big one , in the silent moonlight , lay a dead pigeon , and on the smaller bell , the Clemence , two gray and white birds slept huddled together in the cold winter air . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hoag stumbled back into the hall , leaned against the wall , and started to retch . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , I thought you knew everything about Tokyo . (Filtered Words: 1)
District Attorney [FILTERED] warned that he would vigorously prosecute persons caught committing these crimes or carrying arms -- he just didn't catch anyone . (Filtered Words: 1)
And very , very few were lost when the final connection was made to the control panels of ship or industrial combine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider the tense system . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] grabbed one of them by the shoulder and flung him away . (Filtered Words: 1)
2.1 observations (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] replied : (Filtered Words: 1)
Various of the apartments are of the terrace type , being on the ground floor so that entrance is direct . (Filtered Words: 0)
For you , readers , are an all-important part of the spiritual experiment that is [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
and regulatory policies aimed to attract the financial and managerial resources of foreign investment and to prevent excessive luxury consumption by a few . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second mistake is Tibet . (Filtered Words: 0)
They picnicked by the pool , then lay back on the grass and looked at stars . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why '' , said the teacher , `` art thou so late '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Du Pont would be denied the right to acquire any additional General Motors stock except through General Motors' distributions of stock or subscription rights to its stockholders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Telephone communication was bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several at the King [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But , darn it all , why should we help a couple of spoiled snobs who had looked down their noses at us ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I guess we both felt it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he still wanted to know why . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They won't talk about who gave the information . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1930 , they began making cotton processing equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
he memorized them thoroughly and then we tore them into tiny pieces and flushed them down . (Filtered Words: 0)
The law-abiding citizens of Petrie had gathered inside Kaster's Store , halfway down the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
One always wakes up , even from one's own dreams . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bullet went wide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just let me die in peace '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the son of the famous patriot , disagreed . (Filtered Words: 1)
But the Communists aided the Pathet Lao at an even faster rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , because of the particular blot on your family escutcheon through what may only have been one unbridled moment on your grandmother's part , and because you had the lean-to kitchen and trundle bed of your childhood to outgrow , what you obviously most desired with both your conscious and unconscious person , what you bent your whole will , sensibility , and intelligence upon , was to be a lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
The smaller the particle the further it will travel downwind before settling out . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] got in the left-hand lane and cut across the Boulevard divider . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had been pretty scared himself , wondering what the hell was coming off . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , at the same [FILTERED] , has something to cry about . (Filtered Words: 2)
they are difficult to counter , cost little to maintain until required , and can be put into place quickly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That was an awfully long two weeks '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It grows terribly and unavoidably in power and leaves in its wake a trail of misery , moral disintegration , and destruction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gyro angular momentum is defined by H . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as I straightened up with my duffel bag , I heard : `` Sahjunt Yoorick , meet Mrs. [FILTERED] [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
But there is a Hearst barrel . (Filtered Words: 0)
The authorities had to release him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hez looked up at the high face of Emigrant Rock , official signboard for the Raft River turnoff , and gloated , `` Seems funny that them Burnsides never took time to leave their [FILTERED] up thar '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s fingers put a little more pressure on the trigger of his gun . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Splendid . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had slapped their thighs . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll show you how wrong you are . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Call it mentally young ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Speaking of `` pride '' , he deplored the noncommissioned officer `` whose uniform looks like it belonged to someone who retired in 1940 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever the psychological truth in the Oedipus myth , an Oedipus who is drawn to his fate by irresistible external forces can carry the symbol of humanity and its archaic crime , and the incest that is unknowing renews the mystery of the eternal dream of childhood and absorbs us in the secret . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was stopped at the Taliesin gate , and [FILTERED] , now the estate foreman , came out to parley . (Filtered Words: 2)
Matsuo put the bottle to his own lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
She never could fit into a crowd which had known , which still knew and admired [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'm not worried about you mis-reading the dials , Nogol , just about a lug like you reading them at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said they were preparing to deport her as a vagabond , and to escape the shame she fled to the woods for several days , returning at night . (Filtered Words: 1)
Among the recipients of the Nobel Prize for Literature more than half are practically unknown to readers of English . (Filtered Words: 0)
A recent study on radiation exposure by the AEC's division of biology and medicine stated : `` The question of the biological effect of ( radiation ) doses is not considered '' herein . (Filtered Words: 0)
But whose requirements ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was kneeling to tie his shoelaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
This did not happen in counties of North Georgia , where the rivers run and make rich the bottom land . (Filtered Words: 0)
This recording surely belongs in everyone's collection . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to the interlibrary loan service and the children's program , headquarters has a public relations director who seeks to get wider grassroots support for quality library service in the county ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Newcomers of social note from other parts of the country are [FILTERED] , formerly of Panama ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was a psychologist all right . (Filtered Words: 1)
With great difficulty he made his way from his native Hungary to Geneva to renew his contacts as a member of the Provisional Committee for the World Council of Churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
With all his heart he had loved the Navy and now he must act in accordance with the Navy's implacable laws . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , I can only say this seems to me to follow from a wide , continuous , and properly guided exposure to literary art . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under these conditions a new generation of Europeans began to discover the bonds of long association and shared values that for so long had been subordinated to nationalist xenophobia . (Filtered Words: 0)
The test of form is fidelity to the experience , a gauge also accepted by the abstract expressionist painters . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You get the rest when I'm safely out of [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- Dynafac in a complete ration or 0.3 to 0.4 gram per head per day ( 200 grams of premix per ton complete ration or equivalent . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had the same gray eyes , high cheekbones , dark hair and a certain rugged ugliness . (Filtered Words: 1)
The fact seems to be that very many large branch stores are uneconomical , that the choice of location in the suburbs is as important as it was downtown , and that even highly suburbanized cities will support only so many big branches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exploratory mood (Filtered Words: 0)
No such political restraint subdues his blood when he gazes upon the State Department in anger . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you really believe that , Jan '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Zing '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1949 the Dixiecrats escaped unscathed after their 1948 rebellion against [FILTERED] , and in 1957 , after Congressman [FILTERED] campaigned for [FILTERED] in 1956 , his fellow Democrats did not touch his committee assignments , although they did strip him temporarily of his patronage . (Filtered Words: 3)
She wailed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part 3 , discusses the empirical relevance and policy implications of the conclusions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Large apartment buildings of masonry or concrete provide better natural shelter than the usual family dwellings . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no rice . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , p , 3 ( by Adios ) in 2:26 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
American democratic thought , pointed up the relation between the Protestant movement in this country and the development of a social religion , which he called the American Democratic Faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several dentists and patients with special dental problems have experimented with the device . (Filtered Words: 0)
A study of major denominational membership statistics over a twenty-year period revealed the appalling fact that nearly 40 per cent of those who joined the Church were lost to the Church within seven years . (Filtered Words: 0)
the positivists are plainly right in saying that such remarks do usually express feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
One does not have to look for distress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of its traditional lines , it probably has more kid appeal than any other model . (Filtered Words: 0)
It appears to be one of intense dislike , which he makes little effort to conceal even in the presence of Southern friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pansies I cherished most bloomed for me in February during a particularly cold winter . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( surname : Gerby ) , 23 , seems Hong Kong Oriental but has a Spanish father and an Indian mother , was born in America and educated at Holy Cross Academy and Textile High School , says she learned belly dancing at family picnics . (Filtered Words: 1)
United Nations Day is the birthday of the United Nations , mankind's noblest attempt to establish lasting peace with justice ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
See You May Claim A Refund , Page 135 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But tell me , doctor , where do you plan to conduct the hatching '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Many English Catholics are proud of their Catholicism and know that they are in a new ascendancy . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had to clear his throat . (Filtered Words: 1)
The distracted [FILTERED] would agree to a settlement through her legal representative , then change her mind and make another attack on [FILTERED] as a person . (Filtered Words: 2)
An essay on `` Freedom '' written at 10 years of age quoted the Declaration of Independence , the freedom given to slaves in Canada , and the views of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
If you plan to visit any of these countries , you can obtain your International Driving Permit before you leave at a nominal fee -- around $3.00 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In a year she'll like living in Clayton's house too much to come back to me '' , [FILTERED] said flatly . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Good old A-Z '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
The stepmother , almost without exception , has been presented as a cruel ogress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , it is even surprising in the Canon of Christ Church and Regius Professor of Ecclesiastical History , who fathered this most peculiar view , and in the brilliant Professor of Medieval and [FILTERED] at Cambridge , who inherited it and is now its most eminent proponent . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rachel gave me a direct , bright-eyed look . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first rattle of the machine guns , at 7:10 in the evening , roused around me the varied voices and faces of fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll see you around later '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Length of the shaft of these arrows may be evaluated according to the standard deviation values for each center in Table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does the surface hide a quite different picture ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
To include in feed , add phenothiazine to supply 0.5 to 1 gram per sheep daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
They , too , have links with the city's ills . (Filtered Words: 0)
Initially we will import the thermoelectric materials and modules from France but later we will manufacture in this country . (Filtered Words: 0)
And because fortune had favored neither the prisoner nor the red-haired captain , they would be each other's undoing . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Food may act as a sedative , giving temporary emotional solace , just as , for some people , alcohol does . (Filtered Words: 0)
The power was off for about five minutes in houses along Smith Street as far away as Fruit Hill Avenue shortly before 5 p.m. when the accident occurred . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among infants the patterns of emotional responses are similar ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a light in Black's front room , but drawn curtains prevented any view of the interior . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a particularly marvelous opportunity for study in this area since almost every stage of pregnancy was represented , from a childless couple to and including every trimester . (Filtered Words: 0)
it has been estimated that spending by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration will rise from less than $500 million in fiscal 1960 to more than $2 billion by 1967 , and that the electronic industry's share of these expenditures will be closer to 50% than the current 20% . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , every device that can be employed to reduce the number of variables is of the greatest value , and it is one of the attractive features of dynamic programming that room is left for ingenuity in using the special features of the problem to this end . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reverend [FILTERED] was understandably bitter . (Filtered Words: 1)
The couple was married Aug. 2 , 1913 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then there are the trustees and officers of the great educational foundations , who inevitably exert an influence on educational decisions by their support or refusal to support various educational programs , experiments , and demonstrations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some students from the University returned around six with a large pot containing enough hot soup to last me a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
All model cars are not available in all countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) Af moves away from C and does not intersect it at all for Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] drew a base on balls to fill the bases but [FILTERED] smash was knocked down by [FILTERED] for the putout . (Filtered Words: 3)
Like certain expensive restaurants , just sitting there gave you the illusion of being wealthy yourself . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this final line , we have the key to his nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
The shot reverberated in diminishing whiplashes of sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I see there are some cars here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] spent more time in her bedroom among her doll collection . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had hoped to be alone in the bombproof , but the soldier had followed him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Zion stayed to get my pin , but it'll be a cold day in June when I go back '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But leave me alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have developed an ingenious method of interlocking these so that you can make the major part of your house in your own workshop , panel by panel , according to plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rexroth and Patchen are far apart musically and poetically in their experiments . (Filtered Words: 0)
The corporation in America is in reality our form of socialism , vying in a sense with the other socialistic form that has emerged within governmental bureaucracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
But after all , you never learned anything else '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
At four-o'clock , or four-thirty , the coming of the newsboy marked the end of the day ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Those sweet girls ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In considering BW defense , it must be recognized that a number of critical meterological parameters must be met for an aerosol to exhibit optimum effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here it is ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
You want him to be a leader of men , like you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] found [FILTERED] watching chuck-a-luck . (Filtered Words: 2)
A splendid vote of confidence in Thayer , [FILTERED] reflected . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , 23 , of 7026 [FILTERED]. , a CTA bus driver , was slugged and robbed last night by a group of youths at 51st Street and South Park Way . (Filtered Words: 2)
Class Three , they said . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Starting the second nine , [FILTERED] was already four strokes behind Player and knew it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Seven Founders -- [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] -- determined the destinies of the new nation . (Filtered Words: 7)
Following the glorious lead of the heroes of Pawtuxet , they also submitted themselves to the protection of Massachusetts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remove jar from mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] kept his smile fixed , but some small inner disturbance was working on him as he thought again about [FILTERED] , who was eight or ten years older than the girl . (Filtered Words: 2)
Tennis Club participates in a dual tennis tournament with the University of Minnesota each fall , and also sponsors a two-day state invitational tennis meet at [FILTERED] in May . (Filtered Words: 1)
But that was a long time ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was safe to assume that Papa , sighing heavily , had said many times to his remaining daughter , `` Thank God your poor mother was spared this '' , and indeed it might be true that it had been easier for Henrietta to leave , with her hand in Charles' hand , just because her `` poor mother '' was gone already and would never know . (Filtered Words: 0)
more chapters of [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The Pedersen kid . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe , therefore , that we are without exception sinners , by nature alienated from God , and that Jesus Christ , the Son of God , came to earth , the representative Head of a new race , to die upon the cross and pay the penalty of the sin of the world , and that he who thus receives Christ as his personal [FILTERED] is `` born again '' spiritually , with new privileges , appetites , and affections , destined to live and grow in His likeness forever . (Filtered Words: 1)
Much of the older experimental work on respiratory infections was accomplished by very artificial procedures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Continuing glibly in this vein , he paused to comfort her : (Filtered Words: 0)
When we come upon the rabbit and make our remark about its suffering being a bad thing , we presumably make it with some feeling ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Rummaging in the dew '' , said [FILTERED] coldly . (Filtered Words: 1)
For an experiment to qualify as a binomial experiment , it must have four properties : ( 1 ) there must be a fixed number of trials , ( 2 ) each trial must result in a `` success '' or a `` failure '' ( a binomial trial ) , ( 3 ) all trials must have identical probabilities of success , ( 4 ) the trials must be independent of each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
The medical examiner states that death was due to `` natural causes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Surely she was just a trifle fatter around the middle ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The men mewed and scratched , begging to be taken away . (Filtered Words: 0)
The students who are most willing to acquiesce in the suppression of civil liberties are also those who are most likely to be prejudiced against minority groups , to be conformist and traditionalistic in general social attitudes , and to lack a basic faith in people . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the author , who seemed the embodiment of France's rising spirit of resistance to her conquerors , was much complimented for his daring military action . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said to the Secretary , `` I understand you came from a little Pennsylvania town near Wilkes-Barre . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the Fund in hand , the debt on the boilers had been paid ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He made the mistake of answering in an offhand way , and instantly realized that his skepticism must have showed in his face or voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
While I was sitting at one of the rewrite telephones with my derby and my great beard , Arthur Brisbane whizzed in with some editorial copy in his hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
Set aside to dry with lid on sugar bowl . (Filtered Words: 0)
suffocating air sapped their strength and strained their nerves to snapping ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
wept day and night for the sins and blindness of the world had a long walk through the trees and woods by his house , where he constantly walked morning and evening , and even in the depths of the night , alone by himself , for contemplation and the enjoyment of the dispensation of light . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If the day should ever come that foreign invaders swarm ashore along the Gulf Coast '' , the account reads , `` they can count on heavy opposition from a group of commando-trained telephone employees -- all girls . (Filtered Words: 0)
especially if one is travelling or dining out a great deal , their importance mounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Qui s'excuse s'accuse , as the French Jewish intellectuals used to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twice during the Civil War it was saved from destruction by the opposing armies by the pleas and prayers of a local minister . (Filtered Words: 0)
The noise stunned her . (Filtered Words: 0)
There should be no draft exemption because of Peace Corps service . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lighting one he pitched it into the crevice , and the lioness left off mauling the dogs and departed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bobbie said something about damned Pittsburghers sticking together , and [FILTERED] got angry at him . (Filtered Words: 1)
the Geddes MacGregors , formerly of Scotland , and Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , formerly of Switzerland . (Filtered Words: 1)
She dashes around in alarm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Week-end activities for the entire campus are planned by the Co-op Board . (Filtered Words: 0)
After that everything should be simpler . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was it . (Filtered Words: 0)
total disinterest (Filtered Words: 0)
And this , of course , is exactly what Madison Avenue has been accused of doing albeit in a primitive way , with its `` hidden persuaders '' and what the space merchants accomplish with much greater sophistication and precision . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have Af , plus tangent points . (Filtered Words: 0)
An aggressive woman wants a man to demand , not knuckle under . (Filtered Words: 0)
It required both a quick and swift hoss and a darin' rider . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They're ugly and I hate them '' , the boy insisted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We also do a number of things to build up the prestige of the engineer as a ' professional ' and also to give public recognition to individual technical competence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of more importance to the West than Poland's boundaries was the character of her government . (Filtered Words: 0)
In our work the best procedure for removing substances causing nonspecific staining in order to obtain specific conjugates was to pass the conjugates through a DEAE-cellulose column and in some cases to absorb the first and second milliliter fractions with sweet clover tissue powder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eight aircraft in this small box . (Filtered Words: 0)
It rarely speaks as a unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Negligence , hell '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Tibet may bleed China as Algeria is bleeding France . (Filtered Words: 0)
The child understands no . (Filtered Words: 0)
All the bars are cut from Af brass . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of this background of hunting and fishing , it was only natural that [FILTERED] first painted subjects he knew best : hunters in the field , fishermen in the stream , ducks and geese on the wing -- almost always against a vast backdrop of weather landscape . (Filtered Words: 1)
Below is a specific guide , keyed to the calendar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fixed installations offer possibilities for area detection . (Filtered Words: 0)
We , in our country , think of war as an external threat which , if it occurs , will not be primarily of our own doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] smiled at him often , but there was no love in this place . (Filtered Words: 1)
He indicates that he has none of the , disciplines that criticism requires , including education ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The mayor envisioned factories there . (Filtered Words: 0)
of course , I was willing . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they came to Mr. [FILTERED]'s photograph , twenty by twelve inches in a curly silver frame , Miss [FILTERED] said , `` By rights I ought to leave that , seeing he won't take my clotheshorse '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` It's a kind of agreement in which each party gives something to the other '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
the other , for the most part , true . (Filtered Words: 0)
She came down against him , and he tried to break her fall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unless the Administration and the Defense Department have been deceiving us , the facts do not support the assertion that we are `` compelled '' to resume atmospheric testing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Use of nomenclature , symbols , units , physical constants : (Filtered Words: 0)
Transportation and parking (Filtered Words: 0)
On the highway he relaxed and enjoyed the drive over Lake Pontchartrain and along the coast . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd have to start going to some of the other places again . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] talked very little about himself except for the infrequent times when he used a personal illustration in connection with another subject . (Filtered Words: 1)
He then sold her some capsules that he asserted would take care of the tumors and cysts until she could collect the money for buying his machine . (Filtered Words: 0)
The photochemical reaction cells consisted of 10 mm. i.d. Pyrex tubing , 5.5 cm. long , diffraction effects being minimized by the fact that the light passed through only liquid-glass interfaces and not gas-glass interfaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you one of these ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The submarine has increased its effectiveness by several orders of magnitude since World War 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
That community of all creation is , then , the ultimate object of our loyalty and the concrete norm of all moral judgment . (Filtered Words: 0)
By comparing reaction cells sealed from the same manifold temperature dependency corresponding to activation energies ranging from 11 to 18 Af was observed while dependence on the first power of the light intensity seemed to be indicated in most cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there are indications that many developing nations will welcome Peace Corps volunteers , and that if the volunteers are well chosen , they will soon demonstrate their value and make many friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the attack was made from an advance copy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would allow presentation to the public of a unified approach . (Filtered Words: 0)
As an aid in the prevention of bacterial diarrhea ( scours ) , feed 50 grams per ton of complete feed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not simply giving a repetition of the program it gave during its New York engagement earlier this season , but has brought back many of the numbers that were on the bill when it paid us its first visit and won everybody's heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , expert in switchgear design , for a long period vp & gm of the Measurements & Industrial Products Division , and who currently , approaching retirement , is vice-president and consulting engineer in the Switchgear & Control Division . (Filtered Words: 1)
The voice crying in him was the voice of guilt . (Filtered Words: 0)
People today are aware of the value of orthodontics , and as a result there are more practitioners in the field . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , he would bring the [FILTERED] safely into New York harbor but at a price . (Filtered Words: 1)
Just to remind the Communists that the bombs dropped on Japan were to end a war not start one . (Filtered Words: 0)
And one of the best services available to the people who try to raise and can meat , to plant , grow vegetables and put them up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once these conditions of international law are met , countries that try to run the blockade do so at their own risk . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the particular form of conceptualization which popular imagination had made in response to the experience of spirit was undoubtedly defective , the raw experience itself which led to such excesses remains with us as vividly as ever . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a story headed , `` Hearst Offers Cash '' , the Republican New York Tribune spread the money rumor , quoting an unnamed `` Hearst supporter '' as saying : (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , Bern decrees that we must do as we are ordered by the Council , preach only the word of God and stop meddling in politics '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She would look at [FILTERED] , with that hidden something in her eyes , and [FILTERED] would see the Woman and become breathless and a little sick . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] had been in the green room . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the Notre Dame report , reference was made to the fact that faculty members were reduced to `` luncheon-table communication '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And listening to such a conversation one morning while taking a cup of chocolate in a cafe , Rousseau found himself bathed in perspiration , trembling lest his authorship become known , and at the same time dreaming of the startling effect he would make if he should proclaim himself suddenly as the composer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] poked at it gingerly with his foot . (Filtered Words: 1)
the splashes of light and black which fake drapery in the fashionable imitators of Hals and Sargent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It is no time '' , he writes , `` to talk with Hints and Innuendos , but openly and honestly to profess our Sentiments before our Enemies have compleated and put their Designs in Execution against us '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In simpler terms , it amounts to pointing the platform in the proper direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man did not wish to leave . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think you're wrong , Eddie '' , he said finally . (Filtered Words: 0)
Walitzee whitened his leggings with clay , knowing the girl watched from her place in the trees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes sir ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A Barrette Swiss pattern file is handy since its triangular shape with only one cutting face will allow you to work a surface without marring an adjoining one . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American dream (Filtered Words: 0)
Her statement certainly was true ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , it is small enough to get into crevices , jacket and crown margins , malposed anteriors , and the back teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
By now Harmony could see that most of the adults in the train were winded and resting , or else siphoned off from the games by the challenging lure of the great cliff towering above them . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] followed Eddie into the office and shut the door . (Filtered Words: 1)
not like the cracker-box construction of so many of the motel units that have stucco all over the outside but walls that are thin enough so you can hear every movement of the people in the adjoining apartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The discoid shapes of sun and moon were also felt to indicate the shape of celestial things . (Filtered Words: 0)
In New York , [FILTERED] welcomed him enthusiastically : `` I have lately heard of you from the Legislature of Louisiana , and felt joy at your public recognition of the brotherhood of man '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It's out in the Northeast section . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there are at least two reasons for contemplating one's mind in even a cracked mirror . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the process of refusing to think about it was an active reminder in itself and he couldn't rid himself of a consciousness of it throughout the day . (Filtered Words: 0)
The I. A. P. A. found itself driven from journalism into politics as it did its best to bring about the downfall of the Castro Government and the return of the Cuban press to the freedom it knew before Batista's dictatorship began in 1952 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Colt revolver in her brain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Think , for example , of the spirit of the Marine Corps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Price support loans may total another $1 billion this year . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she was afraid the First Lady would not understand , because [FILTERED] was a perfect angel with the First Family . (Filtered Words: 1)
He knows that he must give the expert his place , but he knows that he must also keep him in it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Soccer Club was organized by undergraduate men interested in playing soccer and promoting the sport . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the concept of high fidelity became important some dozen years ago , the claims of technical improvements have multiplied tenfold . (Filtered Words: 0)
in August of 1960 , he sold seven . (Filtered Words: 0)
With its history standing astride all but the very beginnings of the industrial revolution , Brown & Sharpe has become over the years a singular monument to the mechanical foresight of its founder , [FILTERED] , and a world-renowned synonym for precision and progress in metalworking technology . (Filtered Words: 1)
To the extent that the new Administration has its wishes , the Federal Reserve would conduct its open market operations throughout the entire maturity range of Government securities and aggressively seek to force down long-term interest rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inside , as soon as Mr. [FILTERED] had disclosed -- in a hoarse whisper -- the detective's errand , his family gathered in a huddle , forming a mass of dark flesh on and around a brocaded sofa which stood at one side of a baroque fireplace . (Filtered Words: 1)
Basic needs (Filtered Words: 0)
The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire , and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Alice '' , she echoed mockingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clothes hold their shape better , and mildew and rust become almost forgotten words . (Filtered Words: 0)
so that , although not as eager as I once was to be disapproved of , I can still resist prevailing opinions . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that moment the bathroom door flew open and [FILTERED] came out , with his face lathered for shaving , and strode down the hall , tying the sash of his dressing gown as he went . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was the House pariah . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED] , already two quiet demands down , still refused Thursday to be drawn into delivering a public ultimatum to Moscow . (Filtered Words: 1)
An alphabetical list of chemical and mineralogical names with reference numbers enables one to find a particular crystal description . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , no richer humor is to be found in the whole of American literature than in the letters of the semi-literate men who wore the blue and the gray . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among Bourbons the racial issue may have less to do with their remaining unreconstructed than other factors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Welch was on edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] was busy most of the time courting this girl and that . (Filtered Words: 1)
but even in that famous passage , [FILTERED] was aiming not at the theatricals as such but at their performance by ' persons either enter'd , or presently to enter into the ministry . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then came their bathroom , and then a bedroom that , judging by the photographs on the walls , must belong to Mme Cestre . (Filtered Words: 0)
The depersonalization continued as the dancer was further metamorphosed by the play of lights upon his figure . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the making of selections on the basis of excellence requires that any foundation making the selections shall have available the judgments of a corps of advisors whose judgments are known to be good : such judgments can be known to be good only by the records of those selected , by records made subsequent to their selection over considerable periods of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In any case , anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White Citizens' Councils in the entire state of Mississippi against every local Philco dealer in that state , in protest against a Philco-sponsored program over a national TV network on which was presented a drama showing , it seemed , a `` high yellow gal '' smooching with a white man . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is true that they are also extremely dull . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the fault , of course , was [FILTERED]'s . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] resisted [FILTERED]'s attempt to push him toward the horse . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Easy '' , Nogol confirmed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't forget whiskey ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
So be it -- then we must embark on a crash program for 200-megaton bombs of the common or hydrogen variety , and neutron bombs , which do not exist but are said to be the coming thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked Rawlins . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Associations sponsor many traditional campus events and provide students with opportunities to form new friendships , to broaden their interests , and to engage in worthwhile service projects . (Filtered Words: 0)
One day the dogs of Ireland will do that too and perhaps also the pigs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kerr , who set the world record earlier this month in New York with a clocking of 1.09.3 , wiped out Mills's early pace and beat the young Big 10 quarter-mile king by 5 yards . (Filtered Words: 0)
9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were struck by the notable absence of banana skins and beer cans , but just so that we wouldn't go overboard on Greek refinement , perfection was side-stepped by a couple of braying portable radios . (Filtered Words: 0)
They succeeded in eluding the curious at the hotel , but there was no chance of avoiding them at the nightclub . (Filtered Words: 0)
I used to love this country and believe that someday we'd win our battle for equality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Average consumer is becoming more sophisticated regarding product and advertising claims , partly because of widespread criticism of such assertions . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was nude to the waist and her tumbled abundance of black hair did not conceal the knife slashes on her back . (Filtered Words: 0)
His cause was to commemorate the glory of her past and to incite her people to perpetuate it in the present . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once the Old Man had had a wife . (Filtered Words: 0)
In these shelters the entrance should be not more than 2 feet wide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somewhere birds were sweetly calling , were answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
A beginner's shotgun has also been introduced this year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Either lay the components aside in proper order or code them with numbers and letters so they may be replaced in their proper positions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pending the reorganization of our foreign aid structure and program , the Peace Corps should be established as an agency in the Department of State . (Filtered Words: 0)
I came to warn you of a plot '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Microscopic examination (Filtered Words: 0)
A number of them must have fallen into disfavor ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
More than twenty-four hundred years old , bruised , battered , worn and partially destroyed , combining to an astounding degree solidity and grace , it still stands , incomparable testimony to man's aspiration . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sleeps on a green studio couch in the living room . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Impossible '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next time we saw him , he was a changed person ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Production may fall far below expectations . (Filtered Words: 0)
He whispered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nature's aim , different from ours , is to provide for the coming generation . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , darn it all , why should we help a couple of spoiled snobs who had looked down their noses at us ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A 14-power conference on Laos should then meet on May 5 , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
I doubt if anyone holds such ideas today . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tappets and locking bars (Filtered Words: 0)
It transcends the glaring fact that the Elizabethans mixed tragedy and comedy whereas the Greeks kept the two modes severely distinct . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do we ourselves offer Mr. [FILTERED] less of a crusade ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The details of the removal process are shown schematically in Fig. 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Them new to the country were referred to as `` pilgrims '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is one danger , however . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tilghman flung himself aside , dropped on one knee and pulled his own gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are other dangers : (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all of Palfrey's slaves were aboard the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In your editorial of Sept. 30 `` The Smoldering Congo '' you make the following comment : `` Far too many states are following the Russian example in refusing to pay their assessments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Countin' each grazin' bunch of cattle where it was found on the range and driftin' it back so that it didn't mix with the uncounted cattle was called a `` range count '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The car spun around again , [FILTERED] said , before Stickney could turn north in Prairie Avenue , and then violated two stop lights as he traveled north into Wilmette in Prairie . (Filtered Words: 1)
Conrad's words had intellectual meaning for him only . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously [FILTERED]'s early years were influenced by his close friend [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Before considering these elements in more detail , an additional requirement should be stated . (Filtered Words: 0)
All that day and Monday I drank just enough to orbit but not make deep space . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , in a more favorable vein , general business activity should receive some stimulus from rising Federal spending , and the reduction in business inventories has probably run a good part of its course . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ten thousand zlotys '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gilborn's secretary ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm an advertising hustler , I admit , but I have to get hot once in a larger sphere . (Filtered Words: 0)
The truth on each side won in the civil war (Filtered Words: 0)
Having persisted too long in deliberate ignorance and denial of the forces that threatened her , [FILTERED] was relieved now to admit their potency and to be taking definite steps toward grappling with them . (Filtered Words: 1)
These letters became the center of my existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Knowledge that thousands of school districts are involved and observation that school desegregation has occurred in only a handful in 1959-1960 leads to a conclusion that desegregation-from-court-order is slow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , for junior aides ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
It is possible that the study of literature affects the conscience , the morality , the sensitivity to some code of `` right '' and `` wrong '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was not a particularly shocking or unexpected thing -- it was previously known to her that it might happen . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Key '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He even hunted elephant , although the Asian elephant is not quite as ferocious as his African cousin . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Look , an old man . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1910 it required the convening of a special three-judge court for the issuance of certain injunctions and allowed direct appeals to the Supreme Court . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a pause in the merriment as your friends gaze at you , wondering why you are staring , open-mouthed in amazement . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is these other differences between North and South -- other , that is , than those which concern discrimination or social welfare -- which I chiefly discuss herein . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If asked to choose between a terrible probability and a more terrible possibility , most men will choose the latter '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some people love to crack tile and it's amazing what beautiful designs they come up with as a result of their cracking good time . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wants your ranch '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( But that is another story . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's some kind of a nemesis haunting his footsteps '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recently I visited the very remarkable Pilgrim School for retarded children . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who's in there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Fromm says these data show that job dissatisfaction and resentment are widespread . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He guzzled down three-quarters of the strong home-blend and proffered the remainder . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jungle did not retort . (Filtered Words: 0)
It made no sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Doctor '' [FILTERED] asked her to lie down on a bed and remove her shoes . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Eh , Torino ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Ann thrilled to the sight of a delicate butterfly and two strange tropical birds . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` From a man in St. Louis '' , Wilson said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ch. 12 . (Filtered Words: 0)
On a shelf in the office behind the counter was a small radio dialed permanently on a station which broadcast only vulgar commercials and cheap popular music . (Filtered Words: 0)
Great professors do not automatically reproduce themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
make research and training grants ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't save the anti-freeze , even if it the expensive `` permanent '' type . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not look at them now . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it was nothing more than that . (Filtered Words: 0)
only to the other fellow . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am a great deal at the little children's Hospital . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another great danger is that the emerging middle class will feel itself increasingly alienated from the political leaders who still justify their dominance by reference to the struggle for independence or the early phase of nationalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remarks of Hon. [FILTERED] of Illinois (Filtered Words: 1)
As if this was a signal , Poet abruptly began to thrash the water and the quick movement slowly made them sink through the water . (Filtered Words: 0)
They gathered roots , bulbs , odd ferns , leaves , and bits of resin from the rare Santa Lucia fir , which exists only on a forty-five mile strip on the westerly side of these mountains . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Aristotle kept the principle of levels and even augmented it by describing in the Poetics what kinds of character and action must be imitated if the play is to be a vehicle of serious and important human truths . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes he woke up in the middle of the night thinking of Ann , and then could not get back to sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
Continuing with the case in which **zg is a Af curve on a quadric Q , we first observe that the second regulus of Q consists precisely of the lines which join the two free intersections of **zg and the planes through any one of the multiple secants . (Filtered Words: 0)
The scholarship plan would provide federal contributions to each medical and dental school equal to $1,500 a year for one-fourth of the first year students . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later they would be hoisted into place . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Billions of American dollars , not only from capital investors but also from the pockets of U.S. taxpayers '' , this author states , `` are being poured into South Africa to support a system dedicated to the oppression , the persecution , and the almost diabolical exploitation of 12 million people the color of whose skins happens not to be white '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Old Man's son threw himself down , belly first , upon a concrete step , taking in the coolness of it , and dreaming of the day he would be rich . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm not unhappy '' , I lied , staring at the snow . (Filtered Words: 0)
hands to guide or restrain ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly , any line , l , of any bundle having one of these points of tangency , T , as vertex will be transformed into the entire pencil having the image of the second intersection of L and Q as vertex and lying in the plane determined by the image point and the generator of Af which is tangent to **zg at T . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who will say that our country is even now a homogeneous community ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If a child with an I.Q. of 120 scored 5.5 in achievement , his discrepancy score would be , representing of one year of over-achievement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Manchester Guardian wondered how anyone in a railway carriage would have an opportunity to talk to Mr. [FILTERED] , since it was well known that Mr. [FILTERED] always did all of the talking . (Filtered Words: 2)
Elaine nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Communist guerrillas recently have been reported increasing their activities and the great flood of the Mekong River has interposed a new crisis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as it has its [FILTERED] , though nobody'd ever bothered to tell me that . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It doesn't drown out the dialogue '' , I explained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dolores Hart , is charming in a leading role , and quite believable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Industry costs (Filtered Words: 0)
These principles , however , will not be served by violence in any form . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , [FILTERED] thought a little sadly , these were the fees of poverty and ambition . (Filtered Words: 1)
When he realized she was dead , he called two lawyers and then the police . (Filtered Words: 0)
The father , accurately perceiving the child's needs , not only respected them as worthy of his attention , but immediately satisfied them by taking him on his lap along with the twins , saying , `` I have a big lap ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Life-preservers , the buckle-on kapok-filled kind , are held in readiness , too , for the very young . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some tried to ignore the blot on the bedroom's countenance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Less common seeds used in cooking and beverages include fenugreek ( artificial maple flavor ) and cardamom . (Filtered Words: 0)
But due to the many applicants on file , would he co-operate and write a personal letter giving them his son's motivation , interests and his qualifications for leadership ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
if [FILTERED] agreed , they would get a car and tour the country , visiting every kind of industrial center . (Filtered Words: 1)
The posse's retreat encouraged the Mexicans to be overbearing and impudent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Things may smooth over yet '' , [FILTERED] said , his nice lean face grave with honest concern . (Filtered Words: 1)
Most of the directors nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet for much of the globe , Hollywood is just that -- prime , if not sole , source of knowledge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still a demurrer or two must be entered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frequently , wittingly or unwittingly , price-consciousness has been fostered by manufacturers , distributors , and dealers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , does this sound like a truly workable plan to you ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a disaster ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
a tiny cake of ice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other provisions of the Act empower the Secretary to adopt regulations necessary to carry out its provisions , and he has done so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boils have always been a source of much trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was standing in a thick grove . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is reserved for the squares . (Filtered Words: 0)
Farmers , for these purposes , have until February 15 , 1962 , to file Form 1040 and pay the tax in full for the calendar year 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
New simplified packaged units , recently devised prefabricated glass-fiber ducts , and improved add-on techniques make it possible to acquire a system for an 1800-square-foot house for as little as $600 to $900 . (Filtered Words: 0)
All these emotions were screwed up to new heights when , after acceptance and the first rehearsals , there ensued such a buzz of excitement among Parisian music lovers that [FILTERED] had to come running to Rousseau to inform him that the news had reached the superintendent of the King's amusements , and that he was now demanding that the work be offered first at the royal summer palace of Fontainebleau . (Filtered Words: 1)
It made her look sweet and schoolgirlish , I was excited to be with her , but I did not know how to express it . (Filtered Words: 0)
In situations of this sort the board generally favors the expansion of free education . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm no hero . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is apparently by symbols that the unconscious speaks to the conscious , and the medium has to translate these into meaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
and whether these would qualify them for `` congenial '' , `` happy '' relations to other people in certain community areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Laban had more to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the Spanish steps (Filtered Words: 0)
Her hesitation was only momentary and she hoped he didn't notice it , as she settled herself , asked quickly how [FILTERED] and the babies were getting on . (Filtered Words: 1)
The sensing of this rotation by the X gyro can be utilized to direct the platform into proper heading . (Filtered Words: 0)
For one thing , this is not a subject often discussed or analyzed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The expectation is that first-level supervisors will be selected in approximately equal numbers from the second and third engineering level , with very few coming from the first level . (Filtered Words: 0)
With respect to those countries whose leaders prefer to live with their illusions , we can afford to wait , for in time their comparative lack of progress will become clear for all to see . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said : (Filtered Words: 1)
There apparently is no school of propaganda or psychological warfare . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only '' a New York hick would expect to find the literary life in Greenwich Village , at any point , later than Walt Whitman's day . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it is precisely in this poorer economic class that one finds , and has always found , the most racial friction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last May , they said , she admitted being a prostitute . (Filtered Words: 0)
This masterpiece has gaiety , too , but it is the gaiety of dancing people : earthy , salty and humorous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pansies are gluttons . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jury , judge and executioner were riding the range in the form of a single unknown figure that could materialize anywhere , at any time , to dispense an ancient brand of justice the men of the new West had believed long outdated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The male chorus of the [FILTERED] sings [FILTERED] in fine style . (Filtered Words: 2)
A tangent point Q in the C-plane occurs when C and Af are tangent to one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
He occupied a two-bedroom apartment on the fourth floor , using the second bedroom as his office . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in its engineers' frantic attempts to achieve maximum dynamic impact and earsplitting brilliance , the recording sounds as though it had been `` doctored for super-high fidelity '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor [FILTERED] said last night he plans to name a committee to make the study and come up with recommendations for possible changes in time for the next session of the General Assembly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fort Lauderdale (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the Journal-American sports columnist ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Both the extent to which this is true and the limits of the field of perceptual skill involved should be acknowledged . (Filtered Words: 0)
I myself had been up there by seven o'clock , after mushrooms , since there'd been a week of rain which had stopped early that morning and the day was as clear as Sandwich glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
In my estimation , we definitely do ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Pale yellow snapdragons that by pinching could be made to bite ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He nodded , clasping and unclasping his hands over his paunch , and flicked glances at me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alfred began to put his affairs in order , and he went about it like a man putting his things into storage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Has not that way been lit always by the lamp of liberalism up until the turning back under [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't know what we're going to do , Miss [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` He's leavin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both these types , and those in between , are in existence by reason of a legislative interest in libraries that began at Albany as early as 1950 , with the creation by the legislature of county library systems financed by county governments with matching funds from the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anything else ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
ground together they made a strong adhesive , which became waterproof in drying . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a new [FILTERED] and the Vatican was making itself heard and felt these days . (Filtered Words: 1)
The poor , unlucky -- (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Grubb '' , Felix whispered . (Filtered Words: 0)
A working concept of the organic evolution of community must lead us in a different direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
For once his touch deserted him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others left the country , and there was no one familiar with the Indian trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is pertinent to ask the question : Has the long upswing of interest rates during the past 15 years just about run its course , and are we now entering a period in which both capital market forces and Federal policies will produce a prolonged decline of interest rates ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Time to become afraid . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] roared . (Filtered Words: 1)
You've not seemed like them , but maybe you are . (Filtered Words: 0)
The table on page 10 shows costs of canning and freezing meat , and estimated costs for irradiation under certain assumed conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
) A sensual man , but very courteous , some would say slick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over a relatively short period of time , usually about four to twelve weeks , the worker must be able to shift the focus , back and forth , between immediate external stressful exigencies ( `` precipitating stress '' ) and the key , emotionally relevant issues ( `` underlying problem '' ) which are , often in a dramatic preconscious breakthrough , reactivated by the crisis situation , and hence once again amenable to resolution . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not until long after the war -- 1950 , in fact -- did they get a hint of the reason . (Filtered Words: 0)
Buying a farm (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What are you talking about , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Within the individual the reaction has been called various names , all , however , pointing to the same basic experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She married our baby boy , [FILTERED] , this summer '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rinsing the sections with PBS before layering the intermediate sera did not improve the staining reaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
For last-ditch emergencies SAC has alternate command posts on KC-135 jet tankers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just figures out of a tribal folklore . (Filtered Words: 0)
he was talking to himself thirteen to the dozen and smoking two cigars at once , clearly a man in extremis . (Filtered Words: 0)
One species of ambiguity tries to baffle by interweaving repetition . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am selling the stuff of which is made one of the Great American Dreams -- wall-to-wall carpeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
After trimming off the excess on the frames and transom which was used to fasten them to the jig at a working height , the top of the side planking is installed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Probably '' , said Henrietta dryly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The Forgotten War '' his soldiers called the Burma fighting because the war in Africa and Europe enjoyed priorities in equipment and in headlines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most Europeans have been exercising newborn infants for centuries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Af is instrumentally determined . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyone familiar with the details of the [FILTERED] hearings must at once realize that the sweetheart arrangements augmented employer profits far more than they augmented the earnings of the corruptible labor leaders . (Filtered Words: 1)
Reply : (Filtered Words: 0)
The phrasing is irregular , and the abrupt key changes have a primitive forcefulness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fairmount Park Commission (Filtered Words: 0)
The most intriguing aspect of the S & W Magnum chambered for the new Jet is that it can also fire standard (Filtered Words: 0)
Ideas we must have , and we seek them everywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
The males are much duller . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What brings you here again , Colonel [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
But competent observers believe he is making progress , particularly toward what Sen. [FILTERED] lists as the primary need -- `` a clearer understanding of where our vital national interests lie and what we must do to promote them '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Chance , he finds , enables him to create `` a world beyond imagination '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the enmities it will incur , the isolation into which it will descend , and the internal moral and spiritual softness that will be engendered , will , in the long term , bring it to economic and political disaster . (Filtered Words: 0)
If these services are to be maintained , the New York Central must have the revenues to make them possible '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whole platoons were taking up new positions on the steps , arriving and departing , while I stayed glued , like a signpost , to one spot . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has also an extraordinary conscience . (Filtered Words: 0)
I come early in the morning '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place the specimen in the wash wheel with sufficient other similar fabric to make a dry load of Af pounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
We seemed to be drowsing , sadly , soberly , in the cold , cold air while the snow fell . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I shall call your father ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Aside from this , the average portion contains some protein , an appreciable amount of vitamins A and C -- about one-tenth of the minimum daily requirement , and about a third of the official vitamin E requirement . (Filtered Words: 0)
For inhibiting the sprouting of root vegetables -- 4,000 to 10,000 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of you are familiar , I'm sure , with the story of my early struggles : the fire in January , 1947 , that destroyed everything -- even our precious list of subscribers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Erikson has noted that , unless this trust developed early , the time ambivalence experienced , in varying degree and temporarily , by all adolescents ( as a result of their remembering the more immediate gratification of wants during childhood , while not yet having fully accepted the long-range planning required by adulthood ) may develop into a more permanent sense of time diffusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Crystallographic , physical , optical , and chemical properties . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Tibet may bleed China as Algeria is bleeding France . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two hundred and nineteen were received from 35 of our 50 United States and 11 came from foreign countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was even more miserable than me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why should Via have it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Says he , `` I may never imagine that in the struggle between personal and supra-personal responsibility it is possible to make a compromise between the ethical and the purposive in the shape of a relative ethic ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In a society where everything is for sale , [FILTERED] is the only man who cannot be bought . (Filtered Words: 1)
One has only , for example , to walk through Harlem and ask oneself two questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But to take him and leave his mother behind is not good '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Six months later , [FILTERED] stood in the observation dome of the [FILTERED] and watched the ball of Earth dwindle above him . (Filtered Words: 2)
This is a radical change in attitude from the conditions which prevailed several years ago , when a series of bombings was directed against Negroes who were moving into previously all-white neighborhoods of Dallas . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I ought to '' -- he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though this is my rock , you can use it sometimes . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the prearranged time , [FILTERED] started the engine and taxied out . (Filtered Words: 1)
Surely it would grow there whether I washed myself or not . (Filtered Words: 0)
What type of action can hope to win public support , first in this country and then abroad ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You may order utility models , inboard or outboard , with or without toilets , galleys , and bunks . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1938 , at the insistence of [FILTERED] , Steinberg left Germany for the United States , by way of Switzerland . (Filtered Words: 1)
it was more one of allotting a few shares to a number of customers and explaining to others why they had no more to sell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , a native of Atlanta , died Sunday at her home in Garland , Tex. . (Filtered Words: 1)
In New York City in 1958 , the city's Commissioner of Hospitals refused to permit a physician to provide a Protestant mother with a contraceptive device . (Filtered Words: 0)
For fifty-five years he had lived , progressing towards a no-goal , eating , working , breathing without plan , without reason . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unless we keep our eyes on the horizon ahead , we shall fail to bring ourselves on target with the present . (Filtered Words: 0)
The major question in this chapter is : What is the probability of exactly X successes in N trials ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Colquitt (Filtered Words: 0)
If a child does lose his first teeth prematurely because of decay -- and if no preventive steps are taken -- the other teeth may shift out of position , become overcrowded and malformed . (Filtered Words: 0)
he might be Mrs. [FILTERED]'s murderer or have played some part in her death . (Filtered Words: 1)
The elderly chauffeur , immaculate in a dark uniform , stood stiffly at attention holding open the door of the town car . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is through such reflection that literature approaches philosophy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He slapped the reins on the back of the powerful gray horse and held on as the sulky's wheels hit a pothole and came out with a jolt and went on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most school systems today maintain a system of cumulative records of pupils . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is the former [FILTERED] , daughter of [FILTERED] of this city . (Filtered Words: 2)
Probably no location for a pool is perfect on all counts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] replied : (Filtered Words: 1)
He is a fellow of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers , and a senior member of the Institute of Radio Engineers . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was used as pattern and clay cut by holding knife at about 45-degree angle , to form an undercut , making base smaller than the pattern top . (Filtered Words: 1)
John the Baptist used total immersion in the River Jordan for believers ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
An approach that has appealed to some choreographers is reminiscent of [FILTERED] statement of the process of projective verse : `` one perception must immediately and directly lead to a further perception '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
That's the fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] felt a wave of complete elation , but in a second it had vanished without a trace . (Filtered Words: 1)
As the total number of incepting bachelors in 1629 was , according to Masson ( Life , 1:218 ) and n , two hundred fifty-nine , the twenty-four names listed in the ordo senioritatis for that year constitute slightly less than one tenth of the total number of bachelors who then incepted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , I'm sure I could do that '' , Maggie said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan was ordered to attack the enemy , who had meantime moved to Edge Hill on the left of the Americans . (Filtered Words: 0)
the prime minister knew who his enemy was here ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now don't tell me what a good ball player you are . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ephesians 2 : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another is a wily countryman called [FILTERED] , whose blandly boisterous progress has been chronicled , I believe , in earlier volumes of Mr. [FILTERED]' comedie humaine . (Filtered Words: 2)
But even before that , [FILTERED] had glimpsed and entered , for a moment , a certain revolutionary path in which no one had preceded him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hope you don't mind '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hub was there to support him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're staying right here for a while . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you always navigate like this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Analysis in roleplaying is usually done for the purpose of understanding strong and weak points of an individual or as a process to eliminate weak parts and strengthen good parts . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were already swollen to bursting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next , Steele turns his attention to the `` Courtier '' he is addressing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well he don't . (Filtered Words: 0)
Says [FILTERED]'s [FILTERED] : `` Since 1958 carriers that move material from the yard to the job site have undergone more radical changes than any of the dealer's other equipment '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Says [FILTERED] , director of the FDA's Division of Public Information : `` Quacks are apt to direct their appeal directly to older people , or to sufferers from chronic ailments such as arthritis , rheumatism , diabetes , and cancer . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hope to see you again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There will be no women aboard the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The essence of contract is that one is free to make a choice of what one will or will not do . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What has impressed you most on your present visit '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
However , it was virtually impossible to screen the mob outside , even if [FILTERED] had manpower available for the purpose . (Filtered Words: 1)
As far as the rising generation goes , why not simply express ourselves positively , and trust that the truer view quietly will displace the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Less assured than the tall , wide-shouldered man in the lead , Cobb followed alertly , a hand on his gun butt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deppy is [FILTERED] , a long-time member of the Vogue staff who , although born in Boston , was born there of Greek parents . (Filtered Words: 1)
whether to stay financially dependent on her parents or help support herself while attending school ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] then moved [FILTERED] across with a line drive to left . (Filtered Words: 2)
Each tape file must be described by Tape File Specifications , produced by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Upon completion of the purging step , additional initiator appropriate for the molecular weight of the sample desired is added , and the system is then warmed to the polymerization temperature , at which the reaction is allowed to go to completion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The work consists of four sections and 5 supplements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pattern for inner lid piece E fits inside Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Helva asked , politely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whee the People : Lovely Thrush Annamorena gave up a promising show biz career to apply glamor touches to her hubby , [FILTERED] fur firm here . (Filtered Words: 1)
Many other vehicles with smaller sensitive-area exposure-time products contribute some information . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just you wait '' , said [FILTERED] again , as though she were discovering the pleasantly tingling insinuations of that handy little sturdy statement . (Filtered Words: 1)
To grasp our new view of the atom , we have to appreciate first of all how small the atom is . (Filtered Words: 0)
I heard nothing more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chief aims of the proposed conference are worth noting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Imagine his son being that good in science ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
At first , [FILTERED] hadn't understood -- how could he , not being a religious person like me ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Friend or enemy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The large land areas required for oxidation ponds made this type of treatment financially unattractive to the developer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's the last one we did . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then he heard them . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s all right '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The movement of events is so fast , the pace so severe , that an attempt to peer into the future is essential if we are to think accurately about the present . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] came home . (Filtered Words: 1)
They consider it simply a sign of our times . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , it wasn't Anne and George's fault that one family crisis seemed to follow another , and weren't they always emphasizing that they really didn't know what they would do without Theresa ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and now , therefore , do I , [FILTERED] , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode Island and [FILTERED] , proclaim the week of Monday , November 13 , 1961 , as the State Ballet of Rhode Island Week , requesting all Rhode Islanders to give special attention to this unusual event which should contribute to the cultural life of the State . (Filtered Words: 2)
These assumptions lead to an organization with one man at the top , six directly under him , six under each of these , and so on until there are six levels of personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
It usually goes up . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bully for you '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Others , which are reached by walking up a single flight of stairs , have balconies . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we were really going to do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even in the very area where the shooting had been done , cattle were still disappearing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The talk would not be in code , but neither would it ramble . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the Ambassador as headquarters , she continued to promote good will abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
One effect of the proposal , which puts a premium on population instead of economic strength , as in the past , would be to take jobs from European nations and give more to such countries as India . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The standing or rank of an actor in a given social system is determined by the evaluation placed upon the actor and his acts in accordance with the norms and standards of the system '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The range is from 14 to 25 inches ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
later he flees in panic from the family table just as his theft is about to be discovered and is blocked at the front door by a soldier who accusingly holds out a pair of handcuffs which he has brought to Gargery's forge for mending . (Filtered Words: 0)
At these words of sympathy and understanding , Harmony said generously , `` I don't mind setting here along with [FILTERED] while you go out and join in the games '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` All these kind of things weaken us '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
For he knows that the first and sometimes most difficult job is to know what the question is -- that when it is accurately identified it sometimes answers itself , and that the way in which it is posed frequently shapes the answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Southern California blackout (Filtered Words: 0)
Poultry (Filtered Words: 0)
His religious beliefs provide him with plausible explanations for many conditions which cause him great concern , and his religious faith makes possible fortitude , equanimity , and consolation , enabling him to endure colossal misfortune , fear , frustration , uncertainty , suffering , evil , and danger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fuzzy caterpillars , snails with their sensitive horns , struggling grasshoppers held by their long hind legs and commanded to `` spit tobacco , spit '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for the paid Hessians from other states , we are here to instruct the Indiana Democracy in their duty , I have nothing but contempt . (Filtered Words: 0)
She instinctively sheered away from personal discussions but she filed the comment away for further meditation . (Filtered Words: 0)
There should even be no more bitter surprises in the UN General Assembly as to NATO members' votes , since a new ad hoc NATO committee has been set up so that in the future such topics as Angola will be discussed in advance . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was , however , fortunate in his contact with Prof. [FILTERED] ( 1769-1842 ) , teacher of chemistry , who , in addition to his academic chair , was also proprietor of the `` Lion Pharmacy '' in Copenhagen where Oersted assisted him . (Filtered Words: 1)
To know God he must follow in Papa's footsteps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Up to date she is a grand-looking filly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You shouldn't tell your little secrets outside of the patient's door '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Baseball's no cinch . (Filtered Words: 0)
a smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hadn't done a serious picture in almost a year . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ball floated downstream . (Filtered Words: 0)
It urged that the next Legislature `` provide enabling funds and re-set the effective date so that an orderly implementation of the law may be effected '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The adjustable fly cutter is very useful for cutting large diameter holes and can be used to cut exact-size discs by reversing the cutter blade . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our leadership in a wide economic boycott of South Africa would be not only in accord , it seems , with the moral conscience of America , not to be denied because we also as a people have widespread injustice in the relations of the races in our own country , but also in accord with our law , U.S. Code Title 19 , Section 1307 , which forbids the importation of goods made by forced or convict labor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Things are looking up these days for many of the State turnpikes on which investors depend for income from their toll-road bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Providing good customer service requires as thorough a marketing and general management planning job as the original selling of the product . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here and there she stayed to visit and drink a glass of sherry . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in the economy of the book it is not peripheral but central . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this love of the boy for his mother is a hopeless and forbidden love , doomed by its nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
These questions have remained one of the great sea mysteries of all time . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the cry of not just one heart ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Guar gum thickens salad dressings and stabilizes ice cream . (Filtered Words: 0)
The substantial progress being made in ballistic missile technology is rapidly shifting the main threat from manned bombers to missiles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tortured reasoning that unions use to deny their ambition to exercise monopoly power over the supply and price of labor is one of the things that create a legal profession . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The central area of the ground floor of a heavily constructed apartment building , with concrete floors , should provide more fallout protection than the ordinary basement of a family dwelling . (Filtered Words: 0)
The demand for the industry's product (Filtered Words: 0)
The Giants who had been anemic with the bat in their windy Candlestick Park suddenly found the formula in Milwaukee's park . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cut beveled edge on the long sides of clay at a 45-degree angle to miter corners . (Filtered Words: 0)
What words had any meaning ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , he did like music making and even sang in the chapel choir of the Woodberry Forest School , near Orange , Virginia , where he sounded fine but did not matriculate too well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vandiver opened his race for governor in 1958 with a battle in the Legislature against the issuance of $50 million worth of additional rural roads bonds proposed by then Gov. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A story goes that a certain Herr Feuchtwanger of St. Louis , around 1883 served his sausages ( grilled ) and mustard to his fancy customers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was more a matter of tact , and also it was none of [FILTERED]'s goddam business . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gov. [FILTERED]'s New Commerce and Industry Commission is moving to create a nine-state regional group in a collective effort to attract new industry . (Filtered Words: 1)
Palmer , meanwhile , had been having his troubles . (Filtered Words: 0)
On my way to the elevator , I ran into [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] asked , watching them both now anxiously . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] evolved a somber style of his own -- and he had few inhibitions about his subject matter . (Filtered Words: 1)
If our sincerity is granted , and it is granted , the discrepancy can only be explained by the fact that we have come to believe hearsay and legend about ourselves in preference to an understanding gained by earnest self-examination . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not to repel injury and uphold and improve pax-ordo means not simply to accept the misshapen order and injustice that challenges it at the moment , but also to start down the steep slope along which justice can find no place whereon to stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our successors will have an easier task '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
My point is this : whether there is such fitness or not , we all assume that there is , and if we do , we express in moral judgments more than the subjectivists say we do . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is sex that obsesses them , sex that is at the basis of their aesthetic creed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the magnitude of the plan made secrecy impossible , once the wheels had began to turn , persons controlling German industries , social institutions , and armed forces became , through their anti-Semitism or their tolerance of it , conscious accomplices of [FILTERED]'s crimes ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Gulf Coast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Missiles are very valuable weapons , but they also have their too little known limitations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon all of them played the intellectual , social , political , and economic attitudes , institutions , and customs of the nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It sure as hell doesn't look like it , does it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Angie knew -- Speak of dangerous information ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The Orioles once again performed at the plate in powderpuff fashion , gathering only seven blows off the offerings of three Kansas City pitchers . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm all alone and certain things are going on that look very ominous . (Filtered Words: 0)
These would be two human beings , whom God had chosen . (Filtered Words: 0)
The '49 team was off to a so-so 5-5 beginning , then fell as low as 12-17 on May 23 before finishing with 96 victories . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may find a conditioner rated by horsepower . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] remained in trance ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The parish lives for itself rather than for the community or the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suvorov saw in these scimitar-wielding skirmishers not demographic units but military men of a high potential . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Stalag , Helion came to know and love his comrades , most of them plain folk , who , in their extremity , showed true courage and ran great risks to help each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another person inside with a weight against each batten will help in the fastening . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , wife of an engineer and mother of a 23-year-old son , was awarded the top prize at a luncheon in the Beverly Hilton Hotel . (Filtered Words: 1)
The number of dictionary forms skipped since the last one matched is also saved . (Filtered Words: 0)
These areas , by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued -- and set to shuttling again -- only by conventional perspective ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
They cringed under sodden covers , listening to the waves slop against the bottom . (Filtered Words: 0)
A number of considerations suggest that this occurs early in the process . (Filtered Words: 0)
settings by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sufficient lay-offs of union employees to bring about a 10 per cent cut in the union payroll expense . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Doctors now say that it was not the meat but the coolness of the applications which relieved the pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new part is finished . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted desperately to see [FILTERED] defeated , the Communists in the village rooted out , the mission standing triumphant , for in the triumph of the Lord he himself would be triumphant , too . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] pushed through first . (Filtered Words: 1)
One man , badly burned about the face and eyes by an arc welding torch , was blinded and could not find a doctor at the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the Prokofieff Seventh Sonata had the combination of romanticism and modern bravura that Prokofieff needs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact is incontestable : that liberal world of Unitarian Boston was narrow-minded , intellectually sterile , smug , afraid of the logical consequences of its own mild ventures into iconoclasm , and quite prepared to resort to hysterical repressions when its brittle foundations were threatened . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , locking the room or stateroom door gives privacy of location , but it is equally important to be sure there is time enough for an utterly unhurried fulfillment . (Filtered Words: 0)
One afternoon , as the women sat clucking softly , a new carload of people pulled up at the gate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guilford-Martin ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What are you playing '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Time was when the house of delegates of the American Bar association leaned to the common sense side . (Filtered Words: 0)
There had been reading at table , especially from two books , Pope Gregory The Great's account of St. Scholastica in his [FILTERED] and my own The World Of Washington Irving . (Filtered Words: 1)
While neighbor women assumed some of the dead mother's duties , fund-raising events were being planned by a homeowners association and a student council for the hard-hit [FILTERED] family , 34220 Viceroy . (Filtered Words: 1)
Printed material (Filtered Words: 0)
He merely became victimized by a form of athletics that respects no one and aggravates all . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was then that I availed myself of the rights of a citizen and declared the income tax unconstitutional . (Filtered Words: 0)
Break the end corners with a slight 45 degree chamfer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most Jewish mothers are determined to exercise vigilance over the social and sexual lives of their daughters by keeping them home . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was logical that he would come up with the figure of the modern jazz musician . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shunned publicity for himself and sought to avoid fame . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had I been in an all-married section I would have missed this , and I believe that this single aspect has been of great personal value to me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ceremony ended with the laying of a wreath at the crypt of Pike in the House of the Temple . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Emory could not continue to operate according to its present standards as an institution of higher learning , of true university grade , and meet its financial obligations , without the tax-exemption privileges which are available to it only so long as it conforms to the aforementioned constitutional and statutory provisions '' , the statement said . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his head was the echo of those titters with Anthea . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a question which New Englanders long ago put out of their minds . (Filtered Words: 0)
In January , 1731 , the company asked the crown to relieve it of the government of the colony . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were no reasons for such suppositions then . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said nothing until Pietro had slackened their pace . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Aristide ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you become a Baptist , I will not '' , Ann informed her husband , but sweeping her threat aside Adoniram continued to search for an answer to the personal dilemma in which he found himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's old '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who says so '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Your leg muscles and back muscles feel weary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of school at 14 (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] is dandy , but liquor is quicker and you don't have any candy for sale here anyhow '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
the specimen is magnified by the microscope . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the force required to remove the coatings is plotted against film thickness , a graph as illustrated schematically in Fig. 5 may characteristically result . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are evidently trying hard to think of new ways to deal with the problem of fear these days . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a 16 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Immediately refill to a level of Af inches with water at 100 - 109-degrees-F ( 38 - 43*0C ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is making arrangements for a reception ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , for aqueous media , we can think of the idealized organic active as an oleophilic or hydrophobic surface-active agent , and of an idealized builder as a oleophobic or hydrophilic surface-active agent . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's more specialization and a narrower purpose in two albums recently issued by Dover Publications . (Filtered Words: 0)
When our eyes met the air was filled with an unuttered message of `` Me , too '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In short order , the general history became his most popular work and has remained , aside from his later Social history , the work most widely favored by the public . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nuclear war is already being fought , except that the bombs are not being dropped on enemy targets -- not yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Construct sides , bottom and top as for box , using slip on scored edges and coils of clay to reinforce seams . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four parties are given a year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dice rolled , prostitutes plied their trade , thieves stole , murderers stabbed , and the ungodly blasphemed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Soviet Union and other members of the Communist bloc are rapidly expanding their economic , technical and military assistance to the uncommitted nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both allowances are governed by conditions and restrictions set forth in detail in the state's Travel Regulations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several factors contributed to this change . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You don't eat enough , honey . (Filtered Words: 0)
Far off , in the dusk , he heard voices singing , muffled but strong . (Filtered Words: 0)
the purpose of producing plays at the College is three-fold : to provide the [FILTERED] students with the best possible opportunity for theater-going within the limits set by the maturity and experience of the performers and the theatrical facilities available ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
It won't cost you a cent , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
April 15 is usually the final date for filing income tax returns for most people because they use the calendar year ending on December 31 . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a wind direction indicator , they tied a cotton rag to a sapling . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a blur just under my focus of vision , a crash ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was happy enough to take the convertible and race up the hill to the Blevins' , thinking that they might give him a drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
Forty miles farther north is Mount Moosilauke , Dartmouth's own mountain . (Filtered Words: 0)
I left behind me brave men , whom captivity had robbed of all hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] relented , he did not order his men to apply the torch -- the drove of livestock was driven up the valley , via Beverly , and across the mountains to feed and serve the Confederate army , while [FILTERED] and his raiders turned toward Buckhannon to join forces with Imboden . (Filtered Words: 1)
Proper evidence of the liquidation and succession must also be filed . (Filtered Words: 0)
As near as Cobb could determine the shots came from the direction of the Antler ranch house . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blood samples were allowed to clot at room temperature for 3 hr , centrifuged and the serum was removed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said [FILTERED] and Borden had quarreled violently in the house that day , information which must have come from Lizzie . (Filtered Words: 1)
Processing the returns (Filtered Words: 0)
But not even our first pool-side gatherings came anywhere near those rosy fantasies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only in Europe have our lines remained firm -- and there only on the surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found the pilot light and turned on one of the burners for her . (Filtered Words: 0)
I told [FILTERED] so . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s office adjoined the stable , and the walls were adorned with brightly colored lithographs , the folk art of the period . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Gracias . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were west of the Sabine , but only God knew where . (Filtered Words: 0)
Along the 127-mile route through Great Smoky Mountains National Park you can photograph the breath-taking peaks , gorges and valleys which come into view at every turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
And both in their objectives of non-discrimination and of social progress they have had ranged against them the Southerners who are called Bourbons . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the temperature reached 32-degrees-F all protozoan activity ceased ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If he can bounce back with one of those 25 home runs years , the club will have to be better off offensively . (Filtered Words: 0)
We will deal first with the program in the Congo though this was put into operation later than the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gosh , I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not a part of any one of the three ( later four ) zones for occupation by Soviet , American , British , and French troops respectively . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can imagine that he got pretty good service . (Filtered Words: 0)
The theatre was hot and they were drugged with boredom . (Filtered Words: 0)
While neighbor women assumed some of the dead mother's duties , fund-raising events were being planned by a homeowners association and a student council for the hard-hit [FILTERED] family , 34220 Viceroy . (Filtered Words: 1)
The charge : violation of the California Medical Practices Act by practicing medicine without a license and selling misbranded drugs . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the dynamics of airflow , from morphologic considerations alone , may conceivably be different in the monkey than in the horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then the application of the count rules to the width ( horizontally ) of the configuration gives us an intial estimate of the probable depth of the decline . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shortly after this study ended septic conditions resulted which required the addition of sodium nitrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
NATO headquarters in Europe ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked him and , laughing , she added , `` I was nervous about buying a book with a title like that , but I knew you'd like it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Escalation is their first love and their last ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For what I express in my remark is something going on in me at the time , and that of course did not exist until I did come on the scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
There seemed to be a contemptuous purpose in the way he sat there with his eyes glued to Drexel Street and his back in opposition to the church behind him . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] shrugged . (Filtered Words: 1)
The face of one block contained a hole 1/16'' '' in diameter which led to a manometer for the measurement of the normal pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The finance company took all their furniture -- and they didn't have a cent to their name . (Filtered Words: 0)
Profile cutting machines are available which can split foam to any desired thickness and produce sine , triangle , trapezoid , and other profiles in variable heights , dimensions , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may think we didn't need Nancy and [FILTERED] , but you always get what you can when you can , and we had no guarantee that a fingerprint record on them couldn't be useful before we were through with this case . (Filtered Words: 1)
That long night with [FILTERED] and marijuana in Venice had opened her eyes . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s heart skipped a beat when he recognized it . (Filtered Words: 1)
But we abide by their insight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bobbie and [FILTERED] looked magnificent at their wedding . (Filtered Words: 1)
The disclosure by [FILTERED] , chief defense counsel , startled observers and was viewed as the prelude to a quarrel between the six attorneys representing the eight former policemen now on trial . (Filtered Words: 1)
One handled the salesman in a friendly manner , another in a rough manner , and the third in a hesitating manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , insofar as science generates any fear , it stems not so much from scientific prowess and gadgets but from the fact that new unanswered questions arise , which , until they are understood , create uncertainty . (Filtered Words: 0)
sometimes she opened her eyes and looked around , and sometimes she took a little milk or soup . (Filtered Words: 0)
To many of us , this is a land to which we or our parents fled from totalitarian terror in order to live in dignified freedom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Start with the right-hand piece `` B '' , Af , soldering it to the lower piece `` A '' of the same material but 12'' '' long . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too many people think that the primary purpose of a higher education is to help you make a living ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet , in spite of this , intensive study of the taped interviews by teams of psychotherapists and linguists laid bare the surprising fact that , in the first five minutes of an initial interview , the patient often reveals as many as a dozen times just what's wrong with him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He and [FILTERED] settled down to being social leaders , and [FILTERED] managed to look a little more beautiful each year . (Filtered Words: 2)
Certainly nobody will predict that the next time the lawmakers come back together [FILTERED] will be able to enjoy a re-enactment of the strange but successful `` honeymoon '' he had in the 1960 legislative session . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was engaged in constant experiments that searched for new directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Flats have a scalloped throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Morgan filled the dipper from the water bucket on the shelf , went back into the front room , lifted the girl's head , and held the edge of the dipper to her mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
I touched it and the coolness , the ice-feeling , was gone , and even then it moved a little , perhaps a tiny spasm of the dead muscles , and I hoped that it was truly dead , so that I would not have to kill it . (Filtered Words: 0)
A large number of these Juniors have 7 and 8 wins to their credit and are seasoned campaigners . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted desperately to see [FILTERED] defeated , the Communists in the village rooted out , the mission standing triumphant , for in the triumph of the Lord he himself would be triumphant , too . (Filtered Words: 1)
' know enough to sue ' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They're drinking , aren't they '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] will honor [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] at a cocktail party Tuesday , May 2 , from 6 to 8 p.m. in their home . (Filtered Words: 3)
Some such youngsters rarely smile , or they try to speak with the mouth closed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeing her caused a lurch in Ramey , a recognition . (Filtered Words: 0)
About 1500 delegates are expected to register today for the biennial session of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite for the Southern Jurisdiction of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Lead up ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
MacPherson boldly approached the fortified adobe house and demanded entrance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its origin lies in the Selden patent controversy and its aftermath . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
She slapped the receiver into its holder and stepped away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prime minister moves fast (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] now attends the C. Melvin Sharpe Health School in the District . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is the strongest act to hit the area in a long while -- a well integrated , fast moving outfit specializing in skits , vocals , comedy and instrumentals all of it distinctly displaying the pro touch . (Filtered Words: 0)
The usefulness of this study and of configuration analysis as well , declines in direct proportion to the dissemination of its use . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gyrocompass heading . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't what [FILTERED] would want him to do , though . (Filtered Words: 1)
Incest is still a durable theme , but if it wants to get written about it will have to find ways to surprise the emotions , and there is no better way to do this than that of concealment and symbolic representation . (Filtered Words: 0)
But then , at mention of that name , the Amen corner broke loose . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , we realize that a pure specialist does not exist . (Filtered Words: 0)
It does , as in type 1 , , supply the hilar lymph nodes , the pulmonary artery , the pulmonary vein , the bronchi , and the bronchioles -- terminating in a common capillary bed with the pulmonary artery at the level of the respiratory bronchiole . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was back there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Goulding's platoon pushed back the enemy soldiers and broke up the timing of the entire enemy attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
But inevitably the border which has divided the ghetto from the rest of the world falls into the hands of the ghetto . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 1860 - 70 decade there are many poems like `` Revulsion '' , but there is only one `` Neutral Tones '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On March 11 the Louisiana legislature voted unanimously to table the petition . (Filtered Words: 0)
All his emotions had been inward , self-conscious . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elena , you'll get mud all over your dress '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
not push-ups but stand-ups (Filtered Words: 0)
The cards , filed by circonscription ( sub-chiefdom , or village ) , are kept in the headquarters of each territoire ( chiefdom ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
He called the store owner and together they went into the stockroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
It says that `` in the event Congress does provide this increase in federal funds '' , the State Board of Education should be directed to `` give priority '' to teacher pay raises . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thereafter he was classified 1-o . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That I can't answer , for I can't imagine something like this happening to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
A little later , the sports shop man returned with a small pup tent . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the hardships of the winter at Valley Forge were trying for healthy men , they were , of course , much more so for those not in good health . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasional sucking up to the fifth year may not affect a youngster's teeth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , p , 3 , 2:01.1 , Great Lullwater 2:00.3 , and [FILTERED] , p , 2:05.1 have been in 2:30 ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
There are even motels for local weather peculiarities in Shamrock , Tex. , as I discovered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seen in perspective , many of these releases have a genuine claim to be milestones . (Filtered Words: 0)
But one does not have to affirm the existence of an evil order irredeemable in that sense , or a static order in which no changes will take place in time , to be able truthfully to affirm the following fact : there has never been justitia imprinted in social institutions and social relationships except in the context of some pax-ordo preserved by clothed or naked force . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reduction of hazardous fuel conditions to minimize the chances of large fires developing and spreading to high-value areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ontological status of society thus is constituted by the psychological status of society's members . (Filtered Words: 0)
X-ray films of the vertebral column showed progression of the demineralization . (Filtered Words: 0)
For use in formulas , fractions should be converted to their decimal equivalents . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of this , I know , is recent history familiar to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
His repeated experimentation with the techniques of fiction testifies to an independence of mind and an originality of approach , but it also shows him touching at many points the stream of literary development back of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one walked in this country , least of all [FILTERED] or Dutch Renfro or any of the rest of the Bar B crew . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1913 an abortive provision was made for the stay of federal injunction proceedings upon institution of state court test cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contact (Filtered Words: 0)
This officer had asked [FILTERED] if she suspected her [FILTERED] , and she replied she didn't think he did it because he left the house before the murders and returned after them . (Filtered Words: 2)
He had always done well . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] employs a total of about 400 people . (Filtered Words: 1)
The atom reactor , water cooled , was the result of almost a decade of research at the naval reactors branch of the atomic energy commission and Westinghouse Electric Corp. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Got a new one in last night '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anthropologists , housewives , historians and such by profession , they approach their discipline as amateurs , collectors , commercial propagandists , analysts or some combination of the four . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's the Valmet ( about $170 ) , a 12-gauge over/under very much like the old [FILTERED] 32 -- which was so fine a gun that today a used one still brings high prices . (Filtered Words: 1)
The only way to describe [FILTERED] is to say she is beautiful in a Grecian sense . (Filtered Words: 1)
All this expands the oscillation between surface and depth so as to encompass fictive space in front of the surface as well as behind it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sputtered back to his feet and scrambled madly to pull his bags of seed grain forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Secretary General must have , subject to the constitutional direction of the Security Council and the General Assembly , the power to act , to propose action and to organize action without being hobbled by advisers and assistants acting on someone else's instructions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only across a distance of time could the epic accounting begin . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this time a detailed neuromuscular examination revealed diffuse muscle atrophy that was moderate in the hands and feet , but marked in the shoulders , hips , and pelvic girdle , with hypoactive deep-tendon reflexes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gun cleared his throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
In her dark , scornful fashion she proceeded to her destination , afraid of nothing , not even the evil spirits which kept her company in her time of bleeding . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew that . (Filtered Words: 0)
He says : `` That would reduce neurotic ailments tremendously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the Af are projections which correspond to some direct-sum decomposition of the space V . (Filtered Words: 0)
and when a young man like [FILTERED] had enjoyed the Szold hospitality , he felt obliged to send his respects and his gifts not merely to Henrietta , in whom he was really interested , but to all the Szold girls and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
They had had to work on very simple foundations and had not dared to give rein to impulses . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the times , he was sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could it be that it speeded up for the aged in some mysterious way , as if a bored universe were skipping through the end of the chapter just to get it over with ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Sonates et Concerts Royaux of Couperin Le Grand occupy two disks ( LD056 and LD060 ) and reveal the impeccable taste and workmanship of this master -- delicate , flexible and gemlike . (Filtered Words: 0)
No doubt the Angels could do that kind of thing as fast as any computer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Land , labor , and equipment needed (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , piano ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
And his relatively small hands and feet gave him an almost delicate appearance . (Filtered Words: 0)
When was the turning point ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I had a drink with the Flannagans '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chauncey Depew , one-time runner-up for the Republican Presidential nomination , was attending a convention at Saratoga , where he was scheduled to nominate Colonel [FILTERED] for Governor of New York when he noticed that the temporary chairman was a man he had never met . (Filtered Words: 1)
The governor's move into the so-called `` blue law '' controversy came in the form of a letter to Miss [FILTERED] , deputy city clerk of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
it is not working now . (Filtered Words: 0)
She would look at [FILTERED] , with that hidden something in her eyes , and [FILTERED] would see the Woman and become breathless and a little sick . (Filtered Words: 2)
He conjures herds of deer , and wild birds crowding the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our athletes are only just beginning to learn that they must study dance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trend throughout the world's religions has been toward a recognition of at least the practical validity of this constitutional enactment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeks `` improved fielding '' (Filtered Words: 0)
We need joint chiefs of a political general staff '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , it is probable that this point is reached the moment the third level of change begins . (Filtered Words: 0)
Felix was the exception . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] prisoner strike was motivated by a reasonable purpose , a fair break from parole boards . (Filtered Words: 1)
Separate systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
In two minutes the body of [FILTERED]'s former comrade , who had been killed by [FILTERED] in a gambling brawl the previous night , was carried into the town's funeral parlor to be prepared for decent burial . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` What do you want to do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Too bad a jury isn't involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
From high in the tree , the whole block lay within range of the eye , but the ground was almost nowhere visible . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , another Denver rookie , will be on the mound against veteran [FILTERED] at 8 o'clock Tuesday night . (Filtered Words: 2)
Those qualities make [FILTERED] a popular asset at the Salvation Army's Social Center at 1200 Larimer St. . (Filtered Words: 1)
Something would come into her heart if nothing else the sounds of [FILTERED] would give her some healing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also displayed the ability to write Latin verse on almost any topic of dispute , the verses , of course , to be delivered from memory . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gray face stared straight ahead in the drizzle . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s delightful music stands just at the point where the classical , rationalist tradition , ( handed down to [FILTERED] largely in the form of operetta and salon music ) becomes virtually neo-classicism . (Filtered Words: 1)
Recently I was struck anew by the divergent approaches , when in the course of one afternoon and evening I listened to no fewer than ten different performances . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a neat setup for murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had been riding out every evening on some secret business of his own . (Filtered Words: 1)
it prepares cooperative displays ( posters , booklists , brochures , and other promotional material ) for use in member libraries ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was bitterly disappointed but determined not to let the rebuff daunt her purpose . (Filtered Words: 1)
Oslo (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's okay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Success may mean merely the displacement of Western influence . (Filtered Words: 0)
They get all the glory and most of the pay and don't earn ten cents apiece on the average , the drunken rascals '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another body length or all the rest of his nighted life ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There are many possibilities , including poor circulation , a variety of neurological conditions , and functional disorders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the slave's dying words about the woman troubled the coroner's panel , Dandy's accusation was adjudged an aberration by the jury and disregarded . (Filtered Words: 0)
A little later , the sports shop man returned with a small pup tent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some tasty frank toppings are chili con carne , Coney Island sauce and savory sauerkraut . (Filtered Words: 0)
The council advised the governor that `` large supermarkets , factory outlets and department stores not be allowed to do business '' on Sunday . (Filtered Words: 0)
A team for useful research . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Miss Maude . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You saw the colors of it , didn't you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , I do not doubt that , among the people at the U.N. that day , there were Stalinist and professional revolutionists acting out of the most cynical motives . (Filtered Words: 0)
The DIOCS , DTF , and DUF statements are used when required by the Input/Output Control System . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some vocational training schools provide such training , but the current need exceeds the facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stared at it , amazed , alarmed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Back in her living quarters at the hospital she took bicarbonate of soda , and sulked . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Uhhu '' , she muttered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some observers speculated that this might be his revenge on his home town . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Court of Appeals affirmed . (Filtered Words: 0)
To confess with a canvas chair as a prie-dieu , gouging at his heart until a rough and stupid hand bade him rise and go ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever the cause , his mood in the fifties rarely rises above the level of the capably sardonic . (Filtered Words: 0)
This prevents the occurrence of an infinite sequence of isolated tangent points . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did many of [FILTERED]'s countrymen live in boxcars in the bush ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Part of this characterization was , of course , accomplished with the vocal chords . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was busy up front with some of his live patients . (Filtered Words: 1)
I had never liked snakes much , I still had that kind of quick panic that I'd had as a child whenever I saw one , but this snake was clean and bright and very beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
He says : `` beside the Protestant philosophy of Progress , as expressed in radical or conservative millenarianism , should be placed the doctrine of the democratic faith which affirmed it to be the duty of the destiny of the United States to assist in the creation of a better world by keeping lighted the beacon of democracy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On their right rose the embankment covered with brush and trees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Says he , `` I may never imagine that in the struggle between personal and supra-personal responsibility it is possible to make a compromise between the ethical and the purposive in the shape of a relative ethic ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Grant ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
I took the pail and shovel and went out on the porch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would not that be the end of thinking and the end of art ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If he pokes his nose in here I'll slug him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a number of years Kentucky , Louisiana and several other states have been building state-sponsored vocational education schools that serve nearby school districts in several counties . (Filtered Words: 0)
the other exclusively Negro . (Filtered Words: 0)
The King [FILTERED] offered respectable and convenient lodgings to people from the suburbs who wanted to see a show and didn't want -- heaven knew didn't want ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
The Mecholyl and noradrenalin tests applied with certain precautions are reliable indicators of this central autonomic balance , but for the sake of correlating autonomic and clinical states , and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions , additional tests seem to be desirable . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But the third ship came back several years ago and reported '' (Filtered Words: 0)
As it began raining at around eight o'clock on December 26th , I retired into my tent early , somewhat tired and discouraged , my body reacting sluggishly because of the continued exposure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The appeal board furnished petitioner a copy of the recommendation . (Filtered Words: 0)
A skimming device at the effluent weir prevented loss of most of these light solids . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe I am in good company in this view . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's not push our patience beyond the danger line , Sergeant '' , [FILTERED] nasaled . (Filtered Words: 1)
The First Lady appointed a Fine Arts Advisory Committee for the White House , to locate authentic pieces as well as to arrange ways to acquire them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who drinks far too much '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two clotted balls the color of mucus rolled between fiery lids . (Filtered Words: 0)
What of his treatment of the Jew in The Merchant Of Venice ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Communications (Filtered Words: 0)
She couldn't see how her death could affect [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Somewhere birds were sweetly calling , were answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who's there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Those elegant `` At Home '' cards she sent out , now she could wear her pretty clothes again , and had the house all trimmed up , hadn't brought many callers in two whole months . (Filtered Words: 0)
Issue no. 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It suggests that during the next several months , through the spring of 1961 , the demand for long-term capital funds may be moderately lower and that interest rates may tend to move a little lower , especially the rates on Federal , state , and local bonds , as well as those on publicly offered corporate bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
The music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra , [FILTERED] , has molded his group into a prominent musical organization , which is his life . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is , like [FILTERED] , too alienated to be reliable . (Filtered Words: 1)
If to be innocent is to be helpless , then I had been -- as are we all -- helpless at the start . (Filtered Words: 0)
Principle (Filtered Words: 0)
Our technical assistance to these countries should place special emphasis on inducing the central governments to assume the role of advisor and guide which at an earlier stage foreign experts assumed in dealing with the central governments . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gentle Channing , revered by all Bostonians , orthodox or [FILTERED] , wrote to a friend in Louisville that among its many virtues Boston did not abound in a tolerant spirit , that the yoke of opinion crushed individuality of judgment and action : `` No city in the world is governed so little by a police , and so much by mutual inspections and what is called public sentiment . (Filtered Words: 1)
If he ever did such a thing again she'd die of shame . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dartmouth students ski everywhere in winter , starting with their own front door . (Filtered Words: 0)
We take leave of [FILTERED] as he gloats over [FILTERED]'s loss of fortune , extending his hand `` with a magnificently forgiving air '' and exhibiting `` the same fat five fingers '' , one of which he identifies with `` the finger of Providence '' and shakes at [FILTERED] in a canting imputation of the latter's `` ingratitoode '' and his own generosity as [FILTERED]'s `` earliest benefactor '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` You wouldn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You and I have fallen out of literature into politics '' , [FILTERED] observed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Usually , the greater the original distances marked , the greater will be the accuracy of the test . (Filtered Words: 0)
The accuracy was deplorable . (Filtered Words: 0)
They fought hard , but they were forgiving to former foes , and sought to prevent vindictive legislatures from confiscating Tory property in violation of the Treaty of 1783 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He immediately rode on to [FILTERED] , threw a ten-day drinking spree and dropped some very strong hints among friends . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the tune to which this hymn is most often sung , `` Boylston '' , the syllables have and fy , ending their lines , have twice the time any other syllables have . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was still in the play for pay business when she died , a top trollop who had given the world's oldest profession one of its rare flashes of glamour . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somewhere over there another patrol had need of light . (Filtered Words: 0)
Red Hogan's patience ran out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Minneapolis , Minn. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The illustrations in fig. 8 show how to lay a concrete block wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are inexpensive and available from the U. S. Geological Society , Washington 25 , D. C. . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's got all the facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
For Christ's sake ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The girl in the prow of the outrigger turned a smile like a beacon on me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet titles are traditionally given only to management men , and income tends to rise with title . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is usually helpful to make a sketch map in the field , showing the size and location of the features of interest and to take photographs at the site . (Filtered Words: 0)
The district office here employs about 65 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much as they had to look forward to , they didn't begrudge a moment of the time they spent seeing them go . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , world-famous star of stage , screen and television , will be honored for the high standard in tasteful sophisticated fashion with which she has created a high standard in her profession . (Filtered Words: 1)
Who knew , [FILTERED] might not last long . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mercer thought that she looked very distinguished and charming . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remove jar from mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until the Cuban fiasco and the Communist military victories in Laos , almost any observer would have said that President [FILTERED] had blended a program that respected , generally , the opinions voiced both by Mr. [FILTERED] and the professors . (Filtered Words: 2)
Just before Myra left -- She was saying good-by to [FILTERED] , and she didn't realize I was near '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Costs were held down , despite a bitter winter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here's a household hint : if you can't find your children , and get tired of calling them , pick up the phone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once more the fallacious equation is advanced to argue that since business is restricted under the anti-monopoly laws , there must be a corresponding restriction against labor unions : the law must treat everybody equally . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four years ago , the company's entire line was devoted to neon signs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He had caught her coming out of the shack . (Filtered Words: 0)
He nodded and , going into the bedroom , brought a needle , thread , and scissors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the most dramatic successes of Communism in winning local support can be traced to the identification -- correct or not -- of Communist regimes with personal honesty and pro-Western regimes with corruption . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A what '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned and bent over the body of the Indian . (Filtered Words: 0)
it conceals and yet is suggestive ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But when he showed his new figurative pictures to his artist friends of the abstract camp , they paid him no compliments and drew long faces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our technical assistance to these countries should place special emphasis on inducing the central governments to assume the role of advisor and guide which at an earlier stage foreign experts assumed in dealing with the central governments . (Filtered Words: 0)
About all that remains to be said is that the present selection , most of which appeared first in The New Yorker , comprises ( as usual ) a slightly unstrung necklace , held together by little more than a slender thread cunningly inserted in the spine of the book . (Filtered Words: 0)
But who cares , when the lady sings ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Public libraries in Nassau County have been lending books to each other by mail for a quarter-century , but the system enables this process to operate on an organized and far more comprehensive basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the difference between [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` When the roles of husband and wife are reversed , so that the wife becomes leader and the husband follower '' , Dr. [FILTERED] says , `` the effects on their whole relationship , sexual and otherwise , can be disastrous '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You're so preoccupied that you've let your faith grow dim . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've noticed the way you've been looking at me ever since we met '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was all set . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the one side we have the university professors and their students , trained in Teutonic methods of research , who have sought out , collected and studied the true products of the oral traditions of the ethnic , regional and occupational groups that make up this nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a letter to the American Friends Service , Dr. [FILTERED] wrote : (Filtered Words: 1)
With respect to positions not covered by subparagraph ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) of this paragraph , any individual may be referred to a place of employment in which a labor dispute exists , provided he is given written notice of such dispute prior to or at the time of his referral . (Filtered Words: 0)
Operating budget for the day schools in the five counties of Dallas , Harris , Bexar , Tarrant and El Paso would be $451,500 , which would be a savings of $157,460 yearly after the first year's capital outlay of $88,000 was absorbed , Parkhouse told the Senate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The major weakness of vocational training programs in labor surplus areas is their focus on serving solely local job demands . (Filtered Words: 0)
The management discreetly withdrew the green stuff into the office and gave the customers chips or checks or premium points . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Say that again '' , she pleaded . (Filtered Words: 0)
In we're painting at our garage strong stress on at indicates that the job being done is not real painting but simply an effort at painting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you experimenting with different selling slants in developing new customers ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Such talk is seriously in error . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is an engrossing commentary on a repressive , upper-middle-class New York way of life in the first part of this century . (Filtered Words: 0)
His problem concerns longitudes , latitudes , and angular velocities . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have helped him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The unfortunate queen mounted the scaffold ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
To the extent that he was ostracized or even reviled , we solace ourselves by saying he asked for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was cold all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
The idea was not even suggested because political expediency prevailed over wisdom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cowbird Myra ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] left [FILTERED] at the bottom of the hill to direct any reinforcements he could find to the fight . (Filtered Words: 2)
To that question the answer is simple ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
General leave to extend (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] pushed blindly through Snake Creek Gap in a potentially decisive movement , the only cavalry in his van was the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry , totally inadequate for its role . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps Patchen was once involved in a train accident , and this passage from First Will And [FILTERED] may have been how the accident appeared to the poet when he first saw it -- if he did : `` (Filtered Words: 1)
An early Edison production was The Execution Of Mary , Queen Of Scots . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the chief features of this community of interest is the automotive patents cross-licensing agreement , a milestone in the development of American industrial cooperation . (Filtered Words: 0)
But all of this was rationalization . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fisted the knife overhand , and drew back to plunge it into the kid's throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then hang up fast and come walking on down to the Perrin address . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is your name , boy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She had raised a calf , grown it beef-fat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , improved intelligence will result in reduced force requirements and , as it supports all other elements , rates a top priority . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many rate increases already have been put into effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] leaned from the saddle and gave him a mighty whack on the back . (Filtered Words: 1)
Theoretical discussion of flux gain (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World -- the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated -- the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America -- the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , [FILTERED] , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , [FILTERED] -- the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art -- the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . (Filtered Words: 2)
Subsystems (Filtered Words: 0)
Competitive processes for preserving meats are by canning and freezing . (Filtered Words: 0)
set for influx (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of these former churches are now used as warehouses , but `` neither Anglicans nor Nonconformists object to selling churches to Roman Catholics '' , and have done so . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gives measurements of nineteen young anacondas , presumably members of a brood , from `` South America '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
I shall first indicate a couple of weaknesses in Fromm's analysis , then argue that , granted these weaknesses , he still has much left that is valuable , and , finally , raise the general question of a philosophical versus a sociological approach to the question of alienation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Qualitative observations were made and high-speed motion pictures were taken to study flow phenomena in the arc at various mass flow velocities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Based on this figure and considering depreciation costs of vehicles , pool personnel have determined that travel in excess of 10,000 miles annually is more economical by state car than by payment of allowances for use of personally-owned vehicles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The room was bathed in light at the instant Muller's second shot came . (Filtered Words: 0)
His letter had suggested we meet at my hotel at noon on Sunday , and I came into the lobby as the clock struck twelve . (Filtered Words: 0)
The move for establishment of a national seashore park on 30,000 acres of [FILTERED] , from Provincetown to [FILTERED] , is strengthened by President [FILTERED]'s interest in that area . (Filtered Words: 3)
All about me there was a hectic interplay of meetings taking place , like abrupt , jerky scenes in old silent movies , joyous greetings and beginnings , huggings and kissings , enthusiastic forays into the festive night . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Last year your [FILTERED] told our [FILTERED] , in a television program , that it is the task of the playwright to throw light into the dark corners of the human heart . (Filtered Words: 2)
a Marine Corps of 3 divisions and 3 air wings with 175,000 men ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The new Riverside pitcher turned out to have an overhand fast ball that took a hop . (Filtered Words: 0)
Based on our experience with clients , , we see 14 major problems which fall into three broad groups -- the market place itself , marketing methods , and marketing management . (Filtered Words: 0)
Softness is found in crushed textures . (Filtered Words: 0)
During 1960 , two important conferences were organized by the Development Council's Industrial Division . (Filtered Words: 0)
The solution , naturally , is the bus . (Filtered Words: 0)
The symbol for multiplication is `` **b '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As you pull out of your motel or national park home-for-the-night , visit a market and buy just what you need for the next meal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trio who shared the most-valuable honors were introduced by [FILTERED] , sports editor of the Post-Dispatch . (Filtered Words: 1)
food and military supplies ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not merely a new thing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sympathy is a fine quality in a woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter adhesive was found to be much more satisfactory . (Filtered Words: 0)
I shuddered and backed out of the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Barton turned away , his eyes falling upon Rankin beside his horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were thought to represent regenerating fibers . (Filtered Words: 0)
As detection ranges increase , weapons will be developed to attack other submarines and surface craft at these ranges . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. speaks (Filtered Words: 1)
He had caught , too , like an ailment , a confirmed distrust of women . (Filtered Words: 0)
he was considerate of their weakness , once he learned of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
His official term expired last summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the visitors , after losing this game , rode along the village streets toward home , the youngsters who could keep abreast of them for a moment or two screamed triumphantly , `` You bunch of hay-shakers ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A few drops of rain just before midnight , when [FILTERED] was in the midst of her first number , scattered the more timid members of the audience briefly , but at this hour and with [FILTERED] on the stand , most of the listeners didn't care whether they got wet . (Filtered Words: 2)
and God allowed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
You should see to it that the trap , the dirt-catcher in front of the filter , is always clean . (Filtered Words: 0)
Marvin Goulding saw what was happening . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] took off one shoe and stared at it . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` This is a distressing thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the 4th tee Palmer chose to hit a one-iron when a three-wood was the proper club , so he put the ball in a bunker in front of the green . (Filtered Words: 0)
The philosophy has been that if they could find the time to attend class why not encourage them to get the credit and perhaps provide an incentive to do the work more effectively . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- the sinless life of Christ (Filtered Words: 0)
Amid the crackle of small arms and automatic weapons , I heard the thumping of mortars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seven years they'd been married . (Filtered Words: 0)
They bring an inextricable component of value within themselves , with attractions and repulsions native to their own quality . (Filtered Words: 0)
actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection . (Filtered Words: 0)
The victory was the first of the season for the [FILTERED] after nine defeats and a tie . (Filtered Words: 1)
Environmental intelligence is just as important . (Filtered Words: 0)
Late in the afternoon , I was up on Seven again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each point with abscissa T on the graph represents an intersection between C and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
It gives social guidance and direction and makes for programs of social action . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consumer communities have suffered at the hands of the productive interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
pattern D for lid fits over top diameter of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
No . (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably the most important thing to focus on is not the development of conscience , which may well be almost beyond the reach of literature , but the contents of conscience , the code which is imparted to the developed or immature conscience available . (Filtered Words: 0)
Standing there she saw Shades of Night come through the trees and stop beside the lodge , silent , almost imperious , her body taut , simply standing without speaking or moving while the wife of Walitzee waited , perhaps denying the dread that moved in her . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a way out of this . (Filtered Words: 0)
The grateful way she looked at [FILTERED] made him ashamed of himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
The filtered air benefits allergies , asthma , sinus , hay fever . (Filtered Words: 0)
You have only to compare such painting with the work of , say , Sesshu , to realize that someone is using words and brushes carelessly . (Filtered Words: 0)
His English was usable and he used it fearlessly . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he's a welfare case now -- a human wreck -- thanks to this modern witch doctor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leading firms that arranged their own financing included Speidel Corporation , Cornell-Dubilier , Photek , Inc. Division of Textron , [FILTERED] [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Mays Manufacturing Company . (Filtered Words: 3)
Since then , many Protestant denominations have made separate pronouncements , in which they not only approved birth control , but declared it at times to be a religious duty . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gruesome humor of the Nazis was not forgotten -- the gas chamber with a sign on it with the name of a Jewish foundation and bearing a copper Star of David -- nor the gratuitous sadism of SS officers . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] Olympian , optimistic and resolute sayings when Britain stood alone against the armed forces of tyranny less than twenty years ago ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Even if all these operations could be performed instantaneously , the ICBM still has a time of flight to the target of about 30 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Surrounding pioneer pastors with vocational volunteers ( laymen , who will be urged to move into the area of new churches in the interest of lending their support to the new project ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Puzzled , [FILTERED] stared at the flowered wallpaper ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
They were learning trades as diverse as shoe repairing , bricklaying , carpentry , cabinet making , auto mechanics , and airplane mechanics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Selected bibliographies and tables of available data are now in preparation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nischwitz was working on a 3-hitter when the Indians bunched three of their eight hits for two runs in the sixth . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am not suggesting that Fromm ought to do this kind of work . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew it as surely as everybody in Westfield -- that Lucille was a husband stealer . (Filtered Words: 0)
By combining the talents of a medical man , Dr. [FILTERED] , a biophysicist , Mr. [FILTERED] , and an electronics expert , Dr. [FILTERED] , this novel technique has been developed which promises to open broad avenues to understanding life processes . (Filtered Words: 3)
Wilson inquired about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Henrietta could easily identify herself with [FILTERED] March , although [FILTERED] was not the eldest sister . (Filtered Words: 1)
they become skilled in cooking and cleaning and in receiving guests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite this danger , however , we are informed on every hand that ideas , not machines , are our finest tools ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , as [FILTERED] has noted , the individual's failure to develop preliminary identities during infancy and childhood need not be irreversibly deterministic with respect to a given area of identity diffusion in his ( or her ) adolescence . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cylinder volume can be determined mathematically but combustion chamber volume must be measured with a liquid . (Filtered Words: 0)
One means to help the birds occurs to me : Let the chimes that ring over Washington Square twice daily , discontinue any piece of music but one . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the barkeep . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was a slow and difficult course , and French trade suffered from the many mistakes of the new group of traders . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Rising costs have increased the difficulties of the elderly , and I would be the last to say they should not receive consideration . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't worry about me . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you wish to budget closely on transportation , saving your extra dollars to indulge in luxuries , one agency lists the small Fiat 500 at only $1.26 a day plus $.03 a kilometer and the Fiat 2100 Station Wagon , seating six , at just $1.10 a day and $.105 a kilometer . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
In Colorado , Ouray has its Fall Color Week Sept. 22-29 , Rye and Salida both sponsor [FILTERED] 24 , and Steamboat Springs has a week-long Aspencade Sept. 25-30 . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Hello , anyone at home '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Something had to be done ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The drive along Massachusetts' Route 128 , the by-pass which makes an arc about twenty miles from downtown Boston , may be a vision of the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unlike [FILTERED] , she was traveling light ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] greeted the parents , then studied his notebook . (Filtered Words: 1)
His voice had not commanded her to stop . (Filtered Words: 0)
They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guerrillas were swarming from their bivouac at the west end of the enclosure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic mapping phase of the program has been completed and the inventory phase is scheduled for completion July 1 , 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said the car evidently slid out of control on rain-slick streets and slammed into the pole . (Filtered Words: 1)
The orderly room seemed to be deserted . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The successor corporations have been held entitled to sue on such claims . (Filtered Words: 0)
It implies two misconceptions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maximum length (Filtered Words: 0)
No , we are not greedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Using privately-owned vehicles was a personal hardship for such employees , and the matter of providing state transportation was felt perfectly justifiable . (Filtered Words: 0)
She yelped . (Filtered Words: 0)
Military knowledge , love of detail , and a sure feeling for the portrayal of action were the added ingredients . (Filtered Words: 0)
Flake ( for three ) a cupful of cold boiled haddock , mix with a cupful of cooked rice , two minced hard-boiled eggs , some buttery white sauce done with cream , cayenne , pepper , salt , a pinch of curry , a tablespoonful of minced onion fried , and a bit of anchovy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Development requires a long-term approach (Filtered Words: 0)
Here some innovation is attempted . (Filtered Words: 0)
These courses develop skills other than those we think of when we use the adjective `` academic '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
then he would bark to let everyone know the coast was clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
The platform is initially off level by the angle Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter how high the hopes and dreams of educators , budget making adjusts them to the cold realities of dollars and cents . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not , however , find himself at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her arm bled slightly , and the offended skin cried out in pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The electron optical system ( see fig. 14-1 ) is based in principle on the focusing action of concentric spherical cathode and anode surfaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have found myself saying with other foreigners here that English Catholics are good Catholics . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marrow of the vertebral bodies was pale and showed areas of fatty replacement . (Filtered Words: 0)
auto , this one with a seven- or 12-shot clip . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cupped his mouth and yelled . (Filtered Words: 0)
We note that two such curves C and Af , cannot coincide at more than a finite number of points ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The day before Election Day , to which we are entitled as a legal holiday , we were informed to report to our respective polls to work as `` workers of the party '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so she was , and would remain . (Filtered Words: 0)
His being and His will -- Stevie could not divide God from his Papa -- illumined every parish face , turned the choir into a band of angels , and the pulpit into the tollgate to Heaven . (Filtered Words: 0)
The note paper was pink , too , and the handwriting small and dainty and utterly feminine . (Filtered Words: 0)
The budget deficit (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now don't tell me what a good ball player you are . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something had to be done about the furnace , the fuel bills , the washing machine , the doctor and dentist bills , about making money stretch for food , for the mortgage , for taxes , for shoes , for half soles , for overshoes , for clothes , for the new leaks in the roof , for gas and light bills ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The novel opens with a fugitive convict frantically trying to avoid the nemesis of being `` laid hands on '' -- a mysterious figure who looks into [FILTERED]'s frightened eyes in the churchyard `` as if he were eluding the hands of the dead people , stretching up cautiously out of their graves , to get a twist upon his ankle and pull him in '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Or that the tiny creek spun its silent course toward the [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
While there should be no general age limit or restriction to one sex , there will be particular projects requiring special maturity and some open only to men or to women . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the year as a whole , retail sales of TV sets probably came to 5.8 million against 5.7 million in 1959 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Leona '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , come on [FILTERED] , play with us just onct '' , one of the little girls begged , smiling wistfully . (Filtered Words: 1)
In providing for these inner individual functions , religion undertakes in behalf of individual peace of mind and well-being services for which there is no other institution . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had obtained and provisioned a veteran ship called the Discovery and had recruited a crew of twenty-one , the largest he had ever commanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
This latter reaction is in accord with the reported decomposition of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I came into being , 15 years ago , I had one primary purpose : to help men and women everywhere to know God better , and through knowing Him better to become happier and more effective people . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED]'s explanation was simple : `` I made out the check and carried it around a few days unsigned -- in case I lost it '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Knowing the antipathy that existed in Louisiana against increasing the number of free Negroes , Giffen suggested that Palfrey bring them to Boston at once , and then send them on to Liberia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presumably the tabulated data are best available values . (Filtered Words: 0)
At first it had been just a romantic dream of his , the same as the idea of finishing Oxford after the war . (Filtered Words: 0)
The air conditioner was no longer running . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mae , we're so busy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was dedicated as a church in the seventh century . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] had on a sort of Emperor Maximilian beard and mustache . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood , panting , for a moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The grant , which stretched southward to Lake Traverse -- the headwaters of the Red -- was made in May , 1811 , and by October of that year a small group of Scots was settling for the winter at York Factory on Hudson Bay . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked Bobbie . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sure , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had a deep voice which was full of good food she had cooked , and good humor ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
More than 250 Scottish Rite Masons and guests gathered in their House of the Temple to pay tribute to their most prominent leader , [FILTERED] , who headed the Scottish Rite from 1859 to 1891 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Another identity crisis confronting the adolescent involves anticipation of achievement vs. work-paralysis . (Filtered Words: 0)
His birth , education , and fortune , he says , have all been ridiculed simply because he has spoken with the freedom of an Englishman , and he assures the reader that `` whoever talks with me , is speaking to a [FILTERED] born '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Abernathy furnace consumed fuel like a giant ravenous maw that had to be appeased by hurling tons of coal into its evil red depths , and no matter how much coal they put in the house remained cold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sharing the program was the young French-Canadian tenor [FILTERED] , making his stadium debut on this occasion . (Filtered Words: 1)
No man could have reached his spot nor held it without being ruthless , and Hague had made a virtue of ruthlessness all of his life . (Filtered Words: 0)
An oversize unit will cool off your house quickly , then shut down for a long period . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a question which New Englanders long ago put out of their minds . (Filtered Words: 0)
He appeared in the hopples about November 14 , was treated for worms on the 18th , the latter date being the first time he struck a real pace . (Filtered Words: 0)
No person shall be referred to a position the filling of which will aid directly or indirectly in filling a job which ( 1 ) is vacant because the former occupant is on strike or is being locked out in the course of a labor dispute , or ( 2 ) the filling of which is an issue in a labor dispute . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recently colleges and universities have begun to translate their educational philosophy into institution-wide goals . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the game , [FILTERED] was taking off his sweatshirt in the dressing room when [FILTERED] came in . (Filtered Words: 2)
A working concept of the organic evolution of community must lead us in a different direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is only one escape left , a tragic one , and too many people are taking it : suicide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Commerce Secretary [FILTERED] , accompanied by a member of our staff , on May 10 toured plants of two of Italy's biggest companies -- Fiat , the auto producer , and Olivetti , maker of typewriters and calculating machines . (Filtered Words: 1)
You just -- `` Hello ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The current monthly payroll comes to about $15,000,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They indicated that stand-ins and picketing would be started if theater owners failed to cooperate . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] began their collaboration in 1940 , [FILTERED] , like [FILTERED] , had several substantial film songs to his credit , among them `` Hooray For Hollywood '' , `` Ride , Tenderfoot , Ride '' , `` Have You Got Any Castles , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 5)
He's been entirely different all spring . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stevie envied him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is conclusive , unless appealed , only upon the particular parties to the particular action which was heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Try to find out how happy he is with his wife , whether he plays around with women . (Filtered Words: 0)
Front teeth not meeting when the back teeth close . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said he could do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
They need mulch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mines . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sociological impact is perhaps most eloquently summed up in this quotation of J. Walter Carroll of KSAN , San Francisco : (Filtered Words: 0)
And very , very few were lost when the final connection was made to the control panels of ship or industrial combine . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was then trained on the trot until December 29 , hitched to a breaking cart once around the half-mile track and hoppled again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Big and dark , a melting , golden brown . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eventually responsibility for demographic inquiries in the Congo was transferred to the demographic division of the Central Statistical Office . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whoever rises to the occasion walks a treacherous path to leadership . (Filtered Words: 0)
This shouldn't surprise the secretary ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , treasurer ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
There is one danger , however . (Filtered Words: 0)
the Episcopal Church was one block down Sussex Street ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Somebody had scrawled American Express , Piazza di Spagna ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It's perfectly normal for babies to suck their thumbs , and no mother need worry if a child continues this habit until he is two or three years old . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You go . (Filtered Words: 0)
And after [FILTERED] had talked to Mrs. [FILTERED] and to others , he was absolutely amazed . (Filtered Words: 2)
For the policy officer will know that action can almost never be secret and that in general the effectiveness of policy will be conditioned by the readiness of the country to sustain it . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said to him , her father , `` How was I begotten , in pain or joy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the films seen as they came in ( coordinated for the regular sections ) , were often out of context . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was an excellent concert . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing looks anything like an [FILTERED] or an Arp but another [FILTERED] or Arp . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is still heir to the rare gifts of space and silence , if he chooses to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four for Alvin (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
All such imitations of negative quality have given rise to a compensatory response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic humanism : if man can neither know nor love reality as it is , he can at least invent an artistic `` reality '' which is its own world and which can speak to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being loved . (Filtered Words: 0)
such a move may mean a loss of capital . (Filtered Words: 0)
the Old Ones have cherished him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
1960 promises to be the most prosperous year in our history . (Filtered Words: 0)
but consider , if you can bear it , what might have happened if [FILTERED] , for some perverse , undaunted reason , had made the same remark to an Eskimo girl in Eskimo . (Filtered Words: 1)
When they express themselves it is incandescent hatred that shines forth , the rage of repudiation , the ecstasy of negation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a high mark for Mama . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somebody'll hafta start thinkin . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the preparation of the state development budget . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now I see . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is being fought , moreover , in fairly close correspondence with the predictions of the soothsayers of the think factories . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reason , says the Housing Center , is that the builders invited to the intentions conference `` are generally among the more successful businessmen , and usually do somewhat better than their fellow builders '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The British , although suffering considerable losses , noted the defection of the Marylanders , made a stand , then turned and attacked [FILTERED] who became greatly outnumbered and had to retire . (Filtered Words: 1)
Remember , man , remember . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , Wilson said . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's quite minor , nothing to worry about . (Filtered Words: 0)
With one corner of his mind he knew that they were saying nothing , just expressing the euphoria of a drug so powerful that the known universe had forbidden it . (Filtered Words: 0)
If birds don't belong in a Square or Park , what does ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The following have been found effective . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of the toll-road bonds still are selling at prices that offer the prospect of an annual yield of 4 per cent , or very close to that . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a moment or two , both scenes are present simultaneously , one growing weaker , one growing stronger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where the microscope under visible light may show only vague shadows or nothing at all , ultraviolet illumination and subsequent translation into a color TV picture reveal a wealth of detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
and ( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Pa was on his side , looking at me , his eyes winking , the hand that had hit me a fist in the pillow . (Filtered Words: 0)
An inveterate reader of books , he chose while working in Detroit to live in the University community of Ann Arbor , almost forty miles away . (Filtered Words: 0)
These increased costs are partially offset by a decrease of $56 million in expenditures for the reserve forces , largely because of the planned reduction in strength of the Army Reserve components during 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They fought hard , but they were forgiving to former foes , and sought to prevent vindictive legislatures from confiscating Tory property in violation of the Treaty of 1783 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just because your father tried to make a banker out of you , you've leaned over backward to keep your hands off . (Filtered Words: 0)
One cannot but wonder whether these doubts about the success of Khrushchev's agricultural policy have not at least something to do with one of the big surprises provided by this Congress -- the obsessive harping on the crimes and misdeeds of the `` anti-party group '' -- Molotov , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and others -- including the eighty-year-old [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
The serum was measured volumetrically and subsequently dialyzed in the cold for at least 24 hr against three to four changes , approximately 750 ml each , of `` starting buffer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After 1895 the number increases , and in the next thirty years there is only one year for which there is no dated poem -- 1903 , when Hardy was at work on The Dynasts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elaine nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in the hunting land , this hunger was considered to be a noble thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
A second car was coming from the west , from the direction of Sanford's Run . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then he heard them . (Filtered Words: 0)
As you said in your State of the Union message , `` The problems are towering and unprecedented -- and the response must be towering and unprecedented as well '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's all over Branchville . (Filtered Words: 0)
The highest waves , 55 feet , occurred at Pololu Valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
but forgive anyway '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What happened with you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine the particular State's `` allotment percentage '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wild kicks never are , but I hoped to dig up a better frame of mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
As we have seen , a growing proportion , although in 1914 still a minority , were members of churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tolley had gone to live in California . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the arena of power Jews have at one time or another been somebody's ally ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It sounded like a man kicking a melon . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sergeant Vaughn , sir '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has no experience with this veteran's previous medical record . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hi '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It also implies that a man wants his future to be free from the mistakes of the past . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Help me up , I feel kind of stiff '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stacked Miss [FILTERED]'s thin pink dishes in the sink . (Filtered Words: 2)
Ferment of scientific activity (Filtered Words: 0)
It would , however , reach the proctors and other officers in charge of the public-school performances of the incepting bachelors , and the place that any individual obtained in the lists depended greatly on how he comported himself in the public schools during his acts therein as he was incepting . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` From Triandos , Brandt and Walker '' , answers Richards . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stopped flying into rages and started digesting her food ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and the hilarious picture of social life in an earlier day called `` City Quadrille '' are all just as good as one remembers them to have been , and they are welcome back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Applying these figures to the formula we get the equation : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the grand court of the Palace , notable for its tiers of Moorish galleries that looked down on the maelstrom of vehicles below , [FILTERED]'s station was at the entrance . (Filtered Words: 1)
the range of our voice ignores distance . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , will it serve the long-range public interest ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
So he wound up with a dozen . (Filtered Words: 0)
A double by Green , [FILTERED]'s run-scoring 2-baser , an infield single by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED]'s solid single to center put the Twins back in front in the last of the fifth . (Filtered Words: 3)
and hip dysplasia in dogs . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mae , sit down . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] became indispensable ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Then I spoke at the ninetieth birthday party of [FILTERED] , who embarked on a fictional trilogy at eighty-nine and who , with The Crisis , had created a Negro intelligentsia that had never existed in America before him . (Filtered Words: 1)
But she sat on in stubborn silence . (Filtered Words: 0)
He raced by within twenty feet of her , roped her around the neck , but a lioness' neck is short and thick and with a quick twist she slipped the noose off . (Filtered Words: 0)
Routine microscopic examinations were made of the mixed liquor as indicated by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] for the various types of protozoa . (Filtered Words: 2)
Vocational educators do not claim that school training alone makes skilled workers , but it provides the essential groundwork for developing skills . (Filtered Words: 0)
Buckets were filled , the herd fed and watered . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was better , though , he'd hit me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well he don't . (Filtered Words: 0)
I tried . (Filtered Words: 0)
Set your bathtub before you close in the end of the bathroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
He let her tell him all about the church . (Filtered Words: 0)
Assistance is rendered to interested Rhode Island businessmen concerning interpretation of bid invitations , where to obtain specifications , and follow-ups concerning qualification . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not contemporary English . (Filtered Words: 0)
I looked at the pathetic wreck of a woman before me . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
So she fishes around in the cupboard and hauls out a chocolate cake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before anything else , she would go to Doaty's grave with flowers from Doaty's forgotten garden . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But the third ship came back several years ago and reported '' (Filtered Words: 0)
The church certainly would not be removed . (Filtered Words: 0)
As our radius of penetration , R , increases , the area of new knowledge increases by Af , and the total of human knowledge becomes measured in terms of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
When negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents-per-hour cost in wages . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had seen it in the lineup at Police Headquarters in New York , in Broadway night clubs and Seventh Avenue pool rooms , in the criminal courts . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Closely related to his illusions about his typicality is Krim's complicated feeling about his Jewishness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Annapolis , Jan. 7 ( special ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He was simply writing a story that wanted to be told , and in the writing a childhood fantasy of his own emerged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our weapons production , our world prestige , our ideas of democracy , our actions of trust or stubbornness or secrecy or espionage ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Your 16 year old son earned $720 in 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gilman started talking to him until he saw his chance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , I had cried out that I knew she'd do it , but without my fully realizing it at the time , it was a cry of triumph for her , praise at her deliverance from pettiness and greed -- and guilt . (Filtered Words: 0)
A funeral parlor chain was indicted for price-cutting . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , to the extent that the monetary authorities , in their effort to ease credit in the next several months , conduct their open market operations in longer-term Government bonds , they will certainly act to accentuate any tendency for long-term interest rates to ease as a result of market forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
On this point there was fairly general agreement that assessors would like to do more than they are doing now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parents are often concerned that orthodontic appliances may cause teeth to decay . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a Whig history of the `` Tory reaction '' which preceded the Reform Bill of 1832 , and it uses the figure of Grey to give some unity to the narrative . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asserted in the Continental Congress' Declaration of Rights that the demands of the colonies were in accordance with their charters , the British Constitution and the common law , and [FILTERED] appealed in the Declaration of Independence `` to the tribunal of the world '' for support of a revolution justified by `` the laws of nature and of nature's God '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
This is no spectator-type experience ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They recommended , also , that `` at a fixed hour , let the entire family be assembled for night prayers , followed by a short reading of the Holy Scriptures '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
All his people ask for is no more war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Key to the puzzles (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes a burst of aggressiveness will sweep over a man -- or his wife -- because he or she feels age creeping up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elaine shook her head as she slipped out of her harness , but Poet nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great column from which the square takes its name was erected by the Emperor Marcus Aurelius . (Filtered Words: 0)
Springing like a cat , he leaped back , swooped up the spring gun and , whirling , pointed it toward the cabin . (Filtered Words: 0)
The creature in feathers looked around and David saw the mad eyes , glazed with an insane fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
I will be the one to confront my daughter , not the wife of him who leads her to sin '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She is not only a trained mathematician and Classicist , but a good architect . (Filtered Words: 0)
But whose requirements ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Powerful hands had killed her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Georgia Republicans are getting strong encouragement to enter a candidate in the 1962 governor's race , a top official said Wednesday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ideally , brief treatment should be arrived at as a treatment of choice rather than as a treatment of chance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fixed installations are increasingly advocated as the problem of area defense emerges . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
It occurred to [FILTERED] that he was , on a hunch basis , eliminating a good many . (Filtered Words: 1)
I nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of its traditional lines , it probably has more kid appeal than any other model . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1949 the Dixiecrats escaped unscathed after their 1948 rebellion against [FILTERED] , and in 1957 , after Congressman [FILTERED] campaigned for [FILTERED] in 1956 , his fellow Democrats did not touch his committee assignments , although they did strip him temporarily of his patronage . (Filtered Words: 3)
Under the auspices of the Outing Club , Dartmouth also has the Mountaineering Club , which takes on tough climbs like Mount McKinley , and Bait & Bullet , whose interests are self-evident , and even sports a Woodman's Team , which competes with other New England colleges in wood sawing and chopping , canoe races , and the like . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] is too good a man to shoot in the back . (Filtered Words: 1)
This was equivalent to 240 mg/lBOD on a 24-hr. basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anything else ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Thank you '' , I told her . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is no damned holiday , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Go back to your lodges '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Never mind whether the Kikiyus and the Bantus enjoyed Wilsonian self-determination : the point is that in the struggle for the world that vast land mass was under the domination and influence of the West . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dried rumen bacteria . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I say , where is everyone ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He said ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] wouldn't know ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Fosdick , a brother of minister [FILTERED] , was a graduate of [FILTERED] , and a member of Phi Beta Kappa and the American Philosophical Association . (Filtered Words: 2)
He was a [FILTERED] , married , with three sons . (Filtered Words: 1)
They leaned into the wind and seemed like one thousand-legged monster hurtling and plunging until suddenly they rose straight in their saddles and in one terrifying voice shouted , ejaculated their grotesque cry of war . (Filtered Words: 0)
whether to pursue a college education or a job after high school ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctrine has never worked ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I gauged that blow to be borderline . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drunken truck drivers in the city departments should be weeded out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` reality '' to which they respond is rationally empty and their art is an imitation of the inescapable powerfulness of this unknown and empty world . (Filtered Words: 0)
acquire the services of chemists , physicists , engineers , and other personnel by contract or otherwise ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Oso growled . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and company , however , promptly bought land from Miantonomi a few miles south of Pawtuxet , extending from the present Gaspee Point south to Warwick Neck and twenty miles inland . (Filtered Words: 1)
The drummer flogged the gourd with frantic intensity as the dancers began the calinda , a sensual gyration which had long been a favorite of voodoo practitioners and their disciples in the Louisiana slave compounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not with the memory of her folks and the lost [FILTERED] still holding her close . (Filtered Words: 1)
Practically the only enthusiasm they showed was when they were discussing `` names '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine slumped forward into a bow like a priest before an idol . (Filtered Words: 0)
Astronomy . (Filtered Words: 0)
That night a note written in [FILTERED]'s hand and dated from inside the captured city came to [FILTERED] stating that the Twentieth Corps was in possession of Atlanta . (Filtered Words: 2)
The latest death reported was that of 4-year-old Claude [FILTERED] of Calvary . (Filtered Words: 1)
The entire exercise , Latin and English , is most suggestive of the kind of person [FILTERED] had become at Christ's during his undergraduate career ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
When some thirteen records of newly and recently born individuals are collated , little or no correlation between length and distribution can be detected . (Filtered Words: 0)
she cherished rare and delicate plants like oleanders in tubs and wall-flowers and lemon verbenas in pots that had to be wintered in the cellar ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
he had helped fight an oil-well fire that raged six days and nights . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her name was [FILTERED] and she told me many things . (Filtered Words: 1)
But those who were in favor of the meeting felt that a frank exchange between the two men and an opportunity to size one another up would prove salutary . (Filtered Words: 0)
I thought she'd gone upstairs and expected to hear she had . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Americans , like yourself , take the fact for granted , try to be helpful , but don't ask questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this session the persons seeking membership are provided information concerning the work of the denomination as well as the program and activities of the local church . (Filtered Words: 0)
Juras said he insisted Field be continued on a consultant basis only and be answerable directly to the administrator of the agency and not to other agencies of the government . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The name thyroid-stimulating hormone ( TSH ) has been given to a substance found in the anterior pituitary gland of all species of animal so tested for its presence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The German's words worked on the newspaperman like a reprieve from an odious duty . (Filtered Words: 0)
The formation remained perfect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brooding about future wars , the Field Marshal has this to say : `` The Asian fighting man is at least equally brave ( as the white ) , usually more careless of death , less encumbered by mental doubts , less troubled by humanitarian sentiment , and not so moved by slaughter and mutilation around him . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 to 1-1/2 grams per 100 pounds of body weight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soybeans are extensively processed into a remarkable number of food products in the Orient . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can always tell a real gentleman -- they got a certain je ne say quok '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was a bull of a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Diets can be terrible '' , the girl said . (Filtered Words: 0)
As markets become larger and marketing more complex , the costs of an error become progressively larger . (Filtered Words: 0)
I sat waiting for Life to come along and sweep me up . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There I got my Colt Special and shoulder harness , slipped my coat on , and went back into the front room . (Filtered Words: 0)
This question is an issue because it likely divides us into two camps -- those for or against pupil assignment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet we no longer feel uneasy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He caught up with me once and grabbed me , but I was all covered with zing -- it's very slippery , you know '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she suffered in her off-duty hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Section 2 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
Her father , [FILTERED] , was the Upton mentioned by Hawthorne in the famous introduction to the Scarlet Letter as one of those who came into the old custom house to do business with him as the surveyor of the port . (Filtered Words: 1)
She served for a number of years without pay beyond her travel and maintenance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is a private detective , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
by the same token , we reject any Soviet attempt to impose its system on us or other peoples by force or subversion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Kerr , a graduate student from Illinois , moved past him on a straightaway and held off Mills's challenge on the final turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not try to run . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the photographically realistic continuity of dreams , however bizarre their combinations , denies that it is purely a composition of the brain , it must be compounded from views of diverse realities , although some of them may never be encountered in what we are pleased to call the real life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , sure , I'll see the doctor -- this evening , if you insist . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] Temple of the Shrine ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Even as he became widely known as a professional killer , nearly every cowboy and rancher in Wyoming seemed proud to call him a friend . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's get away fast '' , said [FILTERED] , shaking water from his mop of bleached hair . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rococo music -- a lot of it -- was played in Carnegie Recital Hall on Saturday night in the first of four concerts being sponsored this season by a new organization known as Globe Concert Arts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Homemade bread (Filtered Words: 0)
We are saying that the pain was bad when and as it occurred and before anyone took an attitude toward it . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was his wife . (Filtered Words: 1)
When she was nine years old , she wrote a description of a store she had visited . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All is not sex '' , declared [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] has established quite a reputation for himself as a successful stager of touring productions . (Filtered Words: 1)
This also holds true if restorative forces are applied . (Filtered Words: 0)
No Jew was on hand to boycott his financially struggling theater . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the possible absence of a center of symmetry not only moves the hydrogen atom off Af , but also allows the oxygen atoms to become nonequivalent , with Af at Af and Af at Af ( space group Af ) , where Af represents the oxygens on one side of the Af layers and Af those on the other side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither was his wife . (Filtered Words: 0)
The buildings are mostly Georgian . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nowadays , we talk as though the blitz were just a short skirmish . (Filtered Words: 0)
In type 3 the bronchial artery also provides blood directly to the alveolar capillary bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was determined to hold out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The label and operation columns must be blank and the continuation of the operand must begin in column 21 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Insuring that the countries have a freedom of choice , he said , was the biggest detriment to the Soviet Union . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both lived in Georgetown , were unattached , and shared an active social life . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was drunk with excitement and the smell of gunpowder that came floating down from the road , and the fact that I was not afraid now , but only waiting to know what to do next . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out in front of our walls the grass was covered with dead and dying men , war shields , lances , blankets and wounded and dead horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some have serenity of mind , the ability to accept what they have , and make the most of it ( a wonderful gift to have , believe me ) -- some see only darkness , the bitter side of everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
Caution : (Filtered Words: 0)
Whenever artists , indeed , turned to actual representations or molded three-dimensional figures , which were rare down to 800 B.C. , they tended to reflect reality ( see Plate 6a , 9b ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In all of the sections examined , the arterioles and small arteries were essentially normal . (Filtered Words: 0)
call it retarded . (Filtered Words: 0)
They walked slowly past the sherbet-colored cottages -- eleven lemon , nine mint , seven orange -- around the curve to a deserted stand with an `` Eats '' sign jiggling in the wind . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had been in the green room . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then the wife bed-hopped to the next on the list . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything's on the table '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its groin was bloody . (Filtered Words: 0)
Penny lowered her eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told Hanford his son wanted to go into the field of electronics . (Filtered Words: 0)
They greeted the news angrily , as though they had been cheated of purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said quietly , gaining nerve , ready to ask any question at all , no matter how intimate , ready to be rebuffed , `` Then why did she leave Israel ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A respondent may want to make alternative answers because he does not know the precise circumstances assumed in the question . (Filtered Words: 0)
Watching her , he felt like a spectator at a tennis game , with the ball being bounced back and forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The total volume of the system above the reference height is Af , and H can be eliminated to obtain an equation for the total potential energy of the system in terms of H . (Filtered Words: 0)
At first they were only feathers and dark indistinguishable faces and bodies , hunched over their horses' heads . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is the one responsible for my getting such low [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is going to be a language lesson , and you can master it in a few minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , it's far too early in the day for corny lines like the bigger they come You've had your gassy lecture , let's get to work . (Filtered Words: 0)
I will be able to tell you more about this string of equines in the near future . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had lost his audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
The word means it won't boil away easily , nothing else . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or maybe a drink '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not always easy to develop theory and doctrine which would square the two conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was easy to see that they were made for each other , and they knew what they wanted . (Filtered Words: 0)
And certainly , in the case of the beginner or the comparatively uninitiated wine drinker , the palate and the capacity for appreciation will not be ready for the Grands Crus as a steady diet without frequent recourse to crus of less renown . (Filtered Words: 0)
the way in which the transformation of state depends on the operating variables for the main types of reactors is discussed in the next chapter . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all of the sections examined , the arterioles and small arteries were essentially normal . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It has to be easier with two of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
A comparable manufactured boat would cost close to $3,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , when he assumed the duties of a conductor , he relinquished his career as a pianist . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the second category the function Af has no values defined in a neighborhood Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Senate to him was not the `` upper body '' and he corrected those who said he served `` under '' the president . (Filtered Words: 0)
A crude ladder ran down to a wooden floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
There had been classroom guffaws which quickly subsided as Professor [FILTERED] said dryly : `` I see your point , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
pianists [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] Slenczynka and [FILTERED] and conductor [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
his fists clutched so tightly that his knuckles hurt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 7 (Filtered Words: 0)
A seeping coldness entered [FILTERED]'s being ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
I grew uneasy . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] didn't think she'd take to window boxes . (Filtered Words: 1)
These two walks take you through the heart of Rome . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Structural Clay Products Institute , Washington , D.C. , is working to develop brick and clay products suitable for shelter construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter required juggling several elements simultaneously . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Aegean in 800 B.C. (Filtered Words: 0)
Prednisone , 30 mg. daily , was substituted for triamcinolone from Nov. 22 until Dec. 1 , 1958 , without any improvement in the weakness . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kept sayin , not me , not me , I don't wanta wind up like em . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every morning early , in the summer , we searched the trunks of the trees as high as we could reach for the locust shells , carefully detached their hooked claws from the bark where they hung , and stabled them , a weird faery herd , in an angle between the high roots of the tulip tree , where no grass grew in the dense shade . (Filtered Words: 0)
The telephone was in the study but the ringing came from the hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Judge [FILTERED] leaned over the bench and inquired , `` You mean some of the defendants made statements admitting this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
One girl describes her past , her succession of broken marriages , the abortions she has had and finally confesses that she loves sex and sees no reason why she must justify her passion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The presidency : talking and listening (Filtered Words: 0)
We would all meet at ten o'clock at the Kehl bridge , five miles from Strasbourg , and march triumphantly across into Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
High nutritional value , variety , palatability , and appetizing appearance are important for reasons of morale . (Filtered Words: 0)
But General [FILTERED] may have been self-victimized . (Filtered Words: 1)
But The Holy Sinner is not simply a retelling of old stories for an old man's entertainment . (Filtered Words: 0)
They dug up a speech he had made two years earlier as a Congressman , decrying the more than two hundred statues , monuments , and memorials which `` dot the Washington landscape as patriotic societies and zealous friends are constantly hatching new plans '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can communicate in your own way . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We are now witnessing an effort to transfer to Mr. [FILTERED] some of the glow of Sen. [FILTERED]'s candidacy of last year . (Filtered Words: 2)
But Oakwood Heights is unique in one particular . (Filtered Words: 0)
Advertisers are changing their attitudes , both as to the significance of this market and the ways of speaking to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] dragooned her uncle , [FILTERED] , into a lunch the next day to find out what had happened . (Filtered Words: 2)
Parker listed the remedies he deemed essential for reducing the cost and mass of testimony . (Filtered Words: 0)
State is expected to arrange the touring Cicero's foreign itinerary ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , p , 3 ( by Duke Of Lullwater ) , [FILTERED] , p ( by Sampson Hanover ) and [FILTERED] , 5 ( by King's Ransom ) in 2:20 ; ; (Filtered Words: 3)
Arthur Hays Sulzberger has been a distinguished publisher of this distinguished newspaper and it is fitting that we take due notice of his major contribution to American journalism on the occasion of his retirement . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , I'll tell you about that '' , Lord told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked around . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just let me meet up with that damned bushwhackin' coward face-to-face '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought she had great possibilities in the ballet and wanted to show the eminent producer how well she could dance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fearless . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She says she has to finish a story '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
7-5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indirect indications of micrometeorite flux (Filtered Words: 0)
That was one epoch : the apple-tree epoch . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stood indecisively for a moment , then walked down the hall ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Rarely did a trail herd pass through the Injun country on its march north that it wasn't stopped to receive demand for `` wohaw '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe you'd better tell the guy who hired you what I said '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It must be getting more serious . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's what he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why didn't you wait at the [FILTERED] house ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
There isn't much time . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was always persuaded out . (Filtered Words: 0)
These incidents , typical of many others , dramatize the distressing fact that no controversy during the last several decades has caused more tension , rancor and strife among religious groups in this country than the birth-control issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
God knew his tears were his to shed if he so desired , for it had not been with an egotist's rage for fame that he had held precious his naval career . (Filtered Words: 0)
A patient could receive up to 300 days paid-for nursing home care under a `` unit formula '' allowing more of such care for those who use none or only part of the hospital-care credit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grab a taxi '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fill small hole in bowl with clay . (Filtered Words: 0)
until used they were stored for as long as 2 weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
You have the controlling interest and the principal expenditure is yours -- and , besides , nobody else is going to have the courage . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fellowship by likeness '' and `` mission by friendly contact '' form the iron cage of denominational religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a customer wishes a special cut , it will not be available . (Filtered Words: 0)
In and in and in they poured through the gates of [FILTERED] , but they never left , and [FILTERED] was not growing any larger . (Filtered Words: 2)
Only , they carefully substituted old country folk dances for the Virginia Reels and square dances that were so popular among more worldly trains in the great westward migration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without saying so , she was really grateful ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This ion inhibits thyroid hormone synthesis by interfering with iodide concentration in the thyroid . (Filtered Words: 0)
A forefinger pointed toward his gullet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our students want occupations that permit them to use their talents and training , to be creative and original , to work with and to help other people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somebody in this town must still have some backbone '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other nuts consumed in lesser quantity include the spicy nutmeg ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The March gain plus this optimism has been encouraging enough to prompt auto makers to boost production schedules for the next quarter . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you mean '' -- he asked almost shyly -- `` you want me to go with you , wherever you're goin '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the influenza pandemic of 1918-19 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` New Orleans '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
An approach that has appealed to some choreographers is reminiscent of [FILTERED] statement of the process of projective verse : `` one perception must immediately and directly lead to a further perception '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He went swiftly up the sidewalk toward the parked car with the two Beach detectives in the front seat . (Filtered Words: 0)
others suggest its coming loss or describe the poet's feelings when he learns of a final separation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But we are neither blind nor insane . (Filtered Words: 0)
They may even dismiss it from their minds as something that concerns only the `` ecclesiastical Rover Boys '' , as someone has dubbed them , who like to go to national and international assemblies , and have expense accounts that permit them to do so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten-thousand-dollar bequest . (Filtered Words: 0)
then a couple of fluorescent lamps over the workbench an' I guess we're about through down here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The woman covered with growing hands came and sat beside them . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the end Hough's acidulous protest , which Parker called the `` now somewhat famous note on this ' Selden ' case '' , did not go unheeded . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the street , walking as quickly as he could , [FILTERED] was a lone figure . (Filtered Words: 1)
His hand was large and square and heavily tanned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our presidential campaigns provide much debate and argument . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one is to judge others '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was organizationally the responsibility of the Department of Public Works and was financed on a rotary fund basis with each agency of government contributing to the pool's operation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Top dog , sleeping and eating right there with the Staff . (Filtered Words: 0)
; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He began to pack the saddlebags . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was at my first Communion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Molding (Filtered Words: 0)
Deterrent (Filtered Words: 0)
Try that late winter pickup when you are so tired of cold and snow that you feel you just can't take another day of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is low when the thyroid is overactive and high when the gland is sluggish . (Filtered Words: 0)
The feathered lance was still above his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Idje still stared over our shoulders at the horizon . (Filtered Words: 0)
While most of his beliefs were still unsettled , he knew that he did not believe in killing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why put such a high value on being top dog '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A variety of techniques have been directed toward the isolation and study of blood group antibodies . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 7 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
And when this was gone , he hadn't even a little bitter tablet to purify other water if he were to discover some stagnant jungle pool . (Filtered Words: 0)
We can do this through the characteristic values and vectors of T in certain special cases , i.e. , when the minimal polynomial for T factors over the scalar field F into a product of distinct monic polynomials of degree 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the company under review is supplying what we are here regarding as only one kind of service , we might suppose that the problem of total cost apportionment would be very simple ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They should know simple exercises that could prepare less fortunate children for the sports we will demand be taught . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever the source of [FILTERED]'s power , Marina is his captive now ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
While there are still many bugs to be ironed out , the technique is fast developing . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Dunston the rent would run close to two hundred a month ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sturley's allusion probably explains why [FILTERED] took out the patent in the names of Best and [FILTERED] , for Sir [FILTERED] described Best as `` a scrivener within Temple Bar , that deals in many matters for my L. Essex '' through Sir [FILTERED] , especially in `` causes that he would not be known of '' . (Filtered Words: 4)
But he was back at work on a car . (Filtered Words: 0)
Palmer , meanwhile , had been having his troubles . (Filtered Words: 0)
He moistened his lips uneasily . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stared into a cadaverous face . (Filtered Words: 1)
Producer [FILTERED] should have looked at some of the old silent films where they really had parties ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Slight downward pressure (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the drawing-room shutters was partly open and he made out the shapes of chairs and sofas , which seemed to be upholstered in brown or russet velvet . (Filtered Words: 0)
And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates . (Filtered Words: 0)
She did this now , comfortably aware of the mist running down the windows , of the silence outside , of the dark afternoon it was getting to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is willing to sell it just to get it off his hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this point [FILTERED] , long an advocate of patent peace in the industry , became chairman of the patents committee of the National Automobile Chamber of Commerce , successor to the Automobile Board of Trade . (Filtered Words: 1)
She wasn't quite sure that I felt enough remorse about my drinking , or that I would not return to it once I was out and on my own again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Subsequent sections on grants describe the other categories of the grant structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The music drove them off , or away , and he was free to walk on air in a very few moments , humming and jiving within , beating the rhythm within . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now Britain has decided to seek admission to the European Economic Community and it seems certain that she will be joined by some of her partners in the loose Free Trade Area of the `` Outer Seven '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cursing himself for having ridden out the last few days without a rifle in his saddle boot , [FILTERED] drew his Colt and examined it briefly . (Filtered Words: 1)
We've got rid of the steam yachts and Georgian houses , and the bloated , too-expensive automobile is next . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All too frequently '' , points out [FILTERED] , managing editor of Commonweal , `` Catholics run roughshod over Protestant sensibilities in this matter , by failure to consider the reasoning behind the Protestant position and , particularly , by their jibes at the fact that Protestant opinion on birth control has changed in recent decades '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
it would be just like him . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last the White House is going to get some much-copied furniture by that master American craftsman , [FILTERED] , whose designs were snubbed in his lifetime when the U. S. Presidents of the 19th Century sent abroad for their furnishings . (Filtered Words: 1)
Funeral services were held Thursday afternoon at four o'clock at the home . (Filtered Words: 0)
The actual pressure was not determined because the pressure was beyond the upper limit of the apparatus on hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brenner continued to smile , but his eyes were cold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Retirement policies (Filtered Words: 0)
In general , a high anode voltage reduces chromatic aberrations and thus increases the obtainable resolution . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just about to call a taxi '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On all sides doors were being slammed in his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the primary mathematical properties of the middle number at the center of [FILTERED] , and the interrelation of all the other numbers to it , might seem enough to account for the deep fascination which [FILTERED] held for the Old Chinese philosophers , this was actually only a beginning of wonders . (Filtered Words: 2)
Berlin is merely being used by Moscow as a stalking horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Handle men . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the panjandrum of Wisconsin Socialism and member of Congress , had asked [FILTERED] to translate some of his German editorials into English . (Filtered Words: 2)
His breath caught , and , trembling , he closed his eyes and stumbled off . (Filtered Words: 0)
So far as I am concerned , the child is unmistakably father to the man , despite the obvious fact that child and father differ greatly -- sometimes for the better and sometimes for the worse . (Filtered Words: 0)
The uniform fiscal year requires compliance with common sense administration of local finances : adoption of the budget , or financial plan , in advance of spending . (Filtered Words: 0)
An equally tenable thesis is that the dearth of new thought was created by the Senate's own penchant for crucifying anyone whose ideas seem unorthodox to the next generation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] has been in the hospital but is expected back Tuesday . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1910 it required the convening of a special three-judge court for the issuance of certain injunctions and allowed direct appeals to the Supreme Court . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he threw things . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quint couldn't blame [FILTERED] for disbelieving . (Filtered Words: 1)
in the United States 300,000 succumbed to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I wheeled about , finned fore and aft , I was the darling of the doormen . (Filtered Words: 0)
2.1 observations (Filtered Words: 0)
it incorporates an automatic knot-tying device on each spindle , and it will knot a break in the yarn in 10 seconds as well as tie in new bobbins as the running end is exhausted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
I was twenty-one back then , in the army , and fog put our plane down at Orly instead of Rhine-Main . (Filtered Words: 0)
The police car had pulled up behind a small sedan , its headlights still on . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED] has indicated his dissatisfaction with its performance . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No , Millie , I'm home . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in a sudden wave of painful clarity , [FILTERED] recognized a kinship with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
He had not covered a hundred yards before a gun crashed from somewhere behind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Earlier , [FILTERED] said in a statement : (Filtered Words: 1)
The Soviet Embassy is popularly regarded as Russian espionage headquarters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , the hydrolysis of paraoxon was studied in mammalian sera , and it was found that it is hydrolyzed by albumin ( or a factor attached to it ) in addition to arylesterase . (Filtered Words: 0)
The swirling sand made Quint's limp more pronounced . (Filtered Words: 0)
This claim , as submitted to the District Court and dismissed by it , 126 F.Supp.235 , alleged violation not only of 7 of the Clayton Act , but also of 1 and 2 of the Sherman Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
That his moods , even in his early years , are those of his people , does him honor , as his music honors those who inspired it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He pulled open the top drawer of his desk and drew out a tintype . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am very pleased to have the doubt of suspicion removed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] had giggled , and she went sweeping and rustling to the couch and sank down . (Filtered Words: 1)
Steel Company of Wales , a British steelmaker , wants to bring in Virginia coal , cut down on its takings of Welsh coal in order to be able to compete more effectively -- especially in foreign markets . (Filtered Words: 0)
We stood under a gigantic tree in the rolling country just outside of Moscow looking at silent flowers on the grave of a Russian poet and writer who cherished the love for his country to the point of foregoing the highest international honor . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can't go in . (Filtered Words: 0)
These include encouragement of , and assistance to , the engineer in preparation and publication of technical papers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It required an energy he no longer possessed to be satirical about his father . (Filtered Words: 0)
As stated earlier in the paper , Onsets and Completions -- particularly the former -- provide a different tool or indicator of expectancy in osseous development , each within a limited age period . (Filtered Words: 0)
He opened the myth book again and there ( along the margin next to [FILTERED] imaginative interpretation of the creation of the [FILTERED] from [FILTERED]'s fingertips ) were the names of four [FILTERED] bars and [FILTERED] address . (Filtered Words: 5)
By virtue of the legal responsibilities of the Department of Employment in the farm placement program , we necessarily found ourselves in the middle between these two forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the campers still come . (Filtered Words: 0)
Swadesh , and therefore Hoijer , felt compelled to omit all terms denoting species or even genera ( ox , vulture , salmon , yellow pine , manzanita ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In other words , the anti-trust laws , designed to reduce prices to the consumer on Monday , Wednesday and Friday , become a tool to protect the marginal manufacturer on Tuesday , Thursday and Saturday . (Filtered Words: 0)
The door opened and three men and a woman in a sari swept past him and down the stairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
They kill and destroy , retard or prevent reproduction and growth , impair and damage values , and disrupt uses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since strong nociceptive stimuli produce an experimental neurosis during which the animals fail to eat in the experimental situation , [FILTERED] thought that he could utilize the feeding-pain antagonism to inhibit the neurotic symptoms through feeding . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dulles ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The poor , unlucky -- (Filtered Words: 0)
He echoed again in soft wonder . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the feeding station , the raffish group of cowbirds again bobbed and gobbled over the ground , but now , gorgeous among them , was a beautiful red cardinal , radiant in its feathered vestments . (Filtered Words: 0)
So much for the tiresome facts , as familiar to you , I'm sure , as to the constables and state troopers who followed in your wake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boundary maintenance . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will accommodate firing rates as low as a half gallon an hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hope for the future would lie in the natural longing of the human race for freedom and the right to develop '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus cortico-fugal discharges induced by topical application of strychnine to a minute area in the neocortex summate with spikes present in the hypothalamus and cause increased convulsive discharges . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the first of 2,800,000 called to the Army through the selective service system . (Filtered Words: 0)
In what section of the country are you located ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The confused rambling of guerrilla warfare , such as most of [FILTERED]'s campaigns were , was brought to life by [FILTERED]'s pen in some of the best passages in the books . (Filtered Words: 2)
These balls are moving in great circles and ellipses , and are of course , the electrons , the particles of negative electricity which by their action create the forces that tie this atom of calcium to the neighboring atoms of oxygen and make up the solid structure of my finger bone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Victoria was fourteen months younger than Quint , a head taller , and could lick any boy or girl on the beach . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result was that I found myself in the ridiculous position of having made a formal engagement by letter for the next week , only two days before my departure from London . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boating (Filtered Words: 0)
They are very small , and in the form of haystacks , without either chimney or windows . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was an almost exact copy of his father physically and it was strange to see the expected become the unexpected . (Filtered Words: 1)
In turn each of us in our own way depended , as gods do , upon his worship '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He then switches back to a consideration of the seven principal Presidential hopefuls : five Democrats -- Senator [FILTERED] , Senator [FILTERED] , Senator [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and Mr. [FILTERED] -- and two Republicans -- Governor Rockefeller and Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 6)
Now , having been sent halfway around the world on a job she had not asked for , [FILTERED] was being humiliated at every turn . (Filtered Words: 1)
Folly danced , eager for whatever lay beyond the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not resent their supervision or Virginia's sometimes tiring sympathy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's fun , and it's easy -- so easy that there is time left after cooking , and tent keeping , for the women to get out and enjoy outdoor fun with their families . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will it live up to its reputation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Cady trailed her with the coffee cups and settled into his favorite chair in the comfortable book-lined room . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` These are the board's minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
One wife , described by a New York psychologist , so dominated her husband that she actually placed their sexual relationship on a schedule , writing it down right between the weekly PTA meetings and the Thursday-night neighborhood card parties . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , the BBB has reported it was receiving four times as many inquiries about quack devices and 10 times as many complaints compared with two years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Make your confession to God , Kizzie dear , not to the congregation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As you know , General [FILTERED] has been occupying Beverly . (Filtered Words: 1)
As a consequence , he did neither . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pale yellow snapdragons that by pinching could be made to bite ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There are many ways of producing a foamed urethane product . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get up , Crouch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Trujillo's dictatorship had been along conservative , right-wing lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
The infant is discovered by a fisherman who brings him home to rear him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Operations of this nature offer the best opportunity to recognize scientific status . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was framed in maroon drapes , and no faces were visible . (Filtered Words: 0)
First I make preliminary watercolor sketches in quarter scale ( approximately Af inches ) in which I pay particular attention to the design principles of three simple values -- the lightest light , the middle tone , and the darkest dark -- by reducing the forms of my subject to these large patterns . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could an employee's garden club take over partial care of plant grounds ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a 6-foot-3-inch 158-pounder , gave up the Orioles' last two safeties over the final three frames , escaping a load of trouble in the ninth when the Birds threatened but failed to tally . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1960 , [FILTERED] published Basic Vocabulary In some Mon-Khmer Languages ( AL 2 , No. 3 , pp. 7 - 11 ) , which compares 8 Mon-Khmer languages with the I-E language data on which Swadesh based the revised retention rate ( Af ) in place of original ( Af ) , and his revised 100 word basic glottochronological list in Towards Greater Accuracy ( IJAL 21 : : (Filtered Words: 1)
True ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The traditional strategy of the South has been to expose the vices of the North , to demonstrate that the North possessed no superior virtue , to `` show the world that '' as [FILTERED]'s [FILTERED] said to his adversaries ) `` however bad I may be , you're not quite the people to say it '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
At dinner the courses were carried in by tall cuirassiers in red capes and black fur caps topped with tufts of feathers , marching in pairs like guards from a stage tragedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , the boy's credentials were in order -- scholastic transcript , character references , picture , health record , successful college boards . (Filtered Words: 0)
From Baton Rouge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leave me alone , Gun thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the masculine animate infinitive dabhumaksanigalu'ahai , meaning to live , was , in the perfect tense , ksu'u'peli'afo , and , in the future , mai'teipa . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stacy replied that it would bankrupt Forbes , who had just sunk all his money in a real estate venture . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Today I go see the horses '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
So they parted when she was in an impatient humor . (Filtered Words: 0)
That first entry there is the Vermont Flumenophobe , the earliest and one of the most successful of my eighty-three varieties -- great big scapulars and hardly any primaries at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inside the crown , stuffed behind the stained sweatband , could be seen thin , crumpled wads of currency . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I feel I must answer the question '' , he said , `` since the onus later , if any , should fall on me -- I don't relish recriminations spread broadcast outside my family . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sun grew hotter as it approached the midday . (Filtered Words: 0)
It reappears , in whole or part , whenever a new crisis exposes the reality : in Cuba last spring ( with which the Dominican events of last month should be paired ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
More importantly , he also happens to be the brother-in-law of [FILTERED] , Speaker of the House . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the local level , compacts continue to grab a larger share of the market at the expense of lower-priced standard models and foreign cars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Less ambitious freeway plans may be more successful -- especially when the roadways and interchanges are raised , allowing for cross access at many points and providing parking areas below the ramp . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pauling paused again . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Miss [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
1 , (Filtered Words: 0)
Americans eat too much fat . (Filtered Words: 0)
But with today's demand for professional qualifications and specialized training , the need for `` outsiders '' becomes more pressing . (Filtered Words: 0)
that was Pennsylvania . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , we had one birth before the end of the course , and another student had to take the final examiantion a week early , just to be on the safe side . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is the oldest and most experienced of the lot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just when it seems baseball might be losing its grip on the masses up pops heroics to start millions of tongues to wagging . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first possibility requires that there be a line through P which meets **zg in Af points ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He does not mean to say that Adam lost the similitude of God and his immortality through the fall ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
McBride gave him his opportunity when he showed up in town with a pistol on his hip . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look at the things we do to escape our fears and to forget our worries . (Filtered Words: 0)
As Broadway itself becomes increasingly weighted down by trite , heavy-handed , commercially successful musicals and inspirational problem dramas , the American theatre is going through an inexorable renaissance in that nebulous area known as `` off-Broadway '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A signal cannot be cleared until all the related turnouts are properly thrown and locked . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
Our central goal should be to provide the greatest positive incentive for these societies to tackle boldly the tasks which they face . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's here in my pocket '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the end of the century the Roman Catholic Church was beginning to make itself felt , mainly through such institutions as hospitals but also through its attitude towards organized labour . (Filtered Words: 0)
This became a dance called Prelude To Flight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Refunds of less than $1 will not be made unless you attach a separate application to your return requesting such a refund . (Filtered Words: 0)
McBride staggered into the street , flopped sprawling in the stinging dust . (Filtered Words: 0)
This could also be used for any other skin irritation . (Filtered Words: 0)
I did not despair , however ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
So , I mustered my few words of the Manu dialect and said , `` We greet you in peace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carbon resistors and impurity-doped germanium resistors have been investigated for use as precision secondary thermometers in the liquid helium temperature region . (Filtered Words: 0)
Photos showed later that she'd been about six feet from Means . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine's eyes opened , squeezed shut , then opened squinted in the glare . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had , she said , heard that the plant was closing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another is a wily countryman called [FILTERED] , whose blandly boisterous progress has been chronicled , I believe , in earlier volumes of Mr. [FILTERED]' comedie humaine . (Filtered Words: 2)
( In Washington , the Federal Bureau of Investigation identified the [FILTERED] as [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , an American couple formerly of New York City ) (Filtered Words: 3)
There had been no sign of a rifleman and no track or trace to show that anyone had been near . (Filtered Words: 0)
Palfrey's brothers each received lots of sixteen Negroes , and for bookkeeping purposes it was agreed that all lots were to be valued at $6,666.66 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Respect for the opinions of mankind (Filtered Words: 0)
The record of past earnings and prospects for the future must indicate it has the ability to repay the loan out of current and anticipated income . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were not sufficiently challenging however , and she resigned in 1887 , to go to Germany with her brother [FILTERED] and his family while he was there on study . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ernie was screaming inside himself : No , damn you , you ain't gonna take my meal ticket away from me ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] seized a blanket from a pallet in a corner , spread it on the floor and used it to form a bag in which he placed his booty . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the fifteenth magnitude , Af , and at the twenty-fifth magnitude , Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This year , coach Royal told me if I'd work on my place-kicking he thought he could use me '' , said Moritz . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among Christian groups , the Mennonites have commonly been aware more than others of the fact that the nature of divine charity raises decisively the question of the Christian use of all forms of pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the film can be applied to back-lighted translucent plastics faces ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Being an intelligent man , John must have guessed what everyone thought about Edythe , but he never let on by so much as a brave smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Above all , we should seek to encourage the leaders of these societies to accept the unpleasant fact that they are responsible for their fates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Circular motion , however , since it is eternal and perfectly continuous , lacks termini . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rides were tame enough -- mostly we talked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arriving at daybreak , they found [FILTERED] in his corral and demanded that he surrender . (Filtered Words: 1)
On July 14 the Security Council -- with France and Great Britain abstaining -- voted the resolution which drew the U.N. into the Congo . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bacteria formed typical activated sludge floc . (Filtered Words: 0)
( When you see him , you'll notice his habit of fingering , I might almost say , stroking a large mole with black hairs on it , by his right temple . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , for most of the population of heterogeneous advanced societies , though less for the less religious portion , religion does perform certain modal individual and social functions . (Filtered Words: 0)
whom shall I fear ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Out came the journal and in it went [FILTERED]'s own description of the scene : (Filtered Words: 1)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
The dust clogged their throats , and the heat parched them , so that the women were always making ice water . (Filtered Words: 0)
An archery tournament will be held at North Falmouth , Mass. ( Sept. 23 , 24 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The maximum angular diameter of any planetary disk as observed from the earth is about 1 minute of arc . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet during the same period there were 1,080,062 additions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Astonishingly enough , it was my own voice I heard there in the darkness , begging this man to make love to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sleep was difficult these days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Repeat these drill and tap operations for each of the tappet bars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Six cities and towns are now on a July 1 to June 30 fiscal year and will need only to adjust their tax collection year calendar to establish uniformity . (Filtered Words: 0)
He worked standing , with his left hand in his pocket as though he were merely stopping for a moment , sketching with the surprised stare of one who was watching another person's hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others look to more objective devices of order . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bulk of the press corps was covering Rheinholdt's conference . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Our church is sponsoring a group of very courageous women up in Alaska . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet there was some precedent for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The need here is most clearly felt and our capacity to recruit and train qualified volunteers in a short period of time is greatest . (Filtered Words: 0)
The capacity of intellectuals and members of the new professional classes to contribute creatively to national development is likely to be destroyed by a constraining sense of inferiority toward both their own political class and their colleagues and professional counterparts in the West . (Filtered Words: 0)
of his championship of many of the progressive social measures which adorn our statute books today , and of his cooperation in times of adversity with Presidents of both of our major parties in helping to pilot the Ship of State through the shoals of today's stormy international seas . (Filtered Words: 0)
The award was made by Judge [FILTERED] who heard their petition without a jury by agreement of the parties . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s fee , [FILTERED] said , was 10 per cent of the janitors' pay . (Filtered Words: 2)
I dropped the sheet , glanced at my watch . (Filtered Words: 0)
In each city quick public reaction and fast action by the city government halted the threats of more serious incidents . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Y'all should have let me take that money out '' , Andrus said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'd druther stay here and watch the girls '' , [FILTERED] grinned . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but I couldn't remember where we had met . (Filtered Words: 0)
The impact with the utility pole caused a brief power failure in the immediate area of the accident . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll foil them in droves , along with their pal humidity , by having and using a kitchen range exhaust fan , a bathroom ventilator for when you shower , and an outside vent for the clothes drier . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would condemnation be fitting if , independently of the condemnation , there were nothing bad to condemn ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Had a funny experience at Newport yesterday afternoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] fashioned much of pre-Revolutionary radical ideology , wrote the constitution of his home state of Massachusetts , negotiated , with Franklin and [FILTERED] , the peace with Britain and served as our first Vice President and our second President . (Filtered Words: 2)
Our camp was in the center of a wide valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] found that orthodox procedures of deep plowing , use of chemical fertilizers and insecticides , plus the application of conservation principles of rotation and contouring , did not prevent sheet erosion in the potato fields and depreciation of the soil . (Filtered Words: 1)
So this proxy situation has set up at least a partial barrier between the medium's ESP and the absent sitter's mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
I myself was one of the skeptics ( 35 years ago ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Russians , Filipinos . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twenty-nine exhibits received awards . (Filtered Words: 0)
Truly , that Liberals should choose [FILTERED] , as a bogey-symbol of conservatism is grotesquely ironic , considering the [FILTERED] , character of their Grand Monarque , [FILTERED] : not only in his accretion of absolute power and personal deification , ( le roi gouverne par lui meme ) , but in the disastrous effects of his spending and war policies . (Filtered Words: 2)
A boy soprano named [FILTERED] sang a Durante solo motet and a few other passages enchantingly . (Filtered Words: 1)
This seems to refer , not to the loan [FILTERED] had asked for , but to a proposed bargain with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] paused there , looking across at the young fellow . (Filtered Words: 1)
more chapters of [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He lost all sense of dignity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Garrison , Massachusetts born of [FILTERED] parentage , was by temperament and conviction a reformer . (Filtered Words: 1)
Giffen suggested fifty dollars as fair compensation for a year's work ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , as an encouragement to revisionist thinking , it manifestly is fair to admit that any fraternity has a constitutional right to refuse to accept persons it dislikes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reason for the failure of these treatments to eliminate nonspecific staining in the conjugates in our system is not known . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was all . (Filtered Words: 0)
For several months now , [FILTERED] , a big overgrown boy of fifteen with a fuzzy , pimpled face and greenish catlike eyes with a lot of red in them , had been haunted by a dream , a vision , of a Woman . (Filtered Words: 1)
The President spent much of the week-end at his summer home on [FILTERED] writing the first drafts of portions of the address with the help of White House aids in Washington with whom he talked by telephone . (Filtered Words: 1)
We should encourage the governments to develop their own technical assistance to communities , state and provincial governments , rural communities , and other smaller groups , making certain that no important segment of the economy is neglected . (Filtered Words: 0)
All for $14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he suffered him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wisconsin Dells , where fantastically scenic rocks carved by the Wisconsin River are overgrown with fern and other foliage , rates a stopover when traveling from Chicago . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time the multiple transvestitism involved -- the fat man as girl and as baby , as coquette pretending to be a baby -- touches for a moment horrifyingly upon the secret sources of a life like [FILTERED]'s , upon the sinister dreams which form the sources of any human life . (Filtered Words: 1)
He knew all the events which could take place on Shayol . (Filtered Words: 0)
I commend Senator [FILTERED] for his brave fight to establish a national park in the dunes area . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- New York Central Railroad president [FILTERED] said Tuesday his line would face the threat of bankruptcy if the Chesapeake & Ohio and Baltimore & Ohio Railroads merge . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Sounds like real love '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
One less shouldn't matter to him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ludie screeched at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hell it isn't dinnertime , two waving tails told [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , for non-negative changes in the basic wage rate , the industry becomes the active wage-setter , since any increase in the basic wage rate can occur only by reason of industry acquiescence . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] announced a switch in his starting pitcher , from [FILTERED] to [FILTERED] , for several reasons : 1 [FILTERED]'s 4-0 won-lost record and 1.24 earned-run mark against Pittsburgh a year ago ; ; (Filtered Words: 4)
His schedule calls for a noon speech Monday in [FILTERED] at the Emerald Empire Kiwanis Club . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- Duties of Church Membership ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as p'lite an -- an cohnfidunt , an Ah says ' Uh coahse you cain't ' , but he says ' Whah nawt , you ah hevin one ' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If we remove ourselves for a moment from our time and our infatuation with mental disease , isn't there something absurd about a hero in a novel who is defeated by his infantile neurosis ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost nothing is said of [FILTERED]' spectacular victories , the central theme being the heroic loyalty of the Swedish people to their idolized king in misfortune and defeat . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Is that you , Father ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You know I know it '' , Robinson answered warily . (Filtered Words: 0)
I cannot be content with the anecdotal small talk of a somewhat unusual travelogue . (Filtered Words: 0)
At fifteen he didn't care that he had no mother , that he couldn't remember her face or her touch ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All these -- potboilers or no -- provided a welcome breath of fresh air in the form of lively , colorful , unstuffy works well suited for the great out-of-doors . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was therefore not until the publication of J.H. Round's `` The Settlement Of The South And East Saxons '' , and [FILTERED] `` Dr. [FILTERED] And The English Conquest Of South Britain '' , that a scientific basis for place-name studies was established . (Filtered Words: 2)
it also provides facilities and incitements for the development of personality , sociality , and creativeness . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have just returned from Roswell , N.M. , where we were defeated , 34 to 9 '' , the young man noted . (Filtered Words: 0)
He caught officer [FILTERED]' eye , nodded toward young [FILTERED] , and -- `` I swung my right as hard as I could . (Filtered Words: 2)
He threw his head back , closed his eyes , and belched ferociously . (Filtered Words: 0)
False ideas surfeit another sector of our life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Students of anthropology and comparative religion had long been aware that there was , indeed , a direct connection . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her days as an art student at the University of Budapest came to a sudden end during the Hungarian uprisings in 1957 and she and her husband Stephen fled to Vienna . (Filtered Words: 0)
the southern United States , extending from Florida in the east to Texas in the west , still maintains its unique flavor of gracious living and historical elegance . (Filtered Words: 0)
A chance remark about [FILTERED]'s sealed train brought the rejoinder that this was a myth akin to [FILTERED] cherry tree . (Filtered Words: 2)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I do not have to be bribed by office to be a Democrat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other Indians were running at the ponies , shrilling and waving blankets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Example 11 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was ready , like [FILTERED] , to present my own brief . (Filtered Words: 1)
One looked forward to Mr. [FILTERED]'s ninth book if only because not even a reasonably good novel has yet been written grounded on automobile racing , as dramatic a sport as mankind has devised . (Filtered Words: 1)
crossed himself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Pennsylvania thus blanketed would contain about a quintillion peas . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've been thinking '' , she said , swallowing the toast . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked more like twenty-five or six . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you didn't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , proposals for fixed installations should be carefully weighed against a counterpart mobile system . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ever hear of squatter's rights '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Here and there (Filtered Words: 0)
Pleasure boating is just scooting into its best months in California as crisp breezes bring out craft of every size on every kind of water -- ocean , lake and reservoir . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have been [FILTERED] who handled her affairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
In order to exonerate himself , he is compelled to find the real criminal , who happens to be his girl friend . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] still hesitated , but [FILTERED] lifted him almost bodily into the saddle and thrust the reins in his hand . (Filtered Words: 2)
The girl in the prow of the outrigger turned a smile like a beacon on me . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll need your Weider Power Stands for this fine exercise and here's the way it's done : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
his dinner fell anywhere from nine to noon ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If only the latter were true . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] tried to stretch his blow into a triple , he was cut down in a close play at third , Tuttle to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
While this was under consideration , dauntless as ever [FILTERED] set about the building of Taliesin 3 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The motor pool then , as now , had headquarter facilities in Providence and other garages located throughout the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 , (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who would be [FILTERED] so very soon now , rang up her first sale of the day and counted back the change . (Filtered Words: 2)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
At the central level the scrutin uninominal voting system was selected over some form of the scrutin de liste system , even though the latter had been recommended by [FILTERED] and favored by all political parties . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the railroads , for example , regularly slaughtered 25,000 passengers each year , the high priests of the cult would have cause to tremble for their personal safety , for such a holocaust would excite demands for the hanging of every railroad president in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
Related to written literature , and often remaining temporarily frozen in written form , it loses its vitality when transcribed or removed from its oral existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The commission had issued an administrative order which was challenged as discriminatory against Negroes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Draw each outline in a different-color chalk , one on top of the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
The secondary consequences from this could be very serious and must be taken into consideration in planning for defense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Physical plant and equipment can be efficiently developed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was , to Helva , only a matter of the correct reproduction and diaphragmic control required by the music attempted . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this instance , there was a dosage of 562 during the first two hours and a total dosage of 1980 for the four-hour period , a four-fold increase . (Filtered Words: 0)
They seem darned proud of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we don't take care , the sisters will be entering the fray on opposite sides , brandishing their cudgels '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But for many of us , it will prove an enjoyable luxury . (Filtered Words: 0)
I may be wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so , he squirms with each play , remembering his youth . (Filtered Words: 0)
A program of Lay Visitation Evangelism can end in dismal defeat with half the new members drifting away unless practical plans and strenuous efforts are made to keep them in the active fellowship . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The gods seemed to think sex pretty important '' , she rebutted . (Filtered Words: 0)
The engineer turned works manager had a particular view of life -- and refused to change it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gala is the Thrift Shop's annual bundle party and , as all Thrift Shop friends know , that means the admission is a bundle of used clothing in good condition , contributions of household equipment , bric-a-brac and such to stock the shelves at the shop's headquarters at 1213 Walnut St. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though in most cases the completion of the definitive editions of their writings is still years off , enough documentation has already been assembled to warrant drawing a new composite profile of the leadership which performed the heroic dual feats of winning American independence and founding a new nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
I would have liked the town and the busyness of its people but I always followed Lilly into the peace of the silent and unstaring road . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been a choir boy at the Holy Name Cathedral and also served as an acolyte to Father [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] had smilingly said . (Filtered Words: 1)
It forced us to fix the responsibility for the position in which all medical commentators had been placed . (Filtered Words: 0)
That such a tradition lies behind The Iliad and The Odyssey , at least , is hard to deny . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he wouldn't ask her -- he wasn't the kind of man who would force his wife to submit to him against her will . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapter 15 provides more detailed information about specific techniques used in evaluating pupil progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
It isn't only birds that dump their children in other people's nests . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you want to get them aired '' (Filtered Words: 0)
) From the technical standpoint , records differ from live music to the degree that they fail to convey the true color , texture , complexity , range , intensity , pulse , and pitch of the original . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is the kind of people they are . (Filtered Words: 0)
) She might now have taken it away again . (Filtered Words: 0)
she always packed for a lifetime , just in case . (Filtered Words: 0)
they will be faithful unto death . (Filtered Words: 0)
the three Moldavian dances entitled `` Zhok '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Reenact everything [FILTERED] did . (Filtered Words: 1)
This gave the Juniors the use of the entire ring at the show -- a great advantage to them ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It flags such possible breakdowns of communication as rehearsed dialogue , the note of disapproval , ambivalence or ambiguity , annoyance , resentment , and the disinclination to speak at all -- this last often marked by a fade-in beginning of sentences . (Filtered Words: 0)
This section prevents the military departments and the Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization from carrying out certain transactions involving real property unless they come into agreement with the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives . (Filtered Words: 0)
They , however much they were in disagreement with the late Victorians over the method by which Britain was Germanized , agreed with them that the end result was the complete extinction of the previous Celtic population and civilization . (Filtered Words: 0)
He himself seems to be tough , tireless , able and intelligent , more intellectual and self-critical than most soldiers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Soviets understand , moreover , that the first step in turning a country toward Communism is to turn it against the West . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would present a forum for them in almost every community . (Filtered Words: 0)
We send shovels , cement , nails , and corrugated iron for roofs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here would be a powerful force for raising business activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
roads and river barges to be built . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gov. [FILTERED]'s New Commerce and Industry Commission is moving to create a nine-state regional group in a collective effort to attract new industry . (Filtered Words: 1)
A brief for the negative (Filtered Words: 0)
It included the top O'Banion men and Chief of Detectives [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her cough sounded like cloth ripping . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 , (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We could put up cribs on the second floor sleeping porch and turn the front bedroom into a playroom where it's nice and sunny , but of course it would entail quite a bit of running up and down stairs and [FILTERED] said you were to be careful about that '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Maybe the Indian wasn't too much at fault , Ramey thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm just finishing breakfast . (Filtered Words: 0)
We may say of some unfortunates that they were never young . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matthew 6 : 14-15 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Classified ads are also chockfull of misrelated constructions . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a short time the officer returned and [FILTERED] followed on his heels . (Filtered Words: 1)
This was the big man with the proprietory air and the beetling , shaggy eyebrows . (Filtered Words: 0)
The coffee wasn't very hot though , made in a filter pot , but it was good . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was surprised at Mayor [FILTERED]'s defeat , but perhaps Mayor-elect Cavanagh can accomplish some things that should have been done years ago . (Filtered Words: 1)
At a nod of his head they let go , turning to cup their ears against the icy slipstream . (Filtered Words: 0)
The day will come , in midsummer , when you find your plants becoming `` leggy '' , running to tall-growing foliage at the expense of blossoms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fats & coronaries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even Harriet could boldly write , `` I know not how it is ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They did not actively negate them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Into Washington on President-elect [FILTERED] [FILTERED] , the [FILTERED] , winged Actor-Crooner [FILTERED] and his close Hollywood pal , Cinemactor [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]'s brother-in-law . (Filtered Words: 6)
I looked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Needless to say , my art suffered drastically during this turbulent period . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sensation he so overwhelmingly realized was one which told him he had been there before but he knew he had not , and could not recall any place he had visited to be likened to the limpid green water or the little fountain-falls or the green demon imprisoned beyond his reach . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another approach is to estimate from the rate of growth and the smallest size at maturity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here are suggestions for the frankfurter trimmings : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
thus Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American newspaperman worried about getting to the cable office . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie's eyebrows went up . (Filtered Words: 0)
The English lady really wanted to put a wreath on the [FILTERED] monument on the 30th of April . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the end , I did the same old picture , the naked girl and the guy in the doorway , only I put a Lord Byron shirt on the guy , gave him a sword instead of a pistol , and painted in furniture from the stills of a costume movie . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a junior at Wilson High School and president of Spice-Nice , is the young executive who guided his firm to the top-ranking position over the 4,500 other Junior Achievement companies in the United States and Canada . (Filtered Words: 1)
Only the teacher and other professional personnel are permitted to see or use these records . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each state advisory committee documented its own activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
That fall he submitted to Professor [FILTERED] the first acts and outlines of the following acts of several plays , six of them , according to some of his associates , and he also worked on a play that he first called Niggertown , the material for which he had collected during the summer at home . (Filtered Words: 1)
He couldn't make out what he was saying . (Filtered Words: 0)
the colors of its back were dull and gray-looking , torn and smashed in , and dirty from the boy's shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
So I can hear you while I'm checkin' the car . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is a great conception . (Filtered Words: 0)
I practically had to sign your life away , you'll probably fire me for some of the deals I had to go for , but '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes a burst of aggressiveness will sweep over a man -- or his wife -- because he or she feels age creeping up . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was an annual audit , [FILTERED] informed him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The U.N.-chartered plane which was flying from the conference city of Ndola in Northern Rhodesia had been riddled with machinegun bullets last weekend and was newly repaired . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fascinating letter has just reached this desk from a correspondent who likes to receive so-called junk mail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , they made naught of [FILTERED]'s prophecy that capitalism would never pay the `` workers '' -- to use [FILTERED]'s word -- more than a subsistence wage , with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the capitalists' pockets with the result , in turn , that the gap between the rich and the poor would irrevocably widen and the misery of the poor increase . (Filtered Words: 2)
Wilkes was quite right about one thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
yet the water in the ground should not be stagnant either . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Salted butter was another cure for bruises . (Filtered Words: 0)
One manufacturer who held an allegedly basic patent said : `` I would readily put over $50,000 into the manufacture of the device , but it is so easy to make that we would enter immediately into a prolonged ordeal of patent litigation which would eat up all our profits '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I once trained a horse for [FILTERED] , but nothing like [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
( 2 ) their pattern of involvement in the regular legal and political processes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Letters by the reams came in from investment firms all over the nation , all of them wanting to get a part of the shares that would be sold ( 185,000 to the public at $12.50 , with another 5,000 reserved for Morton Foods employes at $11.50 a share ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
I let the engine idle then , and I got down and went around the wheel and stood beside it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you like to sew ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I didn't notice it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The existing Army posts were wholly inadequate . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was one vote for location being the place where the property is situated for the greater portion of the twelve months preceding the assessment date . (Filtered Words: 0)
The costumes are stunning evocations of the voluminous gowns and picture hats of the Gibson Girl days . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My souls' a-gracious '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
it has sought new sympathy for the human aspirations of racial minority groups in this country . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bank of Wisconsin sent a representative to the judge's chambers in [FILTERED] to give information on [FILTERED]'s ability to meet the terms . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` History has this in common with every other science : that the historian is not allowed to claim any single piece of knowledge , except where he can justify his claim by exhibiting to himself in the first place , and secondly to any one else who is both able and willing to follow his demonstration , the grounds upon which it is based . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeds of soybean , cotton , corn , sesame , and rape yield semidrying oils . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has spoken but little since the fire last Saturday . (Filtered Words: 1)
All artistic and mythological representations , therefore , are `` imitations of imitations '' and are completely superseded by the truth value of `` dialectic '' , the proper use of the inquiring intellect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Put the 12 tappets and some Af locking bar spacers in the frame to help align all the components before you tighten the screws . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was the man drunk or crazy or both ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A million dollars' of gold a month . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus far , the cases which have come before the courts have involved only the issue of referral where the job is vacant due to a strike -- condition ( 1 ) in the Regulation of the Secretary . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , `` My dear , do you know what [FILTERED] is '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
if we are born of god we have faith in Christ as the only saviour . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm going to let him tell it to somebody else '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Blessed Saint Nicholas , I thank thee for getting me out of that mess and sending me up instead of down when I was bewildered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strippers , but scrumptious , and [FILTERED] and her all-lesbian band '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Procaine penicillin . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's a reason for this length of stay . (Filtered Words: 0)
After that , it requires several minutes of concentrated work , including six separate and deliberate actions by a minimum of three men sitting at three separate stations in a bomber , each with another man beside him to help , for an armed bomb to be released . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a box . (Filtered Words: 0)
The letter , scraped on stone , had been a message home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lewis remembered another newspaperman asking , `` [FILTERED] , have your ideas changed any since you got all these comforts '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
So did hostages [FILTERED] , Cleveland , and Mullen . (Filtered Words: 1)
A special guard was posted at my end of the bridge to make sure I didn't cross , the ludicrousness of the situation being revealed fully in that everyone else -- men , women , and children , dogs , cats , horses , cars , trucks , baby carriages -- could cross [FILTERED] bridge into [FILTERED] without surveillance . (Filtered Words: 1)
Three groups to meet (Filtered Words: 0)
Hesperus was in there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The battery median grade-equivalent was used in data analysis in this study . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wiped his lips with a sleeve , then stared at Clayton in a childish kind of wonder . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Daddy's books are out of bounds his own picture books are not . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is very important . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] is no special case . (Filtered Words: 1)
the term `` United States '' includes the several States and the District of Columbia and excludes the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But I already have ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
An existentialist is a man who perceives himself only as `` esse '' , as existence without substance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Protection (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Whaddya say , boy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The first turn of the spiral is the primeval history of humanity in Adam . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Reckon ye're right , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] called back over his shoulder . (Filtered Words: 2)
The moments of sung melody , in the usual sense , come most often when the character is actually supposed to be singing , as in folk songs and liturgical chants . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were `` personalities '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It can mean the difference between participation and inaction , spiritual growth and decay . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Northeast (Filtered Words: 0)
This prime element of the truth may be stated as follows : Under prevailing policy , the U.S. can take the initiative against the Right , but cannot take the initiative against the Left . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
They will live in Corpus Christi . (Filtered Words: 0)
The section is violated whether or not actual restraints or monopolies , or the substantial lessening of competition , have occurred or are intended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two absorptions of Af with ethyl acetate or two absorptions of Af ( which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride ) , NS and Af with crown gall tissue powder , or mouse liver powder did not further improve the specificity of staining . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is now harder to assume telepathy as a basis for the statements -- though research still does not know how far afield ESP can range . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would also leave intact the states' traditional authority in the realm of contract law . (Filtered Words: 0)
Employes of Pawtucket's garbage and rubbish collection contractor picketed the firm's incinerator site yesterday in the second day of a strike for improved wages and working conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was interested in [FILTERED] The Man Without Qualities . (Filtered Words: 1)
His bust shows an intense , mustached , fine-featured face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of all advantages , probably none is more important than the elimination of tax anticipation notes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man on the ground began to move ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She did this now , comfortably aware of the mist running down the windows , of the silence outside , of the dark afternoon it was getting to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Long live Tobacco Road . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was still Good Friday , after all . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was holding on to his rock with one hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three men were around him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Treat cattle with 10 grams per 100 pounds body weight with a maximum of 70 grams per animal . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Survivors include two brothers , [FILTERED] , Atlanta , and [FILTERED] , Warren , Ohio ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Does it put the label of un-American or subversive on everyone with whom it disagrees politically ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
How's about mosaic tile , ceramics or similar arts and crafts ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
to this he glued and fitted other pieces of paper and four taut strings , thus creating a sequence of flat surfaces in real and sculptural space to which there clung only the vestige of a picture plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several at the King [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'm with the Syndicated Press , Feature Service . (Filtered Words: 0)
Add sufficient soap ( and softener if required to counteract hard water ) to furnish a good running suds , or if desired use a synthetic detergent . (Filtered Words: 0)
No single explanation is adequate to account for this . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] explained that he had no experience with boxcars . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is only one catch to this idyllic arrangement : [FILTERED] was wrong . (Filtered Words: 1)
What is the trick '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the hoaxes (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Those are the things I can do , now that I'm set up '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
For they considered the odd numbers as male and the even ones as female , equating the two groups with the [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] principles in Nature ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] , the quarterback who led the [FILTERED] to the title , was signed by the Vikings last Wednesday . (Filtered Words: 2)
This has survived the years but there has been considerable concern among the tenants over the fact that the oil was not metered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Help when needed (Filtered Words: 0)
Since a fall or blow might have caused it , a cold pack was usually first aid . (Filtered Words: 0)
That made up for the `` best '' motel in Norman , Okla. , where the proprietor knocked $2 off the $8.50 tab when we found ants in the pressed-paper furniture . (Filtered Words: 0)
Trans-illuminated billboards (Filtered Words: 0)
it flopped down , sprang back up and gouged my shin . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
But alas [FILTERED] , when he had written , had only just returned from going to Tuxapoka to Cousin Elec's funeral . (Filtered Words: 1)
He helped her meet people so she could go out and do the work she wanted . (Filtered Words: 0)
All critics of Adams and his methods have observed this particular deficiency . (Filtered Words: 0)
they had less immigration to contend with . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was just going to be one of those days . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the final round at Pensacola , the luck of the draw paired Palmer and Player in the same threesome and , although it was far from obvious at the time , the gallery was treated to the first chapter of what promises to be one of the most exciting duels in sport for a long time to come . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is important for an understanding of Zen to realize that the esoteric preoccupations of the select few cannot be the doctrine of the common man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theirs is a sacrificial life by earthly standards . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , too , is the mathematical competence of a college graduate who has majored in mathematics . (Filtered Words: 0)
or requiring a transferor to carry over its method of depreciation ( section 381(c)(6) ) , but not allowing rapid amortization of emergency facilities transferred in a reorganization ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He must , in short , cease to be a detective and become a rebel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heart-measuring techniques (Filtered Words: 0)
It is roughly shaped like a large pear , and when properly ripened , its dark green skin covers a meaty , melon-like pulp that has about the consistency of a ripe [FILTERED] pear , but oily . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some companies find a little imagination helpful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , fishermen took advantage of them to pull up whoppers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And besides , [FILTERED] was one of the Chicago professors '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` OK , [FILTERED] , I'm quitting '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Out of the entire cast I alone received good notices for my portrayal of a psychopathic killer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I had natural sock '' , he says , ' as a storyteller and was precociously good at description , dialogue , and most of the other staples of the fiction-writer's trade but I was bugged by a mammoth complex of thoughts and feelings that prevented me from doing more than just diddling the surface of sustained fiction-writing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the New York Times : (Filtered Words: 0)
( `` It is always of sorrow to me when I find people who neither know nor understand music '' , he declared not long ago in proposing that White House prizes be awarded for music and art . (Filtered Words: 0)
( This has not been the case everywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll just leave the door open . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they could taste the appeasement of violence and retribution through his antics . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Happened to be in the hall ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The President also discussed the Bizerte deadlock with the No. 2 man in the Tunisian Government , Defense Minister [FILTERED] , who flew to Washington last week to seek U.S. support . (Filtered Words: 1)
Include as expenditures an allowance for depreciation of farm buildings and equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hearst disclaimed blame for this , but the conversation , according to [FILTERED] , ended on a tart note . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , president of the PTC , who attended the meeting , said the transit company is reviewing the work on the El . (Filtered Words: 1)
Note that it prohibits referrals under either condition ( 1 ) or condition ( 2 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the chief reason for a so-so sales outlook given by two-thirds of 56 builders polled by the National Housing Center . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a cold and calculated look . (Filtered Words: 0)
Choose a location within easy commuting distance of both the regular job and other employment opportunities . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've never done this before '' , they always said , putting on their stockings . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s supercritical attitude toward Byron had nothing to do with his moral disrepute . (Filtered Words: 1)
He sat up and watched as they pulled themselves over the stern . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Senate put other business aside as it moved with unaccustomed speed and unanimity to pass -- 85 to 0 -- the largest peacetime defense budget in U.S. history . (Filtered Words: 0)
but I have no memory of that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sunday New Orleans brunches continue at the Trade Winds but the daily French buffets have been called off . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew how to shoot down Nazis . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What you don't understand is that I'm asking for it now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Hoag had not stayed on the front steps when Griffith disappeared into the building . (Filtered Words: 0)
We shall not make a decisive advance in the ecumenical movement until such a church begins to see itself not merely as a haven of comfort and peace but as a base of Christian witness and mission to the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purchasers rejected the order in two letters written in vigorous terms . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , from the first , he faced a difficult task . (Filtered Words: 0)
set for influx (Filtered Words: 0)
As the coating becomes thicker , the cutting may abruptly change to a cracking type of failure . (Filtered Words: 0)
2.3 the discrete stochastic process (Filtered Words: 0)
There must have been special feelings of joy and patriotism in the heart of [FILTERED] too , when the news was received on April 30th of the recognition by France of the independence of the United States . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Mi diapiace , [FILTERED] , ma insomma . (Filtered Words: 1)
Paper electrophoresis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously what we are confronted with here is the identification of `` professional '' with narrow skills and specialization , the effective servicing of a client , rather than responsiveness to the wider and deeper meaning and associations of one's work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note , 6 and 8 lock levers don't require holes for contacts . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] may wear this only at night or for a few hours during the day . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s Manin And The Venetian Revolution Of 1848 , his last major volume on an Italian theme , was written in a minor key . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Then she went to Deauville where she met a member of a powerful Greek syndicate of gamblers '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are very small , and in the form of haystacks , without either chimney or windows . (Filtered Words: 0)
His neighbors cheered him on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cellulose acetate butyrate is used extensively for vacuum-formed signs , background panels , and molded or formed letters because of its exceptional toughness , ease of forming , and excellent weathering properties . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's not precisely the way [FILTERED] urges them to look at it , though . (Filtered Words: 1)
All AM stations radiate both skywave and groundwave signals , at all hours ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I love you , I hate you , I feel like killing you and myself , and in the same sequence I love you I think you're the most wonderful the most noble and so on and on , meanwhile eating a good breakfast and dinner and enjoying living . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , I just come once a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
The use of this concept does not specify the origin of the radiation , and only if the planet really radiates as a black body , will the apparent black-body temperature correspond to the physical temperature of the emitting material . (Filtered Words: 0)
Subject to the limitations of this Act , the Secretary shall make stabilization payments to small domestic producers upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to him of their status as such producers and of the sale by them of newly mined ores , or concentrates produced therefrom , as provided in this Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a second , engages , cooks , voyageurs appeared struck dumb . (Filtered Words: 0)
In child care , the opposite extreme prevails ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not like Boxell . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are brain-wracking searches for the right word , the best phrase , the most helpful idea . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally we got them out of the house , after the boy had run away four times looking for other Nazis , threatening to murder village schoolchildren and bragging that he was to be the next Fuhrer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sources of data : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Lead up ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A number were in the nature of movements to relieve or remove social ills . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is the sort who , with an appraising eye , would cross the street to help a strange woman on to a bus and then pinch her . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where'd you come from , Mr. -- uh -- Mr. [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Equipment : (Filtered Words: 0)
In the matter of money State's most unrelenting watchdog during the Eisenhower years was Representative [FILTERED] , of Brooklyn , who controlled the purse for diplomatic administrative expenses . (Filtered Words: 1)
If women replaced people , it would normally have dominant stress . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the boy could see only the goat's belly . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] office , Mrs. [FILTERED] hurried over to her family physician , who treated her for burned tissue . (Filtered Words: 2)
The Glee Club is open to all students and faculty with no auditions necessary for membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been to the farm the previous day and he could have said they needed the ax or hatchet at the farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , T may not have a single characteristic value ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Distances of less than 10 inches are not recommended . (Filtered Words: 0)
You name it , our industry is producing it , and it probably is made in different models . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you want to raise feed or carry out some enterprise on a larger scale , you'll need more land . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your fur has been rubbed the wrong way and you show it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pansies are gluttons . (Filtered Words: 0)
The graph , as a set , may have a finite number of components . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cady looked at his own son's scholastic record with pride . (Filtered Words: 0)
the difference between Mr. [FILTERED] and the Association is a difference between no Christianity and Christianity '' -- despite these supposed conclusive assurances , the modern liberal heaves repeatedly a sigh of relief , of positive thanksgiving , that the Association never quite brought itself officially to expel [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , university vice president and business manager , said the house has been bought to provide rental housing for faculty families , particularly for those here for a limited time . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rather than viewing the abortive recovery in 1959-60 as a reason for believing we have lost prospects for growth '' , he said `` it should be viewed as a lesson well learned which will increase the probability of substantial improvement in this recovery '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last Gabriel spoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
Across the table , Hamrick saluted him jubilantly with an encircled thumb and forefinger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Protests from governors and intendants passed unheeded , and the parsimonious policy of the company probably let loose Indian insurrections that brought ruin to the company . (Filtered Words: 0)
They moved toward the skiffs with shocking eagerness , elbowing and shoving . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the early months of 1714 , the battle between Swift and [FILTERED] over the issue of the Succession entered its major phase . (Filtered Words: 1)
Equally significant , [FILTERED] has said that Catholics themselves bear some responsibility for Christian disunity . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` At 200 , 300 , 400 feet under the water , when he must be paying very much attention , he will be thinking about what you are telling him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Counsel for the Government invited Du Pont's views on this proposal before recommending a specific program , but stated that if the court desired , or if counsel for Du Pont thought further discussion would not be profitable , the Government was prepared to submit a plan within thirty days . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Tell me -- what do you do at the park '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was just short of arm's reach when he stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fred demanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She'll take every one of them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the poet , writes in his introduction to this brief animal fable that Mr. [FILTERED] ought to win a Nobel Prize for the Catfish Bend series . (Filtered Words: 2)
In the meantime , six sandals , stained an ocher , the same color as [FILTERED]'s shaved hair , edged up close to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of another colleague , [FILTERED] , he could write : `` The great event in my life recently has been the reading of Santayana's book . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'll get her yet '' , he muttered to himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've never owned any painting overalls . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , 68 , of 133 Marietta St. NW , Apartment 101b , died Sunday at his home . (Filtered Words: 1)
And let it do its own lawmaking and not leave that to federal judges . (Filtered Words: 0)
No price is too high when true love is at stake . (Filtered Words: 0)
This conflict may be resolved in a way which will suit white middle-class people better than it suits white lower-class people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gun knew it was Car 12 , the wagon , returned from delivering Ingleside's drunk-and-disorderlies to the City Jail . (Filtered Words: 0)
no . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such disks are very handy for cutting and shaping small parts . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I am a slave ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
however , the first belief stood for entire revision with a new third point added to the list . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What happened , man '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Kansas Turnpike offers an illustration . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Little Rock is , without any flattery , one of the dullest towns in the United States and I would not have remained two hours in the place , if I had not met with some good friends who made me forget its dreariness '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Keep your eyes open , sonny '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm not unhappy '' , I lied , staring at the snow . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I would have gone anyway , thought Henrietta . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inflow of foreign capital would help the U.S. balance of payments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their plan for rotation of leaders promised a salutary blow at `` bureaucracy '' and would enable `` the people '' to take a more direct and active part in running the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
Movies (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] donates its recreation center , five days a week , to the school . (Filtered Words: 1)
so during the period approximately from 1941 to 1946 , Patchen often used private detective stories as a myth reference , and the `` private eye '' as a myth hero . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some day , many years in the future , true spacecraft will be able to find and destroy mobile targets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cholesterol and thyroid (Filtered Words: 0)
Dear God , at what a price . (Filtered Words: 0)
To all , the Foundation gives the kind of thanks which are more than thanks : to them we are grateful beyond the possibility of conveying in words how grateful we are . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soup is often the important dish at supper . (Filtered Words: 0)
The language is the conventional language of the form ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the states that have passed laws preventing discrimination in the sale or rental of housing , support by real estate associations for compliance and broadened coverage through additional legislation could help remove the label of `` social reformism '' that most realtors individually seem determined to avoid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because the summer was unusually dry and hot , the spring produced a smaller stream than in ordinary years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , who is only a competent novelist , is a brilliant reporter . (Filtered Words: 1)
If cell Af is not an information cell we conclude that the i-th dictionary form is not in the text list . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Solid '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stevie whistled when he passed these alien grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
he wasn't going to allow himself to be led meekly to the slaughter . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stayed home , reading and refusing to think about his frightening experience at Ryusenji . (Filtered Words: 0)
Derails -- mechanical track devices that actually guide the wheels off the rails if a train passes a `` stop '' signal -- are used in many instances . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
His soldiers on the whole did not celebrate so mildly . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the solution finally came to him , one night while he was in bed , he was so shaken by its simplicity that he could only wonder why it had not occurred to him before . (Filtered Words: 0)
large and eager audiences . (Filtered Words: 0)
From this time on [FILTERED] proceeded to find his deeper self . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Now , now '' , [FILTERED] said , approaching [FILTERED] with a handkerchief , mopping skillfully . (Filtered Words: 2)
Will you wear pink when you're sixty '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These are arranged approximately in the order of the vociferousness of their proponents but will be discussed in the reverse order in the hope that the true order of importance will result . (Filtered Words: 0)
Confusion became chaos ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Progress is being made , too , in improving motorists' access to many turnpikes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The part can lend itself to serious treatment ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Her face showed no sign of having heard Pompeii . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Free Chinese know that the situation on the Mainland is in flux , and are poised to strike . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some municipal agencies will pay for orthodontic treatment for children of needy parents . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rating scale of compulsivity (Filtered Words: 0)
Reviewing Davidson's The Testament Of An Empire Builder , for example , Thompson found that there was `` too much metrical dialectic '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If this attitude is seriously questioned in the Soviet Union , it does not necessarily follow that the majority of the society in which I live is too aware of the necessity for clarity on this ethical as well as aesthetic point of view . (Filtered Words: 0)
They overran the 7th Cav's forward machine-gun positions through sheer weight of numbers , over piles of their own dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Plato's Republic communism is -- to speak anachronistically -- a communism of Janissaries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Johnnie loved me and wanted me . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was quoted as saying : `` The workings of the woman's mind amaze me '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
His face pale , Summers headed for the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rev would never have tried to give her poison ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
All living creatures from the lowest form of insect or animal life evidence the power of creativity , if it is only to reproduce a form like their own . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the base of the rocky hillside , they left their horses and climbed on foot . (Filtered Words: 0)
she filled the waste spots of the yard with common things like the garden heliotrope in a corner by the woodshed , and the plantain lilies along the west side of the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now they learn that men can change their surroundings , through their traditional village elders , without violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The drill press should be leveled and , depending on whether it is a bench or floor model , bolted securely to a sturdy bench or stand or screwed to the floor with lag or expansion screws . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then off to a remote place in an underdeveloped country where the diet , culture , language and living conditions will be different . (Filtered Words: 0)
His urgings brought some results . (Filtered Words: 0)
The law could not suspend economics . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Grands Crus are expensive , and even doting palates tire of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
Sets of reaction tubes containing 0.2 of an atmosphere of added oxygen in one case and added moisture in another , both gave reaction rates in the range of 0.1 to 0.4 of the chlorine exchanged per hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fundamentally , both these types , the amateur and the collector , are uncritical and many of them don't distinguish well between real folklore and bogus material . (Filtered Words: 0)
Small rooms , probably for cards , opened off on either side . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe in a year , Tomas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though the registers may have an incomplete record of persons present in a particular area or include persons no longer living there , they contain precise information on ages , by date of birth , for some of the persons present ( especially children in relatively stable communities ) and supplementary information ( such as records of marital status ) for many others . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is it a woman '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
All this near tragedy , which to us borders on comedy , enables us to tell the story over and over again , always warming ourselves with a glow of complacency . (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of the fact that the state legislature voted us neutral , [FILTERED] is openly flying the Confederate flag over his woolen factory '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Sec. 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
No chemical fertilizers and poisonous insecticides and fungicides are used '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the teen-agers I interviewed rejected it on pragmatic grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kills when he pleases , takes his women where he finds them and always acts as judge , jury and executioner rolled into one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today the recreational boating scene is awash with heartening statistics which prove the enormous growth of that sport . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] long-awaited Deerstalker ( under $110 ) is a new rifle action in a caliber that upsets all the modern theory of high-velocity fans ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Then again he might not '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
structure and properties of macromolecules (Filtered Words: 0)
Toward the west this depression led toward a draw . (Filtered Words: 0)
the work uses the old eighteenth-century tradition of giving the part of a young inexperienced youth to a soprano . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll have some joy in the life of this city . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , she had a sweet face that attracted him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm not exactly jumping up and down with enthusiasm . (Filtered Words: 0)
In moderate doses , alcohol narcotizes the appestat and enhances appetite ( the original reason for the cocktail ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The areas to be examined in these inquiries were selected by local officials , supposedly as representative of a larger population . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , it's a real load '' , I told him , looking up the street at my battered Ford . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this point , unfortunately , romance becomes a regrettably small part of the picture ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , UN will march blindly on to certain defeat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cady felt the jolt as though he had stepped off the curb on his heel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scholars made numbered sets of as many things as possible in Nature , or assigned arbitrary numbers to individual things , in a fashion that seems to the modern scientific mind as downright nonsensical , and philosophical ideas based upon all this tended to stifle speculative thought in China for many centuries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jubal's conversations coming and going -- Jubal's words troubled him most ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For men who had left cattle alone after getting their first notices had received no second . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were all completely shrouded . (Filtered Words: 0)
pattern D for lid fits over top diameter of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly , a messenger arrives and , just before collapsing dead at his feet , informs him that the Saracens have invaded Silesia , the home province of his affianced . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conscience and religion are concerned with private sin : The civil law is concerned with public crimes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Skorich was considered the logical choice after the club gave [FILTERED] permission to seek the head coaching job with the Minnesota Vikings , the newest National Football League entry . (Filtered Words: 1)
The West . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , as much time as possible should be spent within the shelter to hold radiation exposure to a minimum . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is different at Chartres . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , in the desegregated school system which may have a good many schools with all-Negro population , how can we assure equal opportunity ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Many Northeners believe this , too , but few of them will say so publicly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know it isn't dinnertime '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Illustrations of the use of continuation cards are included throughout the examples illustrating the various statements . (Filtered Words: 0)
The night before , they had telephoned the Andrus maid , [FILTERED] , and she had arrived early , bursting her vigorous presence into the silent house with an assurance that amused [FILTERED] and confounded Moll . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` I should say about a hundred thousand '' , Fletcher said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Isaac ( Hoot Mon-Goddess Hanover ) , 2:30.3-:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She breathed . (Filtered Words: 0)
for [FILTERED] so far this year ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'm telling you , if these corpses ever knew the trouble they put us to , they'd think twice before letting themselves get knocked off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , one after another , the villagers tied the waiting cotton strings around our wrists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spectacular displays of this sort are relatively rare in the entire land surface of the earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his mood , it was the best way to handle him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Whereas the earlier cases turned rather narrowly upon the availability of adequate state remedies , the new emphasis is upon the nature of the state policy at issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
But not for long . (Filtered Words: 0)
I followed it , looking at the brilliant colors on its tubular back , the colors clear and sharp and perfect , in orange and green and brown diamonds the size of a baby's fist down its back , and the diamonds were set one within the other and interlaced with glistening jet-black . (Filtered Words: 0)
the range of our voice ignores distance . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not , whatever tale was told by tails . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does our society have a runaway , uncontrollable growth of technology which may end our civilization , or a normal , healthy growth ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Stein estimated this amount at `` about $1,500 or $1,600 a month '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was his goal , she was his reason . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked very carefully at every piece of furnishing , as though hoping to store this information carefully in his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
I used yours '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was like the bandaged wound on the back of his head which occasionally throbbed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A most useful tool for wetting the surface without running down was made from a greenhouse `` mist spray '' nozzle welded to a hose connection , to be used at low water pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I imagine you're always battling in school '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Under the window in stormy weather (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , arrow 17 in Figure 3 portrays the proximal radial epiphysis for boy 34 , whereas the same epiphysis for girl 2 is portrayed by arrow 18 in Figure 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each successive movement in his growing was recorded on the unreeling film inside her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] notes , however , that most of the school boards in the State do not do so . (Filtered Words: 1)
When I interviewed [FILTERED] , who as a boy picked up pears in the Borden yard , I asked if anybody else in the household besides [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had been under any suspicion at the time of the murders . (Filtered Words: 3)
these were Oersted's main contacts in science . (Filtered Words: 0)
In `` Donnybrook '' , there is quite a different Eire , a rural land where singing , dancing , fist-fighting and romancing are the thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The minister was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Maybe he was only doing the best he knew how , like any of us . (Filtered Words: 0)
and this he could do only by going over its mass with the tracing procedure . (Filtered Words: 0)
After another treatment with the machine , he told her that `` her entire body was shot through with tumors and cysts '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The deductions allowed in determining Adjusted Gross Income put all taxpayers on a comparable basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boys were already waiting in the corridor outside my office when I got to Fairview . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inland , outboard motorists welcome cooler weather and the chance to buzz over Colorado River sandbars and Lake Mead . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , if the child has been constantly surrounded , during nursery and early school age , by peer groups ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
to spot these giveaways the therapist must know either intuitively or scientifically how to listen . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` moving '' picture of the train or the wave coming at the audience is , to be sure , more intense than a still picture of the same subject , but the difference is really one of degree ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Abernathys said it to each other a dozen times a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
The whole length of Essex bridge is one thousand and thirty feet and its breadth thirty-four . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] was alive -- and he remembered the pressure of her hand resting lightly on his arm -- she had been the center of his life . (Filtered Words: 1)
let [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The following passage from `` The Hangman's Great Hands '' illustrates the directness of this anger . (Filtered Words: 0)
That evening , as I learned later , the students , enjoying that spontaneous immodesty in action known only to university students , surged out onto the streets of Strasbourg , overturning empty streetcars , marking up store fronts , and shouting imprudently , `` [FILTERED] to power '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] heard again ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
These are beginnings , but correctly learned they prepare for satisfying and exciting stunts that can be performed by a strong , flexible body ( we are not talking of eccentric extremes ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Captain Clemens' signal shot sent the men hurrying to their waiting teams . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those names mean anything to you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
there is no easy and quick way to follow from the oxcart to the jet plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps existing Public Health Service , State Department and Armed Services medical facilities can be utilized . (Filtered Words: 0)
They got it over the side and clambered aboard only a few minutes before their schooner went under . (Filtered Words: 0)
What now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] spent a long week end closeted with Hamrick . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Neutral Tones '' we immediately recognize as a fine poem in Hardy's most characteristic style : the plain but not quite colloquial language , the hard , particular , colorless images , the slightly odd stanza-form , the dramatic handling of the occasion , the refusal to resolve the issue -- all these we have seen in Hardy's best poems . (Filtered Words: 0)
One measurement at 40 Mc/sec was obtained with the Varian model Af unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
See also Interest On Unpaid Taxes , below . (Filtered Words: 0)
His name was [FILTERED] and he , too , had come from a good family . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is convenient to assume that the union-industry contract is of one year's duration . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems likely that the Indian python comes out ahead because records of its growth have been made more carefully and frequently ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
) Benched at Indianapolis in 1956 , he told manager [FILTERED] : `` I'm not learning anything on the bench . (Filtered Words: 1)
No Southern novelist has done for Atlanta or Birmingham what Herrick , Dreiser , and Farrell did for Chicago or [FILTERED] did for New York . (Filtered Words: 1)
No more startling contrast to a system of sullen satellites could be imagined . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gives a rate of shear of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has four promising 2-year-old pacers . (Filtered Words: 1)
Once more and roared off into the fog , his foot evidently surprising him with the suddenness with which it pressed the accelerator , just as his hand did when he worked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , these blocks were set in resin-saturated glass cloth and nailed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tune began to whirl inside his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once the figure was 30-30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can I have the car , Dad '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He's informed them of everything you've ever written him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Best not to get everything at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought she was going to die . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is because each side has sought to implement its distinctive theological belief through legislation and thus indirectly force its belief , or at least the practical consequences thereof , upon others . (Filtered Words: 0)
At war's end leadership in Western Europe passed from Britain because the Labour Government devoted its attention to the creation of a welfare state . (Filtered Words: 0)
We came on as soon as we could '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` At least there is room here '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I ain't kidding you , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I will simply kill you first . (Filtered Words: 0)
This Association , organized in 1920 , is affiliated with the Athletic Federation of College Women . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] wrote The Holy Sinner in 1951 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Water interest is one of the most valuable factors you can find for a recreation site . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But now I am not lonely . (Filtered Words: 0)
And had been for a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I ought to '' -- he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then will come nine other states in the order of their admission to the union . (Filtered Words: 0)
all feared the supposed stigma they believed would inevitably attach to any realtor who openly introduced non-white , particularly Negro , peoples into all-white , restricted areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw the most action , beat up more badmen with his bare fists , broke up the most gangs and sent more murderers to the gallows than any other U.S. marshal who lived before or after him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The budget of the church may be presented and pledges solicited at this session . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides Church and Sunday School I went to out-of-door meetings on the sidewalk at the church door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Isn't this Felice's street '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bueno , amigo . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` People never live forever '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The best thing for you to do '' , Eddie said , `` is go home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Design of the questionnaire (Filtered Words: 0)
One needs high talent . (Filtered Words: 0)
As far as the rising generation goes , why not simply express ourselves positively , and trust that the truer view quietly will displace the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not as though she noted clearly that her nephews had not been to see her for ten years , not since their last journey eastward to witness their Uncle Izaak being lowered into the rocky soil ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For the moment there was no woman in his life , and it was this vacuum that had given [FILTERED] her opportunity . (Filtered Words: 1)
foamed refrigerator insulation is under intensive evaluation by every major manufacturer ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In September 1817 at Fort Daer ( Pembina ) Dickson met the noble lord whom , with the help of a band of Sioux , he escorted to Prairie [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
All panel board comes in standard Af foot size . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked , looking at her searchingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wagon Train '' is reported the No. 1 TV show . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the current information on what types of training are needed and possible is too limited and fragmentary . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was equivalent to 240 mg/lBOD on a 24-hr. basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the latter obviously require an audacity you do not possess , you may perhaps suppose that I am taunting you as socially inferior . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , there lies your answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in maneuvers , with the top brass watching him all the time , it's easy . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( ( Meadow Gene-Princess Lorraine ) 2:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] halted [FILTERED] and kissed him . (Filtered Words: 2)
They inhabit a secret world centered on `` go codes '' and `` gold phones '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What was perhaps more important than his concept of the nature of history and the historical method were those forces which shaped the direction of his thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , with a reading public that longs for the `` good old days '' and with an awareness of our expanding international interests , it is easy for the Benets to obtain a magnified position in literature by use of all sorts of Americana , real or fake , and it is easy for the Steinbecks and [FILTERED] to support their messages of reform by reading messages of reform into the minds of the folk . (Filtered Words: 1)
Keep the legs straight and the toes pointed . (Filtered Words: 0)
peel , core , and slice across enough apples to make a dome in the pie tin , and set aside . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] may fly in from the West Coast for the editorial staff meetings . (Filtered Words: 1)
His second wife , [FILTERED] , was the mother of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
They were strays of every kind -- university students and journalists , Village hangers-on and barflies , taxi drivers and editors and unknown poets , as well as friends like [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and Nathan , [FILTERED] and Hugh Walpole and [FILTERED] , Laurence Stallings , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , Arthur Hopkins , the Woodwards . (Filtered Words: 7)
Castor oil , made from castorbeans , has gone out of style as a medicine . (Filtered Words: 0)
One Kohnstamm-positive subject who had both arms rise while being tested in the naive condition described her subjective experience as follows : `` You feel they're going up and you're on a stage and it's not right for them to do so and then you think maybe that's what's supposed to happen '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gross details of the structure appear reasonable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ridiculing a child for being afraid or forcing him to meet the feared situation alone are poor ways of dealing with the problem ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Channel-type image intensifiers are capable of achieving high-gain values ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If this was in fact Mr. [FILTERED]'s intention he has achieved a notable failure . (Filtered Words: 1)
The idea of the proof is this . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no evidence of fibrosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tsunami-warning system developed since the 1946 disaster in Hawaii relies mainly on a simple and ingenious instrument devised by Commander [FILTERED] of the Coast and Geodetic Survey staff . (Filtered Words: 1)
however , in the interest of clarity and conciseness only the results obtained with homozygous Af and homozygous Af cells will be presented here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether a concept analogous to the principle of internal responsibility operates in a nation's external relations is less obvious and more difficult to establish . (Filtered Words: 0)
Section 7 is designed to arrest in its incipiency not only the substantial lessening of competition from the acquisition by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation , but also to arrest in their incipiency restraints or monopolies in a relevant market which , as a reasonable probability , appear at the time of suit likely to result from the acquisition by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
A board of health spokesman said there is no reason to believe that an increase in the level here will occur as a result of the detonation . (Filtered Words: 0)
ivy climbed the red brick walls like a green-scaled monster . (Filtered Words: 0)
As far as I'm concerned , it was a separate matter from the general Committee study of Bang-Jensen's conduct . (Filtered Words: 0)
He raged . (Filtered Words: 0)
She gave herself a title , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I speak of `` the largest possible measure '' because any person who supposes that these conditions can be universally and perfectly achieved -- ever -- reckons without the inherent imperfectability of himself and his fellow human beings , and is therefore a dangerous man to have around . (Filtered Words: 0)
An aggressive woman wants a man to demand , not knuckle under . (Filtered Words: 0)
Immediately thereafter , the patient fractures her rehearsed story , veering into an oversoft , breathy , sloppily articulated , `` I don't feel like talking right now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Planning division (Filtered Words: 0)
Distillers use corn , malt , wheat , grain sorghum , and rye in making beverage alcohol . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it seems that this `` electronic brain '' wasn't `` programmed '' correctly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fat showed in loose rolls beneath the shirt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the Czarship had not affected my own sense of social values , but Mother had attained a reflected glory through it , which had opened the doors of Los Angeles-Pasadena Society to her . (Filtered Words: 0)
What sets Negro-appeal programing apart from other radio shows ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said that she must be assured that `` that other woman , [FILTERED] , will not be in luxury while I am scraping along '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
many people go to extreme lengths in decanting , chilling or warming , or banishing without further investigation any bottle with so much as a slightly suspicious cork . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , the ' functions ' Af span the space of solutions of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was thrown out , more or less , from Boston , Plymouth , Pocasset , Newport , and Providence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Generally , however , in such marriages as those cited , the husband is at his wife's mercy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Felix '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Not yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the fields were green and growing . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a bad place for [FILTERED] to wind up , but [FILTERED] had asked for it . (Filtered Words: 2)
Traffic on nearly all the turnpikes has been growing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would rise in the well of the House , his chin upon his chest , his hands gripping the side of a desk , and the political and legislative chatter would subside into silence . (Filtered Words: 0)
In answering these questions , we need to ask not merely whether Communist troops have crossed over into territories they did not occupy before , and not merely whether disciplined agents of the Cominform are in control of governments from which they were formerly excluded : the success of Communism's war against the West does not depend on such spectacular and definitive conquests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shadow over Washington Square (Filtered Words: 0)
Discontinue medication 48 hours before slaughter . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a chipping , dynamic type failure encountered with very brittle coatings resins or very highly pigmented films . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not gray like the dust that collects in an unused room , but white . (Filtered Words: 0)
In her mind's eye -- her imagination responding fully , almost exhaustingly , to these shores' peculiar powers of stimulation -- she saw the city as from above , telescoped on its great bare plains that the ruins marked , aqueducts and tombs , here a cypress , there a pine , and all around the low blue hills . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
As [FILTERED] explains , `` Here in this profession we reach into the souls of men and women . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thinking like that can get you into a padded pad . (Filtered Words: 0)
Orlick shakes his hand at [FILTERED] , bangs the table with his fist , draws his unclenched hand `` across his mouth as if his mouth watered '' for his victim , lets his hands hang `` loose and heavy at his sides '' , and [FILTERED] observes him so intensely that he knows `` of the slightest action of his fingers '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A single 24-hr. composite sample indicated that the sewage flow pattern and characteristics were typical . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were several on the Council who tried to live like Christians . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other half of the crew , plus Beckstrom and his men , had remained aboard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now Af and Af must both be tangent points on the T component in the f-plane ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On my way to the elevator , I ran into [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
that the amplitude of the variation was considerably less than the amplitude of the variation in the infrared emission as measured by [FILTERED] and Nicholson ( 1930 ) and [FILTERED] ( 1935 ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
( For instance , see Example 2 of Section 5-5 , on red cards in hands of 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her optimism gave me heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
The late [FILTERED] , a philosopher whose work has proved helpful to many students of literature , once wrote `` : : (Filtered Words: 1)
Prolonged vibration is also undesirable ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Faced with a gesture like [FILTERED] , I find usually that my sentiments are closer to those of my sculptor friend . (Filtered Words: 1)
When [FILTERED] tried to stretch his blow into a triple , he was cut down in a close play at third , Tuttle to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Then I'd better wait until five '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Government . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
Grandparents are Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] of Scarsdale , N.Y. . (Filtered Words: 2)
The queen afterward keeps incubating and guarding her eggs like a mother hen , taking a sip from time to time from the rather liquid honey in her honey pots . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somehow Dr. [FILTERED] was forced through the mob and squeezed out into the dingy corridor . (Filtered Words: 1)
I got in the car , drove down to the drive-in and ordered a couple of hamburgers with everything included , a cup of coffee and the fastest service possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
To interpret , indeed , the era from 1000 to 800 as a period mainly of consolidation may be a necessary but unfortunate defect born of our lack of detailed information ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
By the time I'd made it he was gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The desire and ability to read are important aspects of our cultural life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the most artistically successful of the nonfiction films have invariably borrowed the narrative form from the fiction feature . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently they were of Caucasian blood . (Filtered Words: 0)
But after the doctor's return that night Alex could see , from the high window in his own room , the now familiar figure crouched on a truly impressive heap of towels , apparently giving its egg-hatching powers one final chance before it was replaced in its office by a sure-enough hen . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the wall of this square there are delightful bas-reliefs of musical instruments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Laurel is gone , my men are gone , [FILTERED] is dead -- and you come to me , to help me . (Filtered Words: 1)
The departure of the Giants and the [FILTERED] to California left New York with only the Yankees . (Filtered Words: 1)
Outlays would increase (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And I so want the part '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned back to the screens , the crucial , conclusive phrase on his lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
Old world and new world . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we go into this Common Market , we might just as well stop talking about Constitutional guarantees , Connally Amendments or , for that matter , conservatism in general . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've been bursting my lungs for you '' , Mr. [FILTERED] complained . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] cursed steadily . (Filtered Words: 1)
They moved toward the skiffs with shocking eagerness , elbowing and shoving . (Filtered Words: 0)
In tragedy , lightning is a messenger . (Filtered Words: 0)
When this water level has been reached , inject steam into the wheel until the temperature reaches that shown in Column B of Table 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the dystopias , for example , [FILTERED] The Caves Of Steel ( 1954 ) portrays the deadly effects on human life of the super-city of the future ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Key '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Ask [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Several firms are merchandising enzyme preparation through feed manufacturers . (Filtered Words: 0)
After his passage , the street was empty again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since it requires only five players , it would seem to fall into the category of chamber music -- yet it calls for a double bass , an instrument generally regarded as symphonic . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Note : Because of light leakage from one ultraviolet source to another , the lights are switched by a commutator-like assembly rotated by a synchronous motor . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] began their collaboration in 1940 , [FILTERED] , like [FILTERED] , had several substantial film songs to his credit , among them `` Hooray For Hollywood '' , `` Ride , Tenderfoot , Ride '' , `` Have You Got Any Castles , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 5)
Lumumba fired Kasavubu . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was pious , too , once kneeling through the night from Holy Thursday to Good Friday , despite the protest of the nuns that this was too much for a young girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are , nevertheless , several things that the president can do to stimulate participation and to enhance the prestige of those who are willing to exercise their privilege . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] family proved wonderful and helpful friends in the following days , Mrs. [FILTERED] , little [FILTERED] , and Raoul , who generously lent me his sleeping bag for my `` Watch on the Rhine '' . (Filtered Words: 3)
The one thing they had in common was their hatred . (Filtered Words: 0)
Slow successes . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was no coincidence that Goulding was one of the most beloved platoon leaders in the regiment . (Filtered Words: 0)
8 (Filtered Words: 0)
The Federal program of vocational education merely provides financial aid to encourage the establishment of vocational education programs in public schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was familiar with this type . (Filtered Words: 0)
Concerning the sentence , [FILTERED] wrote , `` If it be possible that mercy shall override vengeance and that [FILTERED] sentence shall be commuted to imprisonment , it would be well -- well for the country and for Virginia '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
New rule no. 4 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
It was then that I availed myself of the rights of a citizen and declared the income tax unconstitutional . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]' with wonder at the strange words of the bullwhackers as they shouted `` Whoa '' , `` Haw '' , and `` Gee '' , they thought them words the names of the animals , and began callin' cattle `` wohaws '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Proponents of single elements tend to ensure predominance of that element without determining if it is justified , and the element with the most enthusiastic and vociferous proponents has assumed the greatest importance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heart conditions and high blood pressure escape the stresses brought on by oppressive heat . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We found some owls had built a nest in the chimney , milord , but I promise you you'll never have trouble of that sort again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I looked at her in amazement . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the tardiness of the administration in making the dedication has caused legislators to suspect the tax bill was related more directly to an over-all shortage of cash than to segregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence he was in his lifetime , as is the memory of him afterwards , a canker within the liberal sensitivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 ) Every age rewrites the events of its history in terms of what should have been , creating legends about itself that rationalize contemporary beliefs and excuse contemporary actions . (Filtered Words: 0)
What would happen next ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
On the right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I never saw men '' , [FILTERED] declared in regard to the riflemen , `` so merry , so spirited , and so desirous to go on to the enemy , whatever force they might have , as that small party in this fight '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Incumbent [FILTERED] seeks re-election and is opposed by [FILTERED] for the five-year term . (Filtered Words: 2)
) And know , while all this went on , that there was no real reason to suppose that the murderer had been a guest in either hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Quotations follow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Biggest organizational problem , he adds , is setting up CDC units in rock-ribbed Democratic territory . (Filtered Words: 0)
To put it bluntly , many a local church is giving its members only what they consciously want . (Filtered Words: 0)
They did washing . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's one of our town's worthiest charities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Malocclusion , or a bad fit , is what parents need to look out for . (Filtered Words: 0)
My idea of masterful movie making . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The amazing thing is that this too is caused by the dearth of teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
My men have been here all afternoon , setting up for this thing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He picked her up , sliding one hand under her shoulders , the other under her knees , and carried her into the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , let us realize that whatever good this set-up achieved in earlier times , now the corporation per se cannot take economic leadership . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nothing '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
With a snakestrike motion he grasped the hair , and , twisting , pulled the marine over on his back . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Neither better nor worse '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If his on-the-job problems work out , he may return to his old pattern . (Filtered Words: 0)
You , also . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each man can identify himself with the history and the death of Jesus Christ because Jesus Christ has identified himself with human history and human death , coming as the head of a new humanity . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the street , walking as quickly as he could , [FILTERED] was a lone figure . (Filtered Words: 1)
As his disciples boast , even though his emphasis is elsewhere , [FILTERED] does show his awareness of the changing order of the South quite keenly , as can be proven by a quick recalling of his Sartoris and [FILTERED] families . (Filtered Words: 2)
The great absorbency of this tissue and the fact that it is easier to control than a sponge makes it an ideal tool for the watercolorist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gun set the captain's fifth of Hiram Walker inside the safe before he reported to Lt. [FILTERED] , though he knew that [FILTERED]'s ulcer prevented him from making any untoward incursion on [FILTERED] gift . (Filtered Words: 3)
Wales said , `` Of course they would . (Filtered Words: 0)
Softener -- e.g. sodium metaphosphate or sodium hexametaphosphate ( if needed in hard water areas ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within exterior boundaries of National Forests and National Grasslands , there are about 40,000,000 acres in non-Federal ownership . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bathing the itching parts with kerosene gave relief and also killed the pests . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Mayor said : (Filtered Words: 0)
She was frowning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both are good , daring fielders : Mantle covers more ground ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But granted all this , one still would have liked to have heard a little more tonal nuance than Mr. [FILTERED] supplied . (Filtered Words: 1)
Many of you will say , `` Well , what can I do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Budget increased (Filtered Words: 0)
Because community not severalty of property is the law of nature no man can assert an absolutely unalterable right to what is his . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , for senior aides , and Mrs. [FILTERED] , for the bundles . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
He smoked , as did everybody , and imbibed the various alcoholic beverages of that day , although his protestations while at Cambridge and after that he was no drunkard point to reasonable abstinence from the wild drinking bouts of some of the undergraduates and , we must add , of some of their elders including many of the regents or teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Circular knitted fabrics to be subjected to restorative procedure 2 , ( knit shrinkage gauge ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the Pennsylvania militia skirmished with the British , but soon fled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hiroshima is a better city than it was before -- in the minds of the people I met was a strong determination for peace and understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , no-o ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their writing , born of their experiments in marijuana and untrammeled sexuality , reflects the extremity of their existential alienation . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gets up every morning at five o'clock , milks his family cow , attends to farm chores , and then takes a two-hour train trip to New York . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rector laughed despite himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's no war on now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll wake up the whole building . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Government of India will provide facilities for the conversions of the rupee equivalent of $4 million ( up to a maximum of $1 million per year ) accruing under the subject agreement for agricultural market development purposes into currencies other than United States dollars on request of the Government of the United States of America . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the city , he said , the waiting list for those who want to join the union is so long that unless a boy has an inside track he can't get in . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were greatly helped by there being no traces of former restoring . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why the teacher should study the individual pupil (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted to ask her about Jenkins now , but he knew he couldn't do so in [FILTERED]'s presence . (Filtered Words: 1)
The left front wheel landed 100 feet away . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same model car might be available in six or eight countries , yet not two countries will have the same rate either for the daily rate or rate per kilometer driven . (Filtered Words: 0)
The style of life chosen by the beat generation , the rhythm and ritual they have adopted as uniquely their own , is designed to enhance the value of the sexual experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tables 1 and 2 present the results of the statistical analysis of the data when compulsivity is used as the descriptive variable . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This deal with the ace o' spades . (Filtered Words: 0)
he might be Mrs. [FILTERED]'s murderer or have played some part in her death . (Filtered Words: 1)
A cave seemed to be opening in Quint's stomach . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wouldn't go back to New York as [FILTERED] suggested ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , wait '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] -- Jenny was the only person she knew of in the Mt. Pleasant neighborhood who called him that -- was kind but too easygoing . (Filtered Words: 1)
He piled everything neatly in a corner of the cellar and turned to stare at the blank stone wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Be careful , McLish '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
For some significant new items see the pictures . (Filtered Words: 0)
She opened the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Developed as a result of the multi-purpose resources control program of the government , vast , man-made bodies of water represent a kind of glorious fringe benefit , providing boating and fishing havens all over the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
For phosphor to fiber and fiber to air surfaces , and assuming Af , we obtain Af percent . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] was boiling mad now . (Filtered Words: 1)
( B ) each Af is invariant under T ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is different with his volume The Swedes And Their Chieftains ( Svenskarna och deras [FILTERED] ) , a history intended for the general reader and particularly suited for high school students . (Filtered Words: 1)
These expenditures are estimated to be $12.1 billion , an increase of $187 million over 1960 , reflecting additional longevity pay of career personnel , more dependents , an increased number of men drawing proficiency pay , and social security tax increases ( effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He has married me with a ring of bright water '' , begins the Kathleen Raine poem from which Maxwell takes his title , and it is this mystic bond between the human and natural world that the author conveys . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were two liquor saloons not very far from the church , one white , that is conducted for white people with a side entrance for Negroes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The new Warwick plant is being built at our expense and under our direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and the boys would come by , say `` How's [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
The kitchen was jammed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A call to the police had been placed from here a couple of minutes after nine P.M. , and the first police car had arrived two or three minutes after that -- 10 minutes ago now . (Filtered Words: 0)
All the king's horses and all the king's men (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What did you mean by that rattlesnake gag ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Their eyes turned cold and accusing , even Via's . (Filtered Words: 0)
He reached out to pull the door shut and fasten it with a sliding bolt . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be such a relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon she saw [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] moving over to join them . (Filtered Words: 2)
As he went out he told Freddie the dinner was perfect , and when he got his hat and coat from [FILTERED] and put a fifty-cent piece in the slot , he told her to be sure that it went toward her dowry . (Filtered Words: 1)
Measure straight up from marked row . (Filtered Words: 0)
All applicants were generally familiar with the work of the receptionist . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was aware of insistent inner beatings , as if prisoners within sought release from his rigid body . (Filtered Words: 0)
The congressman who , in Paris , may have stuffed his wallet with enough franc notes to paper the roof of Notre-Dame will systematically scream that a $200 increase in entertainment allowance for a second secretary is tantamount to debauchery of the Treasury . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the village of Soukhouma , which means `` Peaceful '' , we had a baci . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] had a pet theory that everyone is guilty of breaking more laws than he ever gets caught at . (Filtered Words: 1)
Eugene put a spoonful of powdered coffee into his cup and then filled it with hot water . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a mediocre restaurant at Sounion and I fed a thin little Grecian cat and gave it two saucers of water -- there was no milk -- which it lapped up as though it were nectar . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No more today . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it not ironical that [FILTERED] state , Rhode Island , should have been the very last of the forty-eight to establish a state university ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
He crossed himself again and rose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Below him , as if at the end of some remote tunnel , he heard the humming of a vacuum cleaner . (Filtered Words: 0)
They borrowed a typewriter , raised about $2,000 in contributions , hired a secretary , persuaded a couple of young men to join them for almost no pay and began mailing out a collection of unstapled leaflets that they called Guideposts . (Filtered Words: 0)
One Federal soldier wrote : `` the docters is no aconte -- hell will be filde with do(c)ters and offersey when this war is over '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a short-lived sigh of relief , [FILTERED] plugged the fuses back in and threw the switch . (Filtered Words: 1)
He emphasized to the Presiding Elder the plan of giving up the old church and moving across the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could even recall the last time he sat there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Culmone gets first win (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , the list also excludes all writers who are fairly `` optimistic '' about the modern situation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I went over to the Willows and dropped two notes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes a ship would be sighted and the Caravan pass so close that people could easily be seen on the distant deck . (Filtered Words: 0)
To him , [FILTERED] had always been the living symbol of a Polish officer . (Filtered Words: 1)
The solidity of brush stroke yielded to a hatching technique that finally led to virtual abandonment of American genres in favor of single figure studies and studio nudes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The composite samples were normally collected over a 6-hr. period , but an occasional 24-hr. composite was made . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` [FILTERED] square as an expression of centrality (Filtered Words: 1)
But when [FILTERED] rides with them they also have to take the two girls who usually ride with her , so the little car isn't big enough . (Filtered Words: 1)
We all love to suffer , but some of us love to suffer more than others . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , then assistant director for the Garrick Gaieties , a Theatre Guild production , needed a lyricist for a song he had written ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The attendant recognized me once more and said , `` What did you do about that office '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Pittsburgh turned him down , just as Pittsburgh society had been snubbing him for years . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great `` sea to the westwards '' was a dead end . (Filtered Words: 0)
The music drove them off , or away , and he was free to walk on air in a very few moments , humming and jiving within , beating the rhythm within . (Filtered Words: 0)
Field does the planning for the machine operations and fiscal processes and the adapting of the data processing system to new programs as they are made necessary by legislative and policy changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could it do otherwise ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Look out for those movers '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But suddenly those hot-honey eyes seemed to have everything but swarms of bees in them . (Filtered Words: 0)
More new addresses (Filtered Words: 0)
Looked at everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have to stay with Nieman for a while '' , Hemus said . (Filtered Words: 0)
( `` What did one tonsil say to the other tonsil ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was foggy that evening , but the path to my house was so well grooved that I could feel my way , accustomed as I was to the dense mists that rise from the sun-warmed palisades of the river and sometimes last for days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beyond a certain point , of course , no woman can be dominant -- nature has seen to that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Love you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The story reflects the way too many people feel . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] wore a gray tall hat , a gardenia , and maroon Wellington boots that glistened like currant jelly . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
He can sacrifice himself for tomorrow and he can sacrifice tomorrow for himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet no leader had come to the fore who seemed likely to give the puissant T. R. a semblance of a race . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey saw sunlight touch the curly blonde hairs on the brown skin . (Filtered Words: 0)
It casts a spell upon them so that they leave with a feeling of having been in the mysterious presence of an evil power . (Filtered Words: 0)
In certain respects defeat increased the persistent [FILTERED] of the Old South . (Filtered Words: 1)
Our Patterson Moos Research Division has made further very encouraging progress in development of fuel cells . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a wiry , inscrutable , silent country boy from the red clay of rural Alabama , and he spoke with the broad drawl that others normally make fun of . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s joust with Weber tunes was a considerably more serious misfortune , for it demands transluscent textures , buoyant rhythms , and astringent wit . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Parks Department has done an admirable job of preparing the Wollman Rink for Shakespeare . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that such a list cannot be constructed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Range delivery '' meant that the buyer , after examinin' the seller's ranch records and considerin' his rep'tation for truthfulness , paid for what the seller claimed to own , then rode out and tried to find it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Petitions asking for a jail term for Norristown attorney [FILTERED] will be presented to the Montgomery County Court Friday , it was disclosed Tuesday by Horace A. Davenport , counsel for the widow of the man killed last Nov. 1 by Barnard's hit-run car . (Filtered Words: 1)
I heard the screech of brakes behind me , an insane burst of laughter beneath me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Associations sponsor many traditional campus events and provide students with opportunities to form new friendships , to broaden their interests , and to engage in worthwhile service projects . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was too late to worry about that . (Filtered Words: 0)
In each city civic and education leaders have been working hard to get public opinion prepared to accept the inevitability of equal treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has to ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A new order is thrusting itself into being . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington (Filtered Words: 0)
And one finds it again in [FILTERED] ) to the effect that the Mayflower on its second voyage brought a cargo of Negro slaves . (Filtered Words: 1)
When this and other units combined to form the present group , it was taken on as a continuing fund-raiser . (Filtered Words: 0)
Social theory has no more right to expect results from meaningless questions , than physics has the right to expect a theological solution to the wave-particle controversy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You'd best get that whisky '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
he knew the fundamentals , and after studying with Fletcher for a time he approached Rector , announced that he wanted to be baptized and that was that . (Filtered Words: 0)
I just wish to congratulate Inspector [FILTERED] and his efficient police troops in cleaning the city of those horrible automobiles . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] can ride in the forward cockpit where the helmsman has a clear view . (Filtered Words: 1)
Jonathan's letter came , as she knew it would , and he had accepted their child's death as another judgment from God against both [FILTERED] and himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
the genial smile seemed painted on his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a long silence . (Filtered Words: 0)
That would be too much ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] tried their best to persuade her to come and stay with them , and [FILTERED] and I have told her she's more than welcome here , but I think she feels that she might be an imposition , especially as long as our [FILTERED] is still in high school . (Filtered Words: 4)
I must have dozed off , because I came to with a start at the sound of voices . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And whiskey '' , she said , smiling and blinking at the highball glasses . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and the boys would come by , say `` How's [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
Lincoln understood this better than most when he said in his `` Second Inaugural '' that God `` gives to both North and South this terrible war , as the woe due to those by whom the offense came '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This periodical , including weekly statistical supplements , is available for $4 per year from Commerce Field Offices or Superintendent of Documents , U.S. Government Printing Office , Washington 25 , D.C. . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 2 of 15 experiments on whole serum a region of agglutinin activity with intermediate anionic binding capacity was detected ( Region 3 , [FILTERED]. 1 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
But he was very much like his associates in his hatred of camp routine . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Sundays , with the permission of Captain [FILTERED] , who usually attended with two of his officers , services were held in the double cabin . (Filtered Words: 1)
Be our guest ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The Declaration of Independence says that `` governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They couldn't have much dough , but then none of the freight-bums Feathertop rolled had much . (Filtered Words: 0)
On May 9 , 1958 , the Commissioner announced his rulings . (Filtered Words: 0)
, for Engine crankshaft speed (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Precious . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The dirt on the soiled objects is mechanically held by surface irregularities to some extent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The air smelled warmish and foul . (Filtered Words: 0)
Honors that have come to [FILTERED] are countless . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some time later , after a check had been made of all automatic equipment , the crew would join the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then when [FILTERED] was on the end of the line of girls , [FILTERED] , in the middle of the line , gave an extra hard pull and the young teacher sprawled backwards , sitting down hard , her dress flying over her head . (Filtered Words: 2)
Proximate in the sense that there are more distant , more `` positive '' ends we seek , to which victory over Communism is but a means . (Filtered Words: 0)
The registration card of a person leaving his home territory for a short period is put into a special file for absent persons . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know nothin' about him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But almost all the schools were primary . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Taoists believed the unity could be influenced by proper magical manipulation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the cocktail party would appear to be the ideal system , but there is one weakness . (Filtered Words: 0)
He can take security from the fact that the progress he has made by his gentle approach will not be lost . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , darn it all , why should we help a couple of spoiled snobs who had looked down their noses at us ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
it was what she had been thinking herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
There will be a large drawing of a sunbonnet girl with eyes that flash at the guests . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'd be sure to remember any bride who was vague about background . (Filtered Words: 0)
Models will be Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] A [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 11)
But the Indian was jabbing another bottle toward [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A random-storage scheme , based on the spelling of forms , provides an economical way to compile this text-form list . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he came toward me sedately enough , showed me around the counter , offered me a seat inside his office , then walked to a file cabinet and got out my application . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this story of an American couple who meet and fall in love in Israel , Mr. [FILTERED] has written songs that are warmly melodious and dance music that sparkles . (Filtered Words: 1)
When we opened the door again for business and switched on the lights she said : (Filtered Words: 0)
United Nations , [FILTERED] , June 18 (Filtered Words: 1)
Eventually the class will be able to kick up high enough so that the teacher can catch the leading leg . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] has qualities of leadership . (Filtered Words: 1)
heat thoroughly . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is difficult to pinpoint the time of origin of the state purchasing automobiles for use of employees in Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
and when school closed , she was unable to travel to Massachusetts . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was exposing herself to temptation which it is best to avoid where it can consistently be done . (Filtered Words: 0)
A valve in the handle let us cut the pressure still lower . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I could go with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
There will be a large drawing of a sunbonnet girl with eyes that flash at the guests . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Russian pupils have to take these languages , how come American students have a choice whether or not to take a language , but have to face so many exceptions ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They were free . (Filtered Words: 0)
You see , she's on a diet . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the only valid , and extenuating , argument that may be advanced in defense of the reprehensible attitude of the common wine waiter . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's your decision '' , said [FILTERED] , holding her face very still , trying to contain the bitterness of her voice as she enunciated her words too distinctly . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] has made only one second-half appearance this season and that was in the Washington State game , for four plays : he returned the kickoff 30 yards , gained five yards through the line and then uncorked a 56-yard touchdown run before retiring to the bench . (Filtered Words: 1)
You go . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believed him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do I send him up '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Accompanied by `` Master Greene our solicitor '' ( [FILTERED] of the Middle Temple , [FILTERED]'s `` cousin '' ) , [FILTERED] tried to consult Sir [FILTERED] , attorney general , and gave money to a clerk and a doorkeeper `` that we might have access to their master for his counsel butt colde nott have him att Leasure by the reason of thees trobles '' ( the Essex rising on February 8 ) . (Filtered Words: 4)
He hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
His hands , which had been as quick as a pair of fluttering birds , were now neither active nor really relaxed . (Filtered Words: 0)
and even putting it that way would not prove that [FILTERED] was anything but wrong . (Filtered Words: 1)
( opposite page , top left ) : Remove wooden design head from bowl of butter mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is eminently successful according to all conventional standards . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kept going . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What else would I mean , anyways '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the meantime , generations keep being born , bitterness is increased by incompetence , pride , and folly , and the world shrinks around us . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he knew ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( Sometimes I think you need only one rule for cooking : if you can't put garlic in it , put chocolate in it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American gun and ammunition producers sponsor a successful promotional program through their industry trade association . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's go into the library . (Filtered Words: 0)
A truism is that the time to prepare for the worst is when times are best . (Filtered Words: 0)
The suggestion that in saying something evil had occurred we were after all making no mistake , because we had never meant anyhow to say anything about the past suffering , seems to me merely frivolous . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one went much to the crossroads now except [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gun told himself that the old bastard was a fool . (Filtered Words: 0)
And we can add that [FILTERED]'s interpretation of purgation is also one answer to [FILTERED]'s fear that poetry will encourage our passions . (Filtered Words: 2)
he is very close to being a mental case . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , you'll wobble and weave quite a bit at first . (Filtered Words: 0)
That made up for the `` best '' motel in Norman , Okla. , where the proprietor knocked $2 off the $8.50 tab when we found ants in the pressed-paper furniture . (Filtered Words: 0)
At Stettin the university-educated artist , who had studied German , was chosen to serve as interpreter and clerk in the office of the Stalag commander . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is chairman of the committee , which includes Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , 2d , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 15)
But [FILTERED]'s eyes were on Agnese whose glowing face and softening eyes gave her a look of warmth and happiness . (Filtered Words: 1)
Confederate Constitution , 1861 (Filtered Words: 0)
She was coming to her senses enough to realize that you don't go traipsing off anywhere at two in the morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had a long talk with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it is to be noted also that confidence should grow from remembering that great men often appeared in the past to turn local catastrophe into future good for all mankind . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were disturbed by his idiotic bravado -- as , when his bodyguard , [FILTERED] , complained that he had been snubbed by [FILTERED] , a prize-fight referee , chieftain of a Jewish gang and one of four brothers of tough reputation , who were [FILTERED] , a gambler-politician in loose beer-running league with [FILTERED] and O'Banion , [FILTERED] , a policeman , and [FILTERED] , the youngest . (Filtered Words: 6)
Various metal ions have been found to protect plasma arylesterase against inactivation by urea and guanidine . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is exposited by this observation is not the inherent prejudices of Englishmen but the Anglophobia of Brooks Adams . (Filtered Words: 0)
I looked at my watch . (Filtered Words: 0)
We cannot truthfully say of anyone who has succeeded in entering deep into his sixties that he was never old . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stared at him , her eyes wide as she thought about what he had said ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Near the end of the Hippodrome I came upon the Built Column , a truncated obelisk of blocks , all that remains of a monument that once rivalled the Colossus of Rhodes . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is an answer which opens the door wide to an onrush of objections and denials . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Eve was disobedient ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Dec. 22 is the deadline for Mrs. [FILTERED]'s return ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He worked as a `` clothier '' in London , but was greatly concerned with religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The selection had been expected . (Filtered Words: 0)
but to make it stiffer , of a really putty-like consistency to avoid cracking , we added a little hydrated lime -- hard on the hands , but we could see no other disadvantage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Choreographed by Mr. [FILTERED] , the work filled the second half of a program that also offered the first New York showing of Miss Tamiris' `` Once Upon A Time '' as well as her `` Women's Song '' and Mr. [FILTERED]'s `` Indeterminate Figure '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
One effect of the spirited give-and-take of these discussions was to focus attention on practical applications and the necessity of being armed with the facts : knowledge of the destructive force of even the tiniest `` tactical '' atomic weapon would have a bearing on judgments as to the advisability of its use -- to defend Berlin , for example ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I called the other afternoon on my old friend , [FILTERED] , the Anglo-American literary critic -- his mother was born in Ohio -- who lives alone in a fairy-tale cottage on the Upson Downs , raising hell and peacocks , the former only when the venerable gentleman becomes an angry old man about the state of literature or something else that is dwindling and diminishing , such as human stature , hope , and humor . (Filtered Words: 1)
Have you examined this problem of increasing consumer sophistication from the standpoint of your own company ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Sir [FILTERED] , writing in 1898 , put himself firmly in the Lappenburg-Kemble tradition by attacking the veracity of the West Saxon annals . (Filtered Words: 1)
The forest took on an impersonal aspect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Analysis (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The flavor of Baltimore's Florida Grapefruit League news ripened considerably late today when the Orioles were advised that [FILTERED] has fulfilled his obligations under the Army's military training program and is ready for belated spring training . (Filtered Words: 1)
Few will quarrel with the aim of the schools or with the wording of their curriculum . (Filtered Words: 0)
See illustration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her brother [FILTERED] was a very gentle soul , her mother was a quiet woman who said little but who had hard , probing eyes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Proof . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outside his window bloomed a beautiful summer day . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't know a human could feed so fast and still be beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next day I visited International Christian College which has developed since the war under the leadership of people who were interned and who know Japan well . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is room for disagreement concerning some of Dr. [FILTERED]'s specific views . (Filtered Words: 1)
An impoverished home that may discourage one child may constitute the motivation causing another to work harder for successful achievement in school . (Filtered Words: 0)
Zen maintains that cognitive things are only the surface of experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Being the Harbor's sole doctor , Abel was also its Medical Examiner . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fund's statewide quota this year is $8,250 to provide Christmas gifts for needy youngsters . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What luck , Cobb '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Each Friday one manager is chosen by lot to stay late and load the equipment on a truck . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , bobbing her head encouragingly , asked [FILTERED] about Canada , having a special interest . (Filtered Words: 2)
Since the removal force is a function of coating thickness , a differential transformer pickup has been incorporated into the instrument to accurately measure film thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could send the money right back '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before leaving for America , he happened to see his old friend [FILTERED] and confided to him his new resolutions . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is some reason to think that thyroglobulin synthesis may proceed independently of iodination , for in certain transplantable tumours of the rat thyroid containing essentially no iodinated thyroglobulin , a protein that appears to be thyroglobulin has been observed in ultracentrifuge experiments ( Wolff , Robbins and Rall , 1959 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I keep all these plays in this little black book , and I watch over a twelve-hour period to find out what numbers are repeating . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made their spreads his headquarters , and he helped out in their roundups . (Filtered Words: 0)
We do well to remind ourselves that from men and women of New England ancestry also issued the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , the Seventh Day Adventists , [FILTERED] , the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions , the American Home Missionary Society , the American Bible Society , and New England theology . (Filtered Words: 1)
Tribal authorities , the chiefs and their secretaries , were held responsible for maintaining the registers of indigenous persons within their territories , under the general supervision of district officials . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Hotel Westmore proved to be one of the older hotels in Pearson City , and definitely second-rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not a mutually exclusive plan ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was more than half-drunk , and his faculties were dulled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Together they also developed a new form of voltaic cell in which the wooden trough was replaced by one of copper , thereby producing stronger currents . (Filtered Words: 0)
Participants in the 27 Portland companies worked one night a week through the school year , guided and counseled by adult advisors drawn from local business and industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some elements support the others , but all have limitations . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , if these procedures are applied more often , conditioned emotional responses are temporarily abolished . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may remind one of Russia , China or East Berlin ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Preserving the pool (Filtered Words: 0)
Where was Mr. [FILTERED] , he wondered . (Filtered Words: 1)
His cause was to commemorate the glory of her past and to incite her people to perpetuate it in the present . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bicycle gear-sets he had once used as the basis of the design for the Camden Cycly Company plant hung on a rope in one corner , and over his desk , next to several old and dusty hats , was a clean pair of roller skates which he occasionally used up and down in front of his house . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you need a bandage '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Heat during the Atlanta campaign , coupled with unsuitable clothing , caused individual irritation that was compounded by a lack of opportunity to bathe and shift into clean clothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , a lighter weight works much better because a greater , more extensive split can be performed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a climate hostile to agriculture , Mr. [FILTERED] has had to keep alert to the most productive farm techniques . (Filtered Words: 1)
I doubt that `` fear parties '' and `` group confessionals '' will help very much . (Filtered Words: 0)
He selects queries or general interest to answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was the clerks who caused the mischief and who made him say that the ruling passion of their race was covetousness and that in dealing with them he never knew whether he had to do with a Frenchman or with a devil . (Filtered Words: 0)
It appeared that the theory could be saved in one way only . (Filtered Words: 0)
Detailed information on record lengths of the giants is given in the section that follows . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be , of course , that such objectives can be pursued consisently with a policy designed to overthrow Communism ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of Kitti . (Filtered Words: 0)
Escape . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the millions who have served time in concentration camps in Siberia as political prisoners of the Soviet state , few emerge in the West to tell about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
In secret he also acted as a member of the prisoners' Central Committee , which plotted sabotage , planned a few escapes , and maintained a hidden control over the wretched French slave-laborers . (Filtered Words: 0)
I set it on the Gator trailer . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stacked Miss [FILTERED]'s thin pink dishes in the sink . (Filtered Words: 2)
Once he has been identified , however , a new melody is used to accompany his narrative , a bleak motif with barren octaves creating a rather ancient effect : (Filtered Words: 0)
Twenty-nine exhibits received awards . (Filtered Words: 0)
Russian tanks and artillery parading through the streets of Havana , Russian intrigue in the Congo , and Russian arms drops in Laos ( using the same [FILTERED] transports that were used to carry Communist agents to the Congo ) made it plain once more that the cold war was all of a piece in space and time . (Filtered Words: 1)
While a wind wave never travels at more than 60 miles per hour , the velocity of a tsunami in the open sea must be reckoned in hundreds of miles per hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty shrugged slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
What do we care '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was unwilling to rely on Griffith's carrying his message , and he had no confidence the police would act on it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Assessment of value . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But when I arrived and recognised a number of notorious characters I had thrown into the detective bureau basement half a dozen times , I knew I had been framed , and withdrew almost at once '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] cleverly contrasts the two groups by their orchestral accompaniment , solemn chords or mocking staccatos . (Filtered Words: 1)
In fact , the neat balance of these pairs , and their subtle equilibrium , would have had special meaning in the minds of the Old Chinese . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , contrary to many popular assertions , the goal-values chosen do not seem to us to be primarily oriented to materialistic success nor to mere conformity . (Filtered Words: 0)
They escorted him down from the porch and through the rain to his office . (Filtered Words: 0)
They kept drifting apart and merging again in his mind like some minute form of life on a microscope slide . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' -- I didn't -- I didn't ever want to see that woman again . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What will be the subject '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Darling , I love that photograph . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another man approached , this one fully dressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Visitors to the school ask what shampoo they use on the children's hair to bring out the sheen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Killpath peered through half-closed lids at his reflection , thrust up his chin in a gesture of satisfaction and about-faced . (Filtered Words: 0)
Casualties have been running about a dozen men a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Extreme cases are on record in which the doctor has had to use instruments to cut through the hymen to permit marital relations to be consummated . (Filtered Words: 0)
These men were without capital or experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
All the flooring and the storage [FILTERED] is half-inch exterior fir plywood . (Filtered Words: 1)
If a man totally ignorant of America were to judge our land and its civilization based on Hollywood alone , what conclusions do you think he might come to ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Grosse quietly got a broom and started to sweep up the sugar . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had been snared here by a vile sensuality that writhed around her throat in ever-tightening circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] came by train from Birmingham and looked the city over ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
One of the babies died in the initial transferral but of Helva's `` class '' , seventeen thrived in the metal shells . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] , Sophia's half-sister , became ill in March , 1910 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The latter matter is considered in detail in a later section . (Filtered Words: 0)
His adventurous spirit had waned ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Martin guessed that Dolores would not be so eager to tell the next installment of her story . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] was negotiating the Middle East peace after Israel's 1956 invasion of Egypt , he soon found himself speaking the mysterious phrases of Cairo , a language as anarchic as [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` No '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I will assume that we are all aware of the continuing struggle , with its limited and precarious success , toward conservatism . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was shown a warm welcome regardless , and spent the time in Winchester recuperating from his ailment , enjoying his family and arranging his private affairs which were , of course , run down . (Filtered Words: 0)
In of all the suggestions that were made , his was the silliest the possessive his represents his suggestion and is stressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In both the direct and indirect methods of staining , the conjugates had nonspecifically staining fractions . (Filtered Words: 0)
What targets still remain to be hit ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
How did they miss him when they got [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Trenton (Filtered Words: 0)
Hans cut the foil off finally and unscrewed the cap . (Filtered Words: 0)
In that interval , the German bombers made a hell of [FILTERED] harbor . (Filtered Words: 1)
You don't head back down again . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
His political career goes back to his election to city council in 1923 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , man can readily deduce that the primary objective end of the conjugal act is procreation , the propagation of the race . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish I was younger and less timid . (Filtered Words: 0)
if such person is deceased or is under a legal disability , payment shall be made to his legal representative : Provided , That if the total award is not over $500 and there is no qualified executor or administrator , payment may be made to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto , without the necessity of compliance with the requirements of law with respect to the administration of estates ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Jean Babel '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Administration maintains a productive facilities inventory of small business industrial concerns that have voluntarily registered . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hooked the next two out of bounds on the opposite side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps this would be sufficient to justify an economic boycott of an entire national chain in order , by threatening potential injury to its entire economy , to effect an alteration of the policy of its local stores in the matter of segregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
His ideal was [FILTERED] of Macedon , as Napoleon's was Julius Caesar . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was really amazed to discover the other guests so excited about these delicate little songs . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was married to him for better or for worse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World -- the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated -- the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America -- the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , [FILTERED] , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , [FILTERED] -- the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art -- the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . (Filtered Words: 2)
( To avoid any possible excuse for a dripping parade through your house , it is a good idea to have a telephone extension near the pool as well as a direct outdoor route between the pool , and the parking area . (Filtered Words: 0)
crossed himself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't bother , [FILTERED] '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Was it Dutch Brenner '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This appliance will exert a gentle and continuous or intermittent pressure on the bone . (Filtered Words: 0)
None has yet arisen under condition ( 2 ) , relating to referral to jobs `` the filling of which is an issue in a labor dispute '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This third choice was in fact made . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sturdy and strong after more than a century of continuous use , the old covered , wooden bridge that spans the Tygartis Valley River at Philippi will have a distinctive part in the week-long observance of the first land battle of the Civil War at its home site , May 28th to June 3rd . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would become tagged as men not interested in being purely real estate `` professionals '' but agitators for some kind of `` cause '' or `` reform '' , and this was no longer to be a `` pro '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the highroad , according to the description of its traffic , belongs to life as it is lived in unawareness of death , while the way to the churchyard belongs to some other sort of life : a suffering form , an existence wholly comprised in the awareness of death . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the conduct of these and many other campaigns , the [FILTERED] proved to be a much abler journalist than his critics allowed . (Filtered Words: 1)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood flat-footed in the box , but not very close to the plate now . (Filtered Words: 0)
The child was gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
With our company of soldiers , we made one long column of reddish dust . (Filtered Words: 0)
I visited the bank in March and wrote a story about the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last , I thought , she's recovering her spirits . (Filtered Words: 0)
There has been an intensification of price-consciousness in recent years ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And there was the case of [FILTERED] , a machinist , who was referred by a friend to a health machine quack who treated him with a so-called diagnostic machine for what Doctor [FILTERED] said was a system full of arsenic and strychnine . (Filtered Words: 2)
If we go into this Common Market , we might just as well stop talking about Constitutional guarantees , Connally Amendments or , for that matter , conservatism in general . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presently , Hardwicke-Etter employs 300-450 people , depending on the season of the year . (Filtered Words: 0)
By turns , her beautifully sung [FILTERED] is fierce , tender , venomous and pitiful . (Filtered Words: 1)
A word should be said for [FILTERED] , a Broadway youngster who , as the adopted son , makes life miserable for nearly everybody and [FILTERED] in particular . (Filtered Words: 2)
He returned in command of an international army of Gurkhas , Indians , Africans , Chinese and British . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- feed at level for 2 or 3 days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Man was created with the capacity for immortality , but the devil's promise of immortality in exchange for disobedience cost Adam his immortality . (Filtered Words: 0)
This covered , wooden bridge is so closely identified with the first action in the early morning of June 3 , 1861 , and with subsequent troop movements of both armies in the Philippi area that it has become a part and parcel of the war story . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , H is the coatings removal force measured parallel to the surface of the substrate and T is the film thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has held them at bay . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Winston '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She yelped . (Filtered Words: 0)
A replica of two coaches made in England for the Belmont Club in the East , and matchless west of the Rockies , it was the despair of whips on the Santa Cruz run . (Filtered Words: 0)
of curiosity ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor [FILTERED] contributed an ox for a barbecue on the green beneath the three-hundred-foot pines , and a barrel of rum was broached . (Filtered Words: 1)
And though in his later years he revised his poems many times , the revisions did not alter the essential nature of the style which he had established before he was thirty ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll let you go back to doing the dishes now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No previous antitrust case , he said , had involved interests of such magnitude or presented such complex problems of relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
A shot of orange juice would make everything seem better . (Filtered Words: 0)
And little [FILTERED] , a Dora with real spirit and verve , was fascinating whether she was singing of her love for [FILTERED] , the cop who becomes sewer commissioner and then is promoted into garbage , or just dancing to display her exuberant feelings . (Filtered Words: 2)
Prevention of bacterial pneumonia , shipping fever , as an aid in reduction of losses due to respiratory infections ( infectious rhinotracheitis -- shipping fever complex ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Legislature should be granted the opportunity to complete its work before choosing up sides for the race . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having completed our camera work , we started our climb . (Filtered Words: 0)
Climb the steps from the theatre to the Via Della Tribuna Di Campitelli for an even better view of the Columns of Apollo . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American Registry Of Pathology operates as a cooperative enterprise in medical research and education between the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology and the civilian medical profession on a national and international basis , under such conditions as may be agreed upon between the National Research Council and The Surgeons General of the Army , Navy , and Air Force . (Filtered Words: 0)
And if I could contribute to that , I'd do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the age of six young [FILTERED] indicated that he had the call . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was perhaps thirty-two , nicely set up , with light brown hair that had a pronounced wave . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapter 5 the early eighth century (Filtered Words: 0)
On his lips , his men following . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a systematic astronomy , like that of Copernicus , retrogradations become part of the conceptual structure of the system ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That limit has now been reached '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A sufficiently good approximation for determining the end reflection losses R can be obtained from the angle independent [FILTERED] formula : Af . (Filtered Words: 1)
Madden took up this point with [FILTERED] , who shrugged it off . (Filtered Words: 1)
I can't run . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mmm '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dolce Vita get-together boasted a strip tease ( carried as far as a black slip ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Getting elected president of the student body took a lot of time and politicking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now that you offer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just so darned sure of himself that he puts the Indian sign on everyone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both turned in top jobs for the second straight game . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question was raised , for example , as to what attitude the President would take if Mr. [FILTERED] proposes a broad neutral belt extending from Southeast Asia to the Middle East . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] said America has nothing to fear in world competition if it dares to be original in both marketing and product ideas . (Filtered Words: 1)
National identification was not new , but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new unifications occurred . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
Crooked , overlapping , twisted , or widely spaced teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Maximizing economic and cultural opportunity (Filtered Words: 0)
The higher price supports provided by the new legislation , together with rising prices for farm products , are pushing up farm income , making it possible for farmers to afford the new machinery . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there are also the commercial propagandists and the analysts -- one dominated by money , the other by nineteenth-century German scholarship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Relativism and equality are its characteristic diseases . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his novel The House Of The Dead , Dostoevsky tells of his experiences in a Siberian prison camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shrugs met that , from room clerks , from bellhops . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was also a corpse -- a male , judging from the coral arm bands , the tribal scars still discernible on the maggoty face , the painted bone of the warrior caste which still pierced the septum of the rotting nose . (Filtered Words: 0)
While the Daily Post continued to accuse Republicans and the Daily Journal continued to accuse Democrats , the Woonsocket Patriot complained that the Virginia authorities showed indecent and cowardly haste to condemn [FILTERED] and his men . (Filtered Words: 1)
I suggested . (Filtered Words: 0)
The crowd moved back and John started dizzily down the hill . (Filtered Words: 0)
The relative forces can be calculated from the various radii of curvature if we assume : ( A ) The surface tension is uniform on the surface of the drop . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that time the second half of the Christian Youth Crusade against Communism will be staged . (Filtered Words: 0)
For change is dependent on the possibilities that individual men glimpse for the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
Compute this volume by measuring the distance from the top of the block to the piston head as accurately as possible with a depth micrometer or some other precision measuring device and then multiply the area of the cylinder by the depth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The turn of the century , or to be more precise , the two decades preceeding and following it , marks a great change in the history of early English scholarship . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the end of the line '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The magnification may be smaller , equal , or larger than unity . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] told Washington that `` Lafayette was charmed with the spirited behavior of the militia and riflemen '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It should not be forgotten that wines mature fastest in half-bottles , less fast in full bottles , slowly in [FILTERED] -- and slower yet in Tregnums , double [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Imperiales , respectively . (Filtered Words: 3)
Actually , the officers on the ground had no intention of letting the hijackers get away with any kind of an airplane ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We again consider a fixed point P at Af and a variable point Q at Af on C . (Filtered Words: 0)
It need hardly be remarked that [FILTERED] was not generally known for his scrupulosity about keeping his social engagements , which makes his irritation in this letter all the more significant . (Filtered Words: 1)
( Downbeat did not mention the Los Angeles appearance of Patchen and the Sextet , although the engagement lasted over two months . (Filtered Words: 0)
This means either cars or trucks . (Filtered Words: 0)
A form of objective function that we shall often have occasion to consider is Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
This way of describing the matter is unfortunate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The people of the 17th District of New York , and I as their Representative in Congress , take great pride in the New York Times as one of the great and authoritative newspapers of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
I should have '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Analyses such as these four will simultaneously combat the assumptions that tone is impossible and that it is simple . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] bought some scrap lumber . (Filtered Words: 1)
it was demonstrated , many critics would later point out , in the length of his novels . (Filtered Words: 0)
The area may provide good springs or opportunities for a well or be near to municipal water lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
These battens are glued and screwed to the frames . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine spun , clapping a hand high on his chest , and dived forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to the penalties provided in Title 18 , United States Code , Section 1001 , any person guilty of any act , as provided therein , with respect to any matter under this Title , shall forfeit all rights under this Title , and , if payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
In I have things to do the word things makes little real contribution to meaning and has weaker stress than do . (Filtered Words: 0)
He threw off the light blanket and swung his feet off the bunk , to the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The limits are suggested by an imaginary experiment : contrast the perceptual skill of English professors with that of their colleagues in discriminating among motor cars , political candidates , or female beauty . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the first time in history , the U.S. has produced a society in which less than one-tenth of the people turn out so much food that the Government's most embarrassing problem is how to dispose inconspicuously of 100 million tons of surplus farm produce . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is just more to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
And even if he'd somehow missed seeing him , he wouldn't have gone off and left the light on and door open in the file room . (Filtered Words: 0)
He says : `` That would reduce neurotic ailments tremendously . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could terminate special sessions of the Legislature . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] cafes (Filtered Words: 1)
Moreover , whereas in Interstate Commerce Commission parlance `` variable cost '' means a cost deemed to vary in direct proportion to changes in rate of output , in the type of analysis now under review `` variable cost '' has been used more broadly , so as to cover costs which , while a function of some one variable ( such as output of energy , or number of customers ) , are not necessarily a linear function . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Belgians were interested primarily in the economic development of the Congo , which is rich in copper , tin , cobalt , manganese , zinc , and uranium , and cotton and palm oil . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked her severely . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ramblings on life , death , and the wonder of it all are distressing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why do you worry ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Come , I show you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The first two pilots had crashed '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm willing to stake my political career on it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The experiments of Romagnosi and others have already been noted but no one had determined the cause-and-effect relationship between these two primary forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the extent of ethical robotism is easily overestimated . (Filtered Words: 0)
But our outlook has been , and continues to be , defensive . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s appearance is rough-hewn Irish . (Filtered Words: 1)
This expansion has been going on for an estimated eight billion years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somehow we old-timers never figured we would ever retire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cascading single stages by coupling lens systems , ( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
But each step has been broken down into easy stages , utilizing standard materials and simple tools , well within the capabilities of the handyman . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the name [FILTERED] is one of the most dominant in the history of American politics for the last half century . (Filtered Words: 1)
But if she wasn't interested , she'd just go back to the same life she'd left . (Filtered Words: 0)
In general , friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches , making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On Big Stone Lake near the headwaters of the Red River , [FILTERED] , Superintendent of the Western Indian Department of Canada , had a trading post and planned in 1818 to build a fort to be defended by twenty men and two small artillery pieces . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hardy was not Hardy very often . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am sure he is in raptures '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
but unfortunately the rabbit , on no grounds at all , took up toward this neutral object an attitude of disapproval and that made it for the first time , and in the only intelligible sense , bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only way to find things is to relax '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
absent in type 2 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The child of this problem was Mr. [FILTERED]'s famous Serial No. 1 Universal Milling Machine , the archtype from which is descended today's universal knee-type milling machine used throughout the world . (Filtered Words: 1)
and then we have septillion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The final group included folk songs from back home , stomped out , shouted and chanted with irresistible spirit and in cowboy costume . (Filtered Words: 0)
We've got one other call to make before I meet [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
What we did get , however , was impressive . (Filtered Words: 0)
That battle scene , ridiculous as it was , remained in my mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
The problem arises , if it does arise , when the educator has to make a choice or a decision within the area of his professional competence , but which bears some relation to the social structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
To my way of thinking , he was scared sick . (Filtered Words: 0)
The material of the [FILTERED] film is simplicity itself ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The final decision went to the executive but a way has been opened for strengthening budgeting procedures and to provide legislators information they need . (Filtered Words: 0)
This section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about , or in attempting to bring about , the substantial lessening of competition . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I haven't made up my mind yet '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
A little boy came to give the President his personal condolences , and the President gave word that any little boy who wanted to see him was to be shown in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Family rationing probably will be necessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
His first shot in the Open last year landed in a brook that flowed along the right side of the fairway . (Filtered Words: 0)
The evidence in court was testimony about the interview , which for [FILTERED] lasted an hour , although at least one white student at Georgia got through this ritual by a simple phone conversation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Santa's lieutenants in charge of the Journal-Bulletin Santa Claus Fund are looking for the usual generous response this year from [FILTERED] residents . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the Riverside dugout [FILTERED] , shortstop , whispered into [FILTERED]'s ear : `` There's gonna be a fight '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Gov. [FILTERED] is expected to make the traditional visit to both chambers as they work toward adjournment . (Filtered Words: 1)
Without a great acceleration in the metropolitan area's economy , there will not be sufficient jobs for the growing numbers of youngsters , and St. Louis will slip into second-class status . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 1960 advertising campaign brought a total of 239 inquiries ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Results (Filtered Words: 0)
The rocking is actually felt in the story , a terrible and ominous rhythm that prophesies the tragedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the past the club depended largely on Van Brocklin's aerials . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , as Communist power increases , the enjoyment of these conditions throughout the world diminishes pro rata and the possibility of their restoration becomes increasingly remote . (Filtered Words: 0)
The idol of the hackers , of course , is [FILTERED] , who achieved a 19 in the United States Open . (Filtered Words: 1)
For a while his work was influenced deeply by the French impressionists , and by the patterned , mosaic-like paintings of [FILTERED] , then the dean of Austrian art . (Filtered Words: 1)
Neither of these poems is an aberration ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The person of the artist becomes a final bastion of meaning in a world rendered meaningless by the march of events and the decay of classical religious and philosophical systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outline plans for the entire service . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rapping the stick against the desk . (Filtered Words: 0)
She finds married life stifling and every prolonged sex relationship unbearably monotonous . (Filtered Words: 0)
The release , the freedom , involved in loving another is either terribly difficult or else absolutely impossible ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
So you look down there and you see a tiny , whirling point about the size of the head of a pin . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than a beautiful visualization of the illustrious adventures and escapades of the tragi-comic knight-errant and his squire , Sancho Panza , in seventeenth-century Spain , this inevitably abbreviated rendering of the classic satire on chivalry is an affectingly warm and human exposition of character . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another struck him heavily in the thigh and he went down . (Filtered Words: 0)
The flat-bottomed boat swung slowly to the pull of the current . (Filtered Words: 0)
He walked past the sheriff into a windowless room with shelves full of big , leather-bound volumes from floor to ceiling all around the walls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Benson looked up and saw Ramey's long head tilt forward to rub his chin on the stiff edge of the overall bib . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is sufficiently small compared with the surface temperature of the anode holder , to make the energy flux radiated from the environment toward the anode holder negligible within the accuracy of the present measurements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among other things , besides the nature of your house and how much heat finds its way into its various rooms from the outside , it will depend upon your personal habits and the makeup of your family . (Filtered Words: 0)
We shared the expenses of the studio , and we all lived within walking distance of it , in cheap lodgings of one kind or another . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other winners (Filtered Words: 0)
Moscow radio from the Literary [FILTERED] in English to England : (Filtered Words: 1)
While sovereignty has roots in antiquity , in its present usage it is essentially modern . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , president and voting stockholder of [FILTERED] and Co. , Beverly Hills , has been active in the securities business since 1925 . (Filtered Words: 1)
the Rees undoubtedly would try to cut down as many of the animals as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Venn and others have dealt with sports and pastimes at Cambridge in Milton's day with not very specific results . (Filtered Words: 0)
Molding (Filtered Words: 0)
Earlier , this woman had been so filled with a chaotic variety of introjects that at times , when she was in her room alone , it would sound to a passerby as though there were several different persons in the room , as she would vocalize in various kinds of voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nearly any lad with a modicum of skill might find a payday awaiting him in the Three I League , or the Pony League , or the Coastal Plains League , or the fast Eastern League , if not indeed in one of the hundreds of city leagues that abounded everywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
It sowered ( on ) my stomack and turn loose on me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parents of the couple are [FILTERED] of [FILTERED] and the late Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] of Floresville and the late Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 5)
`` [FILTERED] meet [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
I ought to . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dr. [FILTERED] , I've got a lot of blood '' , Fred spoke up , `` plenty of it . (Filtered Words: 1)
O'Banion was born in poverty , the son of an immigrant Irish plasterer , in the North Side's [FILTERED] , close by the Sicilian quarter and Death Corner . (Filtered Words: 1)
Stilts and Shadow , on Pam's bed , appeared to be one cat -- rather large , as Siamese cats go , and , to be sure , having two heads and two tails . (Filtered Words: 0)
A midwestern builder cut his labor costs per thousand bricks from $81 to $43.50 by adopting this same process , cut them another $7.50 to $36 by buying his bricks in convenient , easy-to-spot 100-brick packages . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are here because all our paths travel a blind course through a thick forest , seeking human dignity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Patchen has almost never used strict poetic forms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
To our knowledge no nurse in our agency has been employed because of political affiliation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their sentry followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
I tossed the bottle . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a leading judge will not be at the International Show this year for the Junior Judging Contest as he has been invited to judge in Australia in March . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps that was the first thing to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had been a very long time that had no form and no end . (Filtered Words: 0)
Serum samples were obtained from normal group A , group B and group O donors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its ribs showed , it was a yellow nondescript color , it suffered from a variety of sores , hair had scabbed off its body in patches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Introduction (Filtered Words: 0)
That , I smarted , is a royal rebuff if ever there was one . (Filtered Words: 0)
You mean it , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
This old world lost all of its helium and trace gases long ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sir [FILTERED] , a hundred years before Communism was a force to be reckoned with , wrote his brilliant legal generalization , that `` the progress of society is from status to contract '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the moral code were flouted , the proper balance of the universe would be upset , and the disastrous result could be floods , plague , or famine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some work with their hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two committees of members of the Advisory Board constitute the committees of selection -- one for the selection of [FILTERED] from Canada , the United States , and the English-speaking Caribbean area and one for the selection of [FILTERED] from the Latin American republics and the Republic of the Philippines . (Filtered Words: 2)
Thirty-five (Filtered Words: 0)
Let none but Him who rules the thunder (Filtered Words: 0)
These contemporary structures , beautifully adapted to a school in the country , are home to 60 children , ages eight to fourteen , grades four through eight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Desiring to fill the only remaining lack , he selected the best site on the ranch for a chapel and spared no expense in erecting it . (Filtered Words: 0)
A `` mealynose '' was a cow or steer of the longhorn type , with lines and dots of a color lighter'n the rest of its body 'round the eyes , face , and nose . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Y're the young [FILTERED] woman . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yes , he didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
One house was without power for about half an hour , a Narragansett Electric Co. spokesman said . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1930 , they began making cotton processing equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood very still , his heart thumping wildly . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was quoted as saying : `` The workings of the woman's mind amaze me '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Somehow our contemporary Moloch must be induced to see reason . (Filtered Words: 0)
The vast Central Valley of California is one of the most productive agricultural areas in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was lucky they let me go , I guess '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The movable clamps travel on carriages which ride the rails and are drawn by dead-weight loading . (Filtered Words: 0)
The esplanade eliminates [FILTERED]. , which on original plans ran through the center of the development . (Filtered Words: 1)
Without any definite plan in mind , she went to a judge to see what could be done . (Filtered Words: 0)
As markets become larger and marketing more complex , the costs of an error become progressively larger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Probable agreement (Filtered Words: 0)
I feel another of terrible urgency . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vegetables are served liberally . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Surely it would grow there whether I washed myself or not . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Canadian Rockies , great groves of aspen are already glinting gold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Facts in focus (Filtered Words: 0)
Rummaging through a stack of drawers nearby , you unearthed an antique French chess set in ivory and sandalwood , which , along with two box Kodaks , you added to your haul . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had to ride a streetcar two miles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conrad interrupted . (Filtered Words: 0)
extend your feet forward and backward until you are in a deep leg split . (Filtered Words: 0)
The walls are held together with metal ties placed in the wet mortar as the walls are built . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before Harmony had a chance to reply , [FILTERED] cracked his long whip over his thin oxen's backs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Basic pottery studio equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a graduate of UCLA and Perkins School of Theology , Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
the hostess in her took over . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he smiled shyly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The platform actually tilts off level so that the accelerometer output , when amplified by Af , will supply the correct current to the gyro torquer to cancel the gyro drift . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the circulating thyroid hormones are the amino acids thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine ( cf. Section C ) , it is clear that some mechanism must exist in the thyroid gland for their release from proteins before secretion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sentence : 360 days' confinement in the county jail . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this point [FILTERED] , long an advocate of patent peace in the industry , became chairman of the patents committee of the National Automobile Chamber of Commerce , successor to the Automobile Board of Trade . (Filtered Words: 1)
Oh , the time of death . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish I was younger and less timid . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were greatly helped by there being no traces of former restoring . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the eastern section of the state the newspapers' reaction to [FILTERED]'s trial and sentence were basically identical . (Filtered Words: 1)
A modulation frequency of 40 cps with an amplitude as small as possible , commensurate with reasonably good signal-to-noise quality , was used . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simply out of bloodlust , their murderers dismembered the bodies and tossed the remains into the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still another segment of the student population consists of those who seek , in what they regard as religion , intellectual clarity , rational belief , and ethical guidance and reinforcement . (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance , a site adjoining other publicly owned lands , such as a national forest or a public road , may be desirable , whereas a site next to an industrial plant might not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such activity may or may not have irritated the Kremlin , but it has frequently condemned America to an unnatural defensiveness that has undermined our effort to give leadership to the free world . (Filtered Words: 0)
If , as [FILTERED] says , `` nearly all his poetry was produced when he was not taking opium '' , there may be some reason to doubt that he was under its influence in the period from 1896 to 1900 when he was writing the poems to [FILTERED] and making plans for another book of verse . (Filtered Words: 2)
The polyester urethane foam is generally produced with adipic acid polyesters ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They like to be dominated . (Filtered Words: 0)
One family bound wounds with bacon or salt pork strips , or , if these were not handy , plain lard . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Liberal-Radical heritage which informs all of [FILTERED]'s interpretations of history here seems clearly to have distorted the issues and oversimplified the period . (Filtered Words: 1)
When they reached Augusta last week , together they had won five of the 13 tournaments to date . (Filtered Words: 0)
So we must first analyze our present institutions with respect to the effect of each on man's major needs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The plank floor was slimed beneath [FILTERED]'s boots . (Filtered Words: 1)
West Germany will face the crucial tests that lie ahead , on Berlin and unification , with a coalition government . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is probably some significance in the fact that two of the best incest stories I have encountered in recent years are burlesques of the incest myth . (Filtered Words: 0)
A woman who undergoes artificial insemination against the wishes of her husband is the unlikely heroine of `` A Question Of Adultery '' , yesterday's new British import at the Apollo . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is one of the most charming little squares in this part of Rome . (Filtered Words: 0)
Listening for hours to his laments that the war and `` Mist Fair's '' poverty afterwards had robbed the mare of many a racing triumph , and to his predictions of greatness for the procession of foals to come , Jenny could look forward to years of conflict with an animal who disliked her intensely and showed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then spread a generous amount of glue on the four pieces and bend them into place on the jig . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
A program of Lay Visitation Evangelism can end in dismal defeat with half the new members drifting away unless practical plans and strenuous efforts are made to keep them in the active fellowship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although we continue to pay our conversational devotions to `` free private enterprise '' , `` individual initiative '' , `` the democratic way '' , `` government of the people '' , `` competition of the marketplace '' , etc. , we live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas , bureaucracy is corroding representative government , technology is weakening the citizen's confidence in his own power to make decisions , and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the ground '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And we can add that [FILTERED]'s interpretation of purgation is also one answer to [FILTERED]'s fear that poetry will encourage our passions . (Filtered Words: 2)
Curt twisted to one side , and the tines of the fork bit into the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I usually stick to the old phrase : ' Ich habe ein Amt , aber keine [FILTERED] ( I hold an office , but I do not feel entitled to have an opinion ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
He gives us an account of this in his lively and humorous poem , `` The Happy Artists '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The universe is a safe and permanent home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some clarets do not come into their own until they are ten or fifteen years of age , or even more . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were no tracks of either hoofs or boots . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw later that they had made their marriage too quickly . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was an idea . (Filtered Words: 0)
that made it doubtful as the hiding place of a man whose plans had to be made in advance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Incidentally , only two did it before a home audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
But didn't they get off too easy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
like his sweet , attractive Romanza , it belongs to what the composer called his `` Non-Dissonant ( Mostly ) '' category of works . (Filtered Words: 0)
He and [FILTERED] had traveled together for four days . (Filtered Words: 1)
One of the pictures was of a man with hat drawn over his face ceremoniously lighting a cigarette ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , everyone but Keith and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
and that they can ignore what is happening in Northern cities because what is happening in Little Rock or Birmingham is worse . (Filtered Words: 0)
To Spahn will go the Sid Mercer Memorial Award as the chapter's player of the year . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was a tough world , and you had to be tough to hold your own . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But she shouldn't have come here in the first place '' , the women had said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The joint investigations of linguistics and psychiatry have established , in point of fact , that no matter what the subject of conversation is or what words are involved , it is impossible for people to talk at all without telling over and over again what sort of people they are and how they relate to the rest of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapel services are held weekly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of what is said about his great men of history has already been said , and what has not is largely irrelevant to the contemporary scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
A water-soluble protein of quite low molecular weight ( ca. 10,000 ) has also been found in this system and partly characterized . (Filtered Words: 0)
The beer foamed furiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Try as I might to confess my sins and accept salvation , no answer came to me from heaven . (Filtered Words: 0)
News of the legislative veto appeared in the New Orleans papers , and [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] became incensed by the fact that they had not been told of the attempt in advance . (Filtered Words: 2)
Nevertheless , the consequence of the policy proposed is everywhere subtly qualified : it is `` a possible result , however improbable '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
end ( Fresnel reflection ) losses ( R ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] puts it this way in `` Brother To Dragons '' : `` The recognition of complicity is the beginning of innocence '' , where innocence , I think , means about the same thing as redemption . (Filtered Words: 1)
( See page 100 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both plans also prohibited common directors , officers , or employees between Du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware , on the one hand , and General Motors on the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
One year I simply set the plants in the remains of a compost pile , to which a little sand had been added , and I had the most beautiful pansies in my , or any of my neighbors' experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
he was to try to make no converts ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , let's go '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That world was in scale with my own smallness . (Filtered Words: 0)
At some cities , this pick-up and delivery service is without additional charge , and , if you are budget-wise , when you are planning your itinerary , you will take advantage of these free delivery and collection stations in major cities within the larger European countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather , they are impressed with the British Government's success in forcing -- and helping -- the British textile industry to shrink and to change over to other products . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adios '' , I said , exhausting my Spanish vocabulary on my host and exchanging one of a scarcely-tapped store of smiles with my host's daughters . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the less developed countries are to be persuaded to adopt a long-term approach , the United States , as the principal supplier of external aid , must be prepared to give long-term commitments . (Filtered Words: 0)
The brother and sister seemed to be a sort of mutual-aid society , a little fortress of kindness for each other in a hard world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dolores stood motionless in the doorway . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other methods will be described below . (Filtered Words: 0)
As an aid in the prevention of bacterial diarrhea ( scours ) , feed 50 grams per ton . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now there was raucous male singing from the Fleet Bar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or am I taking something that could really apply to almost anybody , and forgetting that many other people probably have had a similar experience '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
