The work had its beginning in 1938 with an eight-bar musical strain to which Koehler set the words `` There'll be no more work ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet this utterly individual historical person must also contain within himself the common history of mankind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] Sulcer of Winnetka , a new board member , will be chairman of publicity for the benefit . (Filtered Words: 1)
The new year might see some house-cleaning , either genuine or token , depending upon developments , to give [FILTERED] an opportunity to combat some of these criticisms . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] put down a dish of lukewarm rice . (Filtered Words: 1)
I had always resisted the passes made at me by other kids , and many times I had thought about my love for [FILTERED] who , being thirty , brought a maturity to love that the kids around town could know nothing about . (Filtered Words: 1)
Can your insurance company aid you in reducing administrative costs ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This happy , always smiling lad with the sunny disposition is our new Junior Mr. [FILTERED] [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The Hotel Westmore proved to be one of the older hotels in Pearson City , and definitely second-rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why she doesn't charge him , I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pip's great expectations , his progress through illusion and disillusionment , turn , somewhat as they do for the naive hero of Dreiser's American Tragedy , upon the lure of genteel prosperity through unearned income -- what [FILTERED] calls `` portable property '' and what Jaggers reproaches Pip for letting `` slip through ( his ) fingers '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He's quite a rat , you know . (Filtered Words: 0)
While many companies have done fine work in developing sales personnel , much of it has been product rather than sales training . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was getting the feel of the room for a concert tomorrow night for Puerto Rico Governor [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
Charts for this purpose are available from many sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cliche loses its talismanic virtue in the light of a little history . (Filtered Words: 0)
Between the abutments on the Newbury shore and the south bank of Deer Island there was one span or arch measuring 160 feet ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The man said , backing up a step , still looking down . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Justice's elaborate examination of the legislative history of the provision in question suggests that Congress' purpose was merely to make unions suable . (Filtered Words: 0)
when the insoluble fraction was suspended in a volume of saline equal to that of the original serum sample , no complete antibody activity could be detected . (Filtered Words: 0)
Final adjuncts may or may not have dominant stress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Expecting something more-than-average wacky , I was surprised by what we found . (Filtered Words: 0)
In another respect it is dissimilar , for non-violent resistance demoralizes the opponent only to re-establish in him a new morale that is firmer because it is based on sounder values '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
God help you if she knows where she's been '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I like to dance '' , she said , then turned and walked away . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to expenditures on the Warwick plant , we have invested approximately $1,961,000 for machinery and equipment at [FILTERED] , and for new machinery , plant and equipment at Leesona-Holt , Limited . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` race '' music , folk songs and melodies , and gospel programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gross stopped briefly , then went on . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was then I knew that they were making war against Man , the individual within ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But who will act now and immediately to save the life of [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Miss [FILTERED] , Sophia's half-sister , became ill in March , 1910 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
it involves a reduction in the number of epicycles from eighty-three to seventeen '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the client receives enough ego support to engage in constructive efforts on his own behalf . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each specimen is approximately 16 inches square . (Filtered Words: 0)
Secondly , to find a learned diversion and a pleasing joke in More's account of the stupid brutalities of early sixteenth century wars , of the anguish of the poor and dispossessed , of the insolence and cruelty of the rich and powerful requires a callousness toward suffering and sin that would be surprising in a moral imbecile and most surprising in More himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Man , you rang -- it was in color , too , Miss , and Miss ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I looked closely at his eyes , and he was already innocent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He imagined [FILTERED]'s voice : `` George , what the hell goes on '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Necessity for an over-all concept (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , in fact , a relatively mild chastisement of the dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- I just want to let you know how much I enjoyed your June 25 article on Liberace , and to thank you for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
This he placed within quick reach . (Filtered Words: 0)
His dogs ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] slurped his way to the bottom of the soup bowl . (Filtered Words: 1)
Plank the sides first , using glue and one-inch , No. 12 Stronghold nails at all battens , the stem and the transom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our instructions assume you are building this particular frame , which is for a junction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The argon flow through the porous anode was varied systematically between Af and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Equal treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meantime , over the decade of the sixties , we can hope that many other countries will ready themselves for the big push into self-sustaining growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The initial interview must be therapeutic rather than purely exploratory in an information-seeking sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'd peddled the soap virtually alone , and without much success , until about a year ago , when -- with the addition of `` SX-21 '' to their secret formula and the inauguration of a high-powered advertising campaign -- sales had soared practically into orbit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both are 6 feet tall and weigh between 195 and 200 pounds , but [FILTERED] , incredibly muscular ( he has a 17-1/2-inch neck ) , looks bigger . (Filtered Words: 1)
he had no use any longer for exact time , even had the watch been running . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where have you been all these years '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In Laos , the administration looked at the [FILTERED] administration efforts to show determination by sailing a naval fleet into Southeast Asian waters as a useless gesture . (Filtered Words: 1)
He peered ahead and grinned as the railroad tracks came into view again below . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyway , Julia asks me to . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cores of deep-sea sediments and content of collectors in remote regions are valuable in this category . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The president of the Kansas City local of the International Association of Fire Fighters was severly injured today when a bomb tore his car apart as he left home for work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern embroidered panels , framed and meant to be hung on the wall , are another aspect of this trend . (Filtered Words: 0)
The air hose was free ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But it had , as was usual in southern cities of this sort , [FILTERED] , a low region near the river where the Negroes lived -- servants and laborers huddled together in a region with no sewage save the river , where streets and sidewalks were neglected and where there was much poverty and crime . (Filtered Words: 1)
Attacks officer (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had no romance . (Filtered Words: 2)
So sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're not to mention my name . (Filtered Words: 0)
353 U. S. , at 606 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Evaluation (Filtered Words: 0)
revulsion in the desert (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am what I am . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is more ambitious than Ptolemy is ever required to be when he faces his isolated problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then she went to Deauville where she met a member of a powerful Greek syndicate of gamblers '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elegance and color (Filtered Words: 0)
Late that afternoon , it seemed , he had fallen off the roof while on some obscure errand or inspection . (Filtered Words: 0)
this was the form in which their private feud most often appeared in the Tory press , especially the Examiner . (Filtered Words: 0)
under me the ground quivered slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But do you know something curious '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the story of [FILTERED] and the Corn Law agitation , the Crimean War , the American Civil War , and the franchise struggle Trevelyan reflects something of the moral power which enabled this independent man to exercise so immense an influence over his fellow countrymen for so long . (Filtered Words: 1)
Repayment (Filtered Words: 0)
ground meats are usually prepared from scrap meats at the local level , whereas irradiation at economic volumes of production would require central processing and distribution facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She flew beautifully '' , said Fiedler . (Filtered Words: 0)
and regulatory policies aimed to attract the financial and managerial resources of foreign investment and to prevent excessive luxury consumption by a few . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no lock on the door , only an iron hook which he unfastened . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a joint interview Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] were helped to understand the meaning of a younger son's wandering away from home in terms of his feelings of displacement in reaction to the arrival of the twins . (Filtered Words: 1)
The explanation offered for her conduct is a misguided attempt to save her marriage to a neurotic husband left sterile as a result of an automobile accident . (Filtered Words: 0)
She started back for the house , saw a light in the office , opened the door and surprised a domestic little scene which was far outside the dark realm of murder or attempted murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
a holier-than-thou sermon was not . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are segregated businesses , combining again on one site the factory and the office , drawing their work force from segregated communities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Great thought has been given to making life easier for the growing boating population of the country ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Another wart removal method was to rub each wart with a bean split open and then to bury the bean halves under the drip of the house for seven days . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is impressive consistency between specific occupational preferences and the student's basic conception of what is for him a good way of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The circle came nearer and nearer . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the bluff failed and they ran into trouble , [FILTERED] had told the others , they would withdraw -- and he would come after his son another time . (Filtered Words: 1)
Out of it each week go hundreds of thousands of words purporting to inform home ministries about what is really happening inside Washington . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] -- [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
He saw the sign above the door of the hut : home sweet home . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it is precisely in this poorer economic class that one finds , and has always found , the most racial friction . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has been alternately described as `` a symbol of the new grandeur of France and myself '' ( De Gaulle ) and `` a decadent , disgusting slob '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
The Planning Dept. comes into existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasional letters are sent by individuals to one another and many are written by companies to one another , but these are mostly typewritten . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sure , they're giving up hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
She rubbed her eyes and stretched , then sat up , her hands going to her hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Subsidies from CTA (Filtered Words: 0)
Miami Beach and surroundings feature fabulous `` hotel row '' , palm-studded beaches plus the Miami Seaquarium and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not a year goes by but what several local companies in the U.S. and Canada , even overseas , write to Fueloil & Oil Heat to inquire if it's feasible and where it is being done . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gosh ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In determining the extent to which any poem is formulaic it is idle , however , to inspect nothing besides lines repeated in their entirety , for a stock of line-fragments would be sufficient to permit the poet to extemporize with deftness if they provided for prosodic needs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes a desired acreage is offered only as part of a larger tract . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` OK , [FILTERED] , I'm quitting '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Jess stared at him without answering and let his hands fall to his sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
From this , motor pool personnel develop other meaningful and related data . (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern physics has developed the theory that all matter consists of minute waves of energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Till one day the last freight had been jumped , the last pint had been killed , the last beat had been rapped . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made many tasteless , irreverent and unfunny remarks , not only about me in the title role , but about religion in general . (Filtered Words: 0)
As such , one cannot fully understand the thought of the pre-Han and Han periods without knowing the meanings inherent in [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Next , let us consider briefly the program and administrative implications of a failure on our part to pursue our appeals . (Filtered Words: 0)
He nodded , clasping and unclasping his hands over his paunch , and flicked glances at me . (Filtered Words: 0)
If communications work , his decision would be instantly known in all command posts that would originate the actual go order . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is true that New England , more than any other section , was dedicated to education from the start . (Filtered Words: 0)
how and where to apply for financial assistance ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] frowned slightly , then became sad and moody . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Big Hans made me come . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , in the next visit that the researcher made to the medium , he did not receive a personal reading . (Filtered Words: 0)
So far these remarks , like most criticisms of Hardy , have tacitly assumed that his poetry is all of a piece , one solid mass of verse expressing a sensibility at a single stage of development . (Filtered Words: 0)
Editor's note : Sir [FILTERED] wrote , on page 50 of SR Research for 4 March 1961 : : (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Don't '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sense of relationship overreaches the historical truth that [FILTERED] may have known next to nothing of the actual works of Aeschylus , Sophocles , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The annual spring meeting has given an impetus in three main directions : more , deeper , and more timely political consultation within the alliance , the use of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( when ratified ) as a method of coordinating aid to the underdeveloped countries , and the need for strengthening conventional forces as well as the maintenance of the nuclear deterrent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its the start of a direct threat to our own security and I don't believe we can permit that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , `` Reuveni wanted your mother to give up her deep interest in this refugee . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gives you a wide and varied choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirdly , the South is not merely an embarrassingly backward region , but a part of this country , and what happens there concerns every one of us . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sunday New Orleans brunches continue at the Trade Winds but the daily French buffets have been called off . (Filtered Words: 0)
After that Salem ships decided to bypass unfriendly Burma . (Filtered Words: 0)
One type has a small univalent anion of the thiocyanate-perchlorate-fluoro type . (Filtered Words: 0)
If I'd stayed , all that I'd have got was four punctured tires and one busted head . (Filtered Words: 0)
They even accept the `` double standard '' of sex morality in a double sense , i.e. , both sexes agree that standards for men differ from standards for women , and women apply to both sexes a standard different from that held by men . (Filtered Words: 0)
They hire a good deal of local labor , including two members of our Trustee Board . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s somewhat like [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was listening to other voices , out of the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , in turn , brought a new fashion in senatorial criticism as the Democrats took control . (Filtered Words: 0)
Physically , a movie is possible because a series of images is projected one at a time at such a speed that the eye `` remembers '' the one that has gone before even as it registers the one now appearing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Floating ice bore down from the north and west . (Filtered Words: 0)
World production of copra , the oil-bearing flesh of the coconut , was a little more than 3 million tons in 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chief Moore shook his big head , seemed lost in thought as he stared at the nude body . (Filtered Words: 0)
These and other figures and comments have been reported in a special supplement of Sponsor magazine , a trade publication for radio and TV advertisers . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was also a boomerang , elaborately carved . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` To Be Left Behind '' was printed at the top in Miss [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Finally , there was a wide area of agreement on the value of the President's making a final effort in the summit spotlight for a nuclear test accord . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of his earlier work was conceived in terms of a `` pseudo-anthropological '' myth reference , which is concerned with imaginary places and beings described in grandiloquent and travelogue-like language . (Filtered Words: 0)
We came on as soon as we could '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The terrible blow of the New Year put an end to that project . (Filtered Words: 0)
They feel that the United States is engaged in a life-and-death struggle with communism for survival and world supremacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It is a duty '' , said Hough , `` not to let pass this opportunity of protesting against the methods of taking and printing testimony in Equity , current in this circuit ( and probably others ) , excused if not justified by the rules of the Supreme Court , especially to be found in patent causes , and flagrantly exemplified in this litigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
All political interests supported electoral planning , although there are some signs that the inherent uncertainties of a popular judgment led to some procrastination . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one way the Institutes and Societies do a disservice to the schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This deal at Las Putas Buenas where the two knife-men jumped you '' , said Rourke with interest , `` that sounds like it was set up with malice aforethought by the luscious Mrs. [FILTERED] , doesn't it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
1 large onion , chopped fine 2 tablespoons salad oil 1 8-oz. can crushed pineapple and 1/2 cup of the juice 1/4 cup brown sugar 2 tablespoons vinegar 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce pineapple chunks (Filtered Words: 0)
We're going to get married . (Filtered Words: 0)
Approximately four years ago , we initiated a dual ladder of advancement for technical persons . (Filtered Words: 0)
People never live forever . (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually premium reductions can be obtained by applying deductibles to your liability plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
After 108 games in 1961 , [FILTERED] has 43 , [FILTERED] 41 . (Filtered Words: 2)
The plaintiff in school desegregation cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
Varlaam is loud , rowdy , uninhibited in his pleasures and impatient with anyone who is not the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
It got the kind of scrambled , coarsened performance that can happen to best of orchestras when the man with the baton lacks technique and style . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alec waited a moment , on guard . (Filtered Words: 0)
All this went through [FILTERED]'s mind in the first instant , but what held his interest was the fact that these two should be together at all . (Filtered Words: 1)
The overall effect was probably to stimulate more party activity in the communal elections than might have otherwise taken place . (Filtered Words: 0)
These specialists perform valuable services by helping teachers learn to identify children who need special attention , by suggesting ways of meeting the needs of individual children in the regular classroom , and by providing clinical services for severely maladjusted children . (Filtered Words: 0)
It also overlooks the fact that in a rational lexicon , and quite clearly in More's lexicon , the opposite of serious is not gay but frivolous , and the opposite of gay is not serious but solemn . (Filtered Words: 0)
No soap or other cleaning agent was used that might bring in unwanted chemical reactions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The depersonalization continued as the dancer was further metamorphosed by the play of lights upon his figure . (Filtered Words: 0)
You Secesh ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Food for frustration . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Perfect set-up '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a hard eye , she informed Moll : `` Don't sure 'nuff me , officer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radio observations of Venus and Jupiter have already supplied unexpected experimental data on the physical conditions of these planets . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're so preoccupied that you've let your faith grow dim . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may stay as long as you wish , of course , but if arranging for the care of the girls must take time into account , I think a day or two should be enough to finish our business in '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The blunter the knife , the higher is the value of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Discovery that the gloves frequently left with the customers made the wise peddler of spiced sausage-meat come upon a compromise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just missed the first '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Data on the decline of property values in an area after a new racial group enters it has to be assessed in terms of the trends in property values before the group comes in . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know I don't want to see Pedersen . (Filtered Words: 0)
and that action always caused her to lift her lip from the sting of the thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still another denomination had 7,360,187 members twenty years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the meeting , attended by [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and the A-Z executive staff , with Mr. [FILTERED] presiding , [FILTERED] and Hamrick did indeed run the gantlet . (Filtered Words: 5)
[FILTERED] was filled with black Nazi uniforms and the dirty brownish ones of their Auxiliaries . (Filtered Words: 1)
And the drawling , oversoft voice of flirtation , though fairly overt , was still well within the prescribed gambit of their culture . (Filtered Words: 0)
The shift in sentiment from excessive optimism early in the year to the present mood of caution has probably been a good thing , in that it has prevented the accumulation of the burdensome inventories that have characterized many previous swings in the business cycle . (Filtered Words: 0)
The action of the Commission in allowing or denying any claim under this title shall be final and conclusive on all questions of law and fact and not subject to review by the Secretary of State or any other official , department , agency , or establishment of the United States or by any court by mandamus or otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
National Maritime Day proclamation by [FILTERED] , Jr. , Governor (Filtered Words: 1)
Not that it was any of her business . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the very day that the parliamentary session began , another `` Infamous Libel '' appeared , entitled A Letter From The Facetious Dr. [FILTERED] , At Bath , To The Venerable Nestor Ironside . (Filtered Words: 1)
For internal political reasons , the union asks for ( and accepts ) increases in the basic wage rate , and would vigorously oppose a reduction in this rate , but the adjustment of the basic wage rate upwards is essentially up to the discretion of the companies of the industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had to go into the water . (Filtered Words: 0)
The German courteously indicated that [FILTERED] should mount first . (Filtered Words: 1)
About the only time the [FILTERED] seemed excited was when one of his own pet ideas was born . (Filtered Words: 1)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
And look what he done give us '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What that spirit and attitude were we can best understand if we see more precisely how it contrasts with the communist tradition with the longest continuous history , the one which reached Christianity by the way of Stoicism through the Church Fathers of Late Antiquity . (Filtered Words: 0)
This trend has often been ascribed to the cult of the Five Elements itself , as though they had served as the base for all the rest ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Crunch , that's all she wrote '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sweat popped out over him and he felt the slick between his palm and the stick grip . (Filtered Words: 0)
The major question in this chapter is : What is the probability of exactly X successes in N trials ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She gave me the names of some people who would surely help pay for the flowers and might even march up to the monument with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Down the tree he scrambled and knelt at the edge of foliage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gov. [FILTERED]'s New Commerce and Industry Commission is moving to create a nine-state regional group in a collective effort to attract new industry . (Filtered Words: 1)
In his recent book , Hurray For Anything ( 1957 ) , one of the most important short poems -- and it is the title poem for one of the long jazz arrangements -- is written for recital with jazz . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is perhaps no value statement on which people would more universally agree than the statement that intense pain is bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
A voice on the loudspeaker system announced that if the rain let up the performance would resume in ten minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rusk idea strengthens United States defense (Filtered Words: 0)
Attempts at censorship always involve and reveal such complex and multiple individual reactions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The would-be sophisticate and the citybred youth adopt this air without embarrassment . (Filtered Words: 0)
As personnel clerk , she handled thousands of entries , ranging from appointments to jobs , to transfers to other employments , to pensions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine the ratio of 40% to the average per capita income of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , of course , he remembered now . (Filtered Words: 0)
The specification of the operating variables and the transformation they effect ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Wisconsin plant turned out to be a white elephant . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
For he has the pride that comes of self-acceptance and the humility , perhaps of the same genesis , not to impose himself upon another . (Filtered Words: 0)
Problems of taxing personal property . (Filtered Words: 0)
Telegraphers at the Depot at this time were [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] of `` Burr and Manley '' , dealers in lumber and dry goods . (Filtered Words: 2)
It is , in fact , a relatively mild chastisement of the dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her woolly-minded parent agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In summary , Brooks Adams felt that the nature of history was order and that the order so discovered was as much subject to historical laws as the forces of nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
At their meeting he told her not to bother about `` where '' -- he would attend to that . (Filtered Words: 0)
If no specific organization plan exists limiting the number of scientists at each salary level , the result is a department top-heavy with high-level , high-salaried personnel '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Costaggini had used up all the sketches thirty-six feet of empty frieze were left over . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` we the People of the United States , in order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice , insure domestic Tranquility , provide for the common Defence , promote the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity , do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That mistake , she thought , had cost her dearly these past few days , and she wanted to avoid falling into any more of the traps that the mountain might set for her . (Filtered Words: 0)
For ten years a small group of European and U.S. critics has been calling attention to the half-forgotten Austrian expressionist [FILTERED] , who died 42 years ago at the age of 28 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Having ( through my unflagging effort and devotion ) achieved stardom , a fortune and a world-renowned wife at an age when most young men are casting their first vote , [FILTERED] proceeded to neglect them all . (Filtered Words: 1)
The information , he said , would have been of the highest value to a potential enemy . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had been right snippy ever since they were married , though you'd have thought a namesake would have brought her round . (Filtered Words: 1)
Maggie laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do your employees understand all the benefits to which your insurance entitles them ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It might be well to consider the literary evidence first because it can provide us with an answer to one important question ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Although Mr. [FILTERED] was not himself its inventor ( it was a French idea ) , it is typical that his intuition first conceived the importance of mass producing this basic tool for general use . (Filtered Words: 1)
( See fig. 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may seem strange that a poet should come to full fruition in his seventies , but we have it on Hardy's own authority that `` he was a child till he was sixteen , a youth till he was five-and-twenty , and a young man till he was nearly fifty '' ( Early Life , p. 42 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
And most of the gain will be in self-unloading vehicles '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Her choice of one color means she is simply enjoying the motor act of coloring , without having reached the point of selecting suitable colors for different objects . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm a slob '' , he announced . (Filtered Words: 0)
This vacation had seemed like a good idea last week , when his doctor had prescribed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He moaned and pulled the hand away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you approve '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Lighting . (Filtered Words: 0)
the three-front war (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She made General [FILTERED]'s horse's belly do so funny when it was upside down . (Filtered Words: 1)
Many of you are familiar , I'm sure , with the story of my early struggles : the fire in January , 1947 , that destroyed everything -- even our precious list of subscribers . (Filtered Words: 0)
A catalogue is available on request . (Filtered Words: 0)
We like [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
It is not essentially different from a memorandum of an attorney in the Department of Justice , of which the Attorney General receives many , and to which he may give his approval or rejection . (Filtered Words: 0)
From there he chipped back and sank his putt for a par 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experiment where p is not constant . (Filtered Words: 0)
My great-grandmother , I have been told , made her garden her great pride ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Trim excess clay away from outer edges . (Filtered Words: 0)
The higher heat transfer rates at the anode compared with those at the cathode can be explained by the physical phenomena occurring in free burning arcs . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took a deep breath , and the plunge . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Duties of Church Membership ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In orchestration , he stretches the limits of instrumentation with good judgment and a fine imagination for color . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too bad the marine had no water . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right , step back '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It contracts with outside repair garages for much of the latter work . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could never forget the gaiety with which , when he was both blind and deaf , he let me lead him around his rooms to look at some of the pictures ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In other words the burden of pleading clearly rested upon the pleader by state law . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should the accelerating growth of technology then warn us ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Only those story tellers will remain who can `` imitate the style of the virtuous '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The ground was covered with soft pine needles and the slope was gentle . (Filtered Words: 0)
the three others had to be spread somewhat , and are headed respectively Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , [FILTERED] , subsequently convicted of perjury in denying that he gave secret State Department documents to Soviet agents , was at Yalta . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is but so-so '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even from where he stood he could see the neatly folded blanket that he had spread over [FILTERED] , the pillow , the sheet of paper on top of it . (Filtered Words: 1)
The description of the car was immediately broadcast throughout Southern Maryland on police radio . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It sort of brings a lump to my throat '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The present proceeding is concerned with the standard broadcast ( AM ) band , from 540 kc. to 1600 kc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this respect , his approach to poetry-and-jazz is in marked contrast to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But he had been busy building a business , being a big man in his own town just as he had been a big man at Hanford , Class of 1935 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] wished the Air Corps had continued to camouflage planes . (Filtered Words: 1)
But then , redheads are often pale . (Filtered Words: 0)
the moral powers no more than the physical and mental , can bear overstraining . (Filtered Words: 0)
In each city quick public reaction and fast action by the city government halted the threats of more serious incidents . (Filtered Words: 0)
If D denotes the differentiation operator and P is the polynomial Af then V is the null space of the operator p ( , ) , because Af simply says Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are like the initial ways in which the world forces itself upon the self and thrusts the self into decision and choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
The form itself is stored in the next available cells of the W-region , beginning in cell Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had caught up with the outfit shortly after the [FILTERED] joined it , which had been at midday . (Filtered Words: 2)
The M.E.'s boys had finished their on-the-spot examination and the body had been removed for autopsy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It didn't ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The remaining names were then checked against the Thomas Register list ( see below ) and duplicate names were removed from the AIA lists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radio reception . (Filtered Words: 0)
In another sense , it is represented in the arguments of the `` true believers '' who seek to disprove the validity of all other beliefs and ideas in order to retain confidence in theirs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Court held that federal jurisdiction should not be exercised lest the domestic policy of the state be obstructed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the 2 , the San Kiang ( three rivers ) in the ( then ) Southwest ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For the figure of [FILTERED] has obviously drawn on his studies of T. E. [FILTERED] ( though [FILTERED] fights on the side of the Turks instead of against them ) , and like both [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] himself he is a fervent admirer of Nietzsche . (Filtered Words: 4)
In September 1817 at Fort Daer ( Pembina ) Dickson met the noble lord whom , with the help of a band of Sioux , he escorted to Prairie [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't be smart . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I wish you good luck , but please don't dig up too tough a case for me this close to election . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Corn Palace at [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]. , `` the world's corniest building '' , has a carnival through Sept. 23 headlining the Three Stooges and Pee Wee Hunt . (Filtered Words: 2)
Chicago , Aug. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
If he bites a playmate she says , `` [FILTERED] won't like you '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Denver , Colo. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The great detective modestly agrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leona '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I was aware of a humid look in her eyes that told me the time was opportune . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another element to concern the choreographer is that of the visual devices of the theatre . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 Af but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the **yl point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anything at all strange ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't care . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had formed his own task force of three stragglers and led them up the hill in a Fighting Seventh charge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wolfe refuses to ever leave his own house , and spends most of his time drinking beer and playing with orchids . (Filtered Words: 0)
the rather pleasant white city was on the hill where the chief stores were . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hospital has used the money to assist in alterations on the fifth floor of the Jane Brown Hospital , part of Rhode Island Hospital . (Filtered Words: 0)
He pulled it open . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let the orthodontist decide the proper time to start treatment '' , he urges . (Filtered Words: 0)
The value of Af estimated at 470 gauss was Af microseconds . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought she was going to die . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some Manhattan examples : (Filtered Words: 0)
The agreement gives us rights for manufacturing and marketing of such materials in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same old question . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pass In Review practically guarantees enjoyment , and is a dramatic demonstration of the potentialities of any stereo music system . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was dead before he hit the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had forgotten that she was so pretty . (Filtered Words: 0)
And with Progressivism the Religion of Humanity was replacing what [FILTERED] called Christian supernaturalism . (Filtered Words: 1)
These cut-down plants will bud and blossom in record time and will behave just as they did in early spring . (Filtered Words: 0)
Secretary of Defense [FILTERED] , former President of the Ford Motor Company , comes from a generation different from that of [FILTERED]'s own first Secretary of Defense , [FILTERED] , who had been head of General Motors . (Filtered Words: 3)
During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , the Medical Museum was required to move to [FILTERED] '' on the Mall from Chase Hall . (Filtered Words: 1)
Naturally , he couldn't let his shipmates know this . (Filtered Words: 0)
but jumping right up , he staggered in no particular direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both lived in Georgetown , were unattached , and shared an active social life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ball went off in a majestic arc , an out-of-bounds slice . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mushrooming of FM outlets , offering concerts ( both jazz and classical ) , lectures , and other special events , is a phenomenon which has had a fair amount of publicity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The joints are also reinforced on each side with small blocks set in resin-saturated [FILTERED] cloth and nailed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Other innovations with better claims to musical interest survived rehearing to acquire in time the status of classics . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any event , the extraordinary result of this injury was that he became `` psychically blind '' , while at the same time , apparently , the sense of touch remained essentially intact . (Filtered Words: 0)
Practical leveling considerations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , Katharine's awfully nice , and pretty too , I like Katharine -- Let's ask Katharine to go with us , she's always lots of fun -- Katharine -- (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to his experiments in reading poetry to jazz , Patchen is beginning to use the figure of the modern jazz musician as a myth hero in the same way he used the figure of the private detective a decade ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were two methods that could have been used for conducting the study within the resources available : ( 1 ) interviews in depth with a few selected companies , and ( 2 ) the more limited interrogation of a large number of companies by means of a mail questionnaire . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a blood-chilling ring of terror to the very sound of his name was the tool he needed for the job he'd promised to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one would question such an errand . (Filtered Words: 0)
This condition will undoubtedly continue until such time as a state uniform system of evaluation is established , or through mutual agreement of the local assessing officials for a method of standard assessment practice to be adopted . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's got to thaw slow . (Filtered Words: 0)
He always kept a few on his personal staff . (Filtered Words: 0)
This co-operation in this matter will provide both for the necessary sharing of this burden and in bringing about still further increases in mutually profitable trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have been trying to make this clear to my own class in chemistry . (Filtered Words: 0)
If she , [FILTERED] , were being held responsible for his crimes , then hers must be the final act of expiation . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It is a British [FILTERED] , the smallest they make '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A high-protein diet , calcium lactate supplements , and norethandrolone failed to change the skeletal complaint or the severe muscle weakness . (Filtered Words: 0)
The day is now appropriately set aside to honor the American men and women who have contributed to the success of our merchant marine fleet in peace and war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any fee so determined shall be entered as a part of such award , and payment thereof shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury by deducting the amount thereof from the total amount paid pursuant to the award . (Filtered Words: 0)
Judge [FILTERED]'s decision : `` The two plaintiffs are qualified for admission to said university and would already have been admitted had it not been for their race and color '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
What is simply an opinion formed in defiance of the laws of human probability , whether or not it is later confirmed , has become by September of the election year `` a firm conviction '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two letters had arrived for Miss Theresa Stubblefield : she put them in her bag . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sandwich panels for building utility shelters that consist of kraft paper skins and rigid styrene foam cores also aroused interest in the construction field . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had yet to meet [FILTERED] , for although they had `` collaborated '' on `` Satan's Li'l Lamb '' , [FILTERED] and Harburg had worked from a lead sheet the composer had furnished them . (Filtered Words: 2)
The fact of Indian ancestry and `` free '' status during the days of slavery , are important distinctions made by members of the group . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was also at this time , although not so interwoven in high politics and the rackets as [FILTERED] and Capone , the most powerful and most dangerous mob leader in the Chicago underworld , the roughneck king . (Filtered Words: 1)
His peculiar gift , as had been suggested before , is his intensity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American newspaperman worried about getting to the cable office . (Filtered Words: 0)
it must express the nation's own will and goal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The backbend is of extreme importance to any form of free gymnastics , and , as with all acrobatics , the sooner begun the better the results . (Filtered Words: 0)
Using a Batista man to screen refugees represented a total misunderstanding of the democratic forces which alone can effectively oppose [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
These are inexpensive and available from the U. S. Geological Society , Washington 25 , D. C. . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result is a color picture of the specimen where the primary colors correspond to the three different ultraviolet wavelengths . (Filtered Words: 0)
all were empty except one , and that one was jammed with letters and magazines . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Summary Report , which was prepared for this Conference , indicates , first , that actual or pending school desegregation is increasing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As the accelerometer output is decreasing , the torque applied to the gyro output axis decreases and , therefore , the rate decreases . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , in more diplomatic language , is what [FILTERED] told the newspaper men of Latin America yesterday on behalf of the United States Government . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her husband was lying on the kitchen floor , police said . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is an oral tradition among the members of the population in regard to the origin and subsequent separate status of the group in the larger society . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if she wasn't interested , she'd just go back to the same life she'd left . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no necessity , I suppose , to assert that Mr. [FILTERED] is Southern . (Filtered Words: 1)
Whatever pole of this contrast one emphasizes and whatever the tension between these two approaches to understanding the artistic imagination , it will be readily seen that they are not mutually exclusive , that they belong together . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is one problem with the bread . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wanted the State Democratic Executive Committee to pick the `` serious candidates '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
he usually draws some kind of comparison with the jazz tradition and the poem he is reading -- for instance , he draws the parallel between a poem he reads about an Oriental courtesan waiting for the man she loves , and who never comes , and the old blues chants of [FILTERED] and other Negro singers -- but usually the comparison is specious . (Filtered Words: 1)
Have you examined these trends , forecast the effects , and planned your marketing strategy to compete effectively under changing circumstances ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One man sprayed , with a sponge in hand to check excess wetting . (Filtered Words: 0)
He glanced up in time to see [FILTERED] hurtling down on him from above , literally flying through the air , his bloody face twisted . (Filtered Words: 1)
I've had enough of you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , I reloaded my gun , as the other men were doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Norton and I dined one night in a sea-food restaurant in Piraeus right on the water's edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was one sterile period : only one poem is dated between 1872 and 1882 and , except for the poems written on the trip to Italy in 1887 , very few from 1882 to 1890 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was sharpening his razor . (Filtered Words: 0)
This operation was started at 5:00 p.m. and lasted for 29 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
They may , of course , be curiosity seekers -- or they may just be interested in the phenomenon of mediumship . (Filtered Words: 0)
The chief experience is the sensing of communion , and in the higher religions , of a harmonious relationship with the supernatural power . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girls , after dressing , were indignant . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the end of the line '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , if [FILTERED] does nothing about fetching her , I'll pack her right back to her mother -- if I have to take her myself '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Daddy left the car for me , and I'm going to town this afternoon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s interests . (Filtered Words: 1)
He's got the tightest running gear in the train now . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the displacement of the cylinder can be converted to cubic centimeters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , true to her word , helped place [FILTERED] and her four children with a Quaker family named [FILTERED] near Canandaigua , New York . (Filtered Words: 3)
The bore is unrifled but is provided with an insert tube which is rifled and which , surprisingly , gives pretty fair accuracy even though it's only 3-1/2 inches long . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet after 1832 , the interrelations of economic and social and political affairs become blurred and the narrative becomes largely a conventional political account . (Filtered Words: 0)
One is so accustomed to think of men as the privileged who need but ask and receive , and women as submissive and yielding , that our sympathies are usually enlisted on the side of the man whose love is not returned , and we condemn the woman as a coquette . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through the gloom he could not see the man beside him clearly but he knew him thoroughly . (Filtered Words: 0)
A third situation is possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dice were cast . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Comment '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first subtype , the analyst ( following the practice of railroad analysis in this particular respect ) distributes both total operating costs and total annual capital costs ( including an allowance for `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' ) among the different classes and units of service . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negroes represent nothing to him personally , except , perhaps , the dangers of carnality . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't ask you who 'tis you're being unfaithful to , husband or lover . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , it may have certain very important , less obvious values . (Filtered Words: 0)
What words had any meaning ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Although a complete picture cannot be given , we can indicate some aspects of life into which the Christian faith entered as at least one creative factor . (Filtered Words: 0)
In recent years , however , a wind of change seems to be blowing through early English historical circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the process he writes at length about many related matters : the importance of race , religion , local tradition , bosses , organizations , zealous volunteers and television . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] practically shrieked . (Filtered Words: 1)
To have the Greek paper is not the great help that at first flush it seemed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had supported him all the way , both as a chief executive and as a man . (Filtered Words: 1)
As a result , the scope of this project has been sharply curtailed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought he saw a pale face at a window . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He is wrong to inject [FILTERED] into this campaign '' , he said , `` because the primary is being waged on state issues and I will not be forced into re-arguing an old national campaign '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] yelled . (Filtered Words: 1)
Several germanium resistors have been thermally cycled from 300 to 4.2 Af and their resistances have been found to be reproducible within 1/3 millidegree when temperatures were derived from a vapor pressure thermometer whose tubing is jacketed through most of the liquid helium . (Filtered Words: 0)
This understanding , of course , may in its turn take many forms and some of these -- especially those most interesting to the student of comparative literature -- are essentially historical . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately , `` Poised For Violence '' was not the happiest vehicle with which to make the point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Distances marked on the specimen in warp and filling directions ( or wales and courses for knitted fabrics ) are measured before and after laundering . (Filtered Words: 0)
Low temperature thermometry . (Filtered Words: 0)
The explosion of the rifle had crashed against the walls of the stockade and the deep echoes were still rolling in the hills . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is one of the Japanese women one reads about -- beautiful , artistically talented , an artful manager of her big household -- ( four boys and four girls ) , and yet looking like a pampered , gentle Japanese woman . (Filtered Words: 1)
The shapes were unmistakable and the Rising Suns were showing up , slightly brighter pinpoints in the gray gloom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her laugh was hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your feet are in bad shape , Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
( 3 ) How can we be sure that his sense of touch was not profoundly disturbed by his head injury ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Afterward , Tennessee's Democratic Senator [FILTERED] summed it up for newsmen . (Filtered Words: 1)
The cast : (Filtered Words: 0)
However , there are relatively few such political constituencies , and , as has been pointed out , there is seldom a clear-cut distinction between the educational interests of one social class and those of another . (Filtered Words: 0)
the complete , in the latter part . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does making your own clothes or even doll clothes , interest you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The water in Thor's big swimming pool had been covered with a blanket of thick , foamy soapsuds -- fashioned , of course , from zing -- [FILTERED] had dived from the board into the pool , then swirled and cavorted in her luxurious `` bath '' while cameras rolled . (Filtered Words: 1)
What for ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Chin up , Soapy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Defends big trucks (Filtered Words: 0)
At this point Mrs. [FILTERED] , one of [FILTERED]'s handsome daughters by his first wife , came from the house and tried to calm [FILTERED] as she tore down a no visitors sign and smashed the glass pane on another sign with a rock . (Filtered Words: 3)
The approval did not arise from an expectation of far-reaching agreements at Vienna . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where are they '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The damage to human germ plasm would be such that in the next few generations 160,000 children around the world would be born with gross physical or mental defects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proprietorships can establish a meaningful identity , representing a human personality , and thus establish sincere relationships with customers and community . (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind were privies , for there was no sewage system . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could operate under the clouds and perform infrared photography through clouds and at night . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was something troubling him though : as yet they hadn't Five days . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] Quartet ( Angel ) and [FILTERED] ( RCA Victor ) editions give us superlative string playing ( both in symphonic style ) crippled by unimaginative piano playing . (Filtered Words: 2)
No action has been taken , however , on such major problems as ending the fee system , penal reform , modification of the county unit system and in outright banning of fireworks sales . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , the issues (Filtered Words: 0)
The Rhode Island property tax (Filtered Words: 0)
It motivates his behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
The distinction between domiciled ( de jure ) and present ( de facto ) population was not clearly defined . (Filtered Words: 0)
he has endless being . (Filtered Words: 0)
the later works were conceived to affirm a way of life for fellow citizens . (Filtered Words: 0)
The royal ritual generated power into the other world : it also provided the living with a way to control the spirits , and bring their powers directly to bear on the everyday affairs of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wished to prepare myself but did not even know what sort of clothes I ought to be wearing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because [FILTERED]'s speeches were so much a part of him , there are long and numerous quotations , which , far from making the biography diffuse , help to give us the feel of the man . (Filtered Words: 1)
And with that he walked off to give instruction to a rookie pitcher . (Filtered Words: 0)
sometimes she opened her eyes and looked around , and sometimes she took a little milk or soup . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Canada doesn't have much of this here juvenile delinquency problem , but we keep a night policeman all the same on account of the crazy tourists '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wraith-like events of the last few days flooded David's mind and he rubbed his unshaved chin and felt again the ache in his kidneys caused by his saddle odyssey from Boston . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beneath his clutch , a flat strip of muscle surged on the bone . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've got a little stashed for a rainy day , and I guess this is rainy enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
But while the corporation has all the disadvantages of the socialist form of organization ( so cumbersome it cannot constructively do much of anything not compatible with its need to perpetuate itself and maintain its status quo ) , unluckily it does not have the desirable aspect of socialism , the motivation to operate for the benefit of society as a whole . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The `` leapfrog '' was a phenomenon of the railroad and the steam turbine , and the time when the belts of residence surrounding the old factory area were not yet blighted . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] recognized [FILTERED] and called out a greeting . (Filtered Words: 2)
The fact seems to be that very many large branch stores are uneconomical , that the choice of location in the suburbs is as important as it was downtown , and that even highly suburbanized cities will support only so many big branches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , the state's general treasurer , has been a part-time CD director in the city for the last nine years . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` California '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , this inaugural feast did its sponsors no good whatever . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ordinary methods of diplomacy within the free world are inadequate , said the former Prime Minister . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw it all at a glance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The businessman was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sweeping a look around , he saw that he was safe for the moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
I see no real prospects for an all-Negro school population . (Filtered Words: 0)
Slowly the procession of warriors and statesmen passes through the snow beside the black water and into the brilliantly lighted cathedral , the shrine of so many precious memories . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a moment he smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was as blissful and fulfilling a night as any bride ever experienced . (Filtered Words: 0)
The velocity of this (Filtered Words: 0)
hot-colored verbenas in the corner between the dining-room wall and the side porch , where we passed on our way to the pump with the half-gourd tied to it as a cup by my grandmother for our childish pleasure in drinking from it . (Filtered Words: 0)
They quote about the same mass threshold as that of the U.S. apparatus , but a momentum threshold about 40 times greater . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such projections , however , appear highly speculative and the capacities involved are far beyond those foreseen for food-preservation facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
The method used in computing the allotments is specifically set forth in the Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
They have little `` esprit de corps '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew then , knew with a heart-stopping shock . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
Three lists of companies were made and used in the study . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyway , I pulled a bottle of [FILTERED] out of my topcoat , drew the cork , and passed it to her . (Filtered Words: 1)
After looking about a bit , Wilson discovered beyond [FILTERED] , across the river and far removed from the white city , a considerable tract of land , and it occurred to him that the church and the better Negro homes might gradually be moved to this plot . (Filtered Words: 1)
the Briton Stirling Moss , one of the greatest virtuosi of all time , believes that ultra-fast road-circuit driving is an art form related to ballet . (Filtered Words: 0)
The child with high anxiety may first direct his anxiety-released energy toward achievement , but because his distress severely reduces the abilities of discrimination and memorization of complex symbols , the child may fail in his initial attempts to master the problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is much more a personal difference . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Gortonists were charged with blasphemy and tried for their lives . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was it because she had shown panic ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
At one time , while still under the impression that he was dealing with a Cuban plot , the President talked about invoking a total embargo on trade with Cuba . (Filtered Words: 0)
from the General's idea a chain reaction occurred . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where are they '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This characterizes [FILTERED]'s formulation of geometry , but not Ptolemy's astronomy . (Filtered Words: 1)
Recent events -- particularly the necessity of providing planning information for the statewide origin/destination study of the Department of Public Works -- indicate that this schedule will have to be accelerated . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they were , [FILTERED] would be writing the same columns as [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] would have nothing to draw cartoons about . (Filtered Words: 3)
In June , 1940 , Sergeant Helion , with a company of reserve troops waiting to go into battle , was sketching the hills south of the Loire River , when the war suddenly rolled in upon him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the above development we have applied the thermodynamics of equilibrium ( referred to by some as thermostatics ) to the steady state . (Filtered Words: 0)
it had reached the pre-war level of efficiency by 1951 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , one of the men from Lincoln , had taken a musket ball in his belly ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He smoked , as did everybody , and imbibed the various alcoholic beverages of that day , although his protestations while at Cambridge and after that he was no drunkard point to reasonable abstinence from the wild drinking bouts of some of the undergraduates and , we must add , of some of their elders including many of the regents or teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the demand for demythologization is unavoidable and so must be accepted by theology unconditionally , the position of the `` right '' is clearly untenable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only reason we brought you was to get [FILTERED] out . (Filtered Words: 1)
So he made a mistake . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most important of these found him in agreement with Hough's plea for reform . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've lost faith , Styka . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dear heaven , no , thought Mr. [FILTERED] , turning away as another man came in . (Filtered Words: 1)
At his death Fred and [FILTERED] , my husband , were named executors of the estate under the terms of the will . (Filtered Words: 1)
She wanted the police to notice him , suspect him . (Filtered Words: 0)
What could a blockade accomplish ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet the attitude that the fate of the Presidency demands in such a situation is quite distinct from the simple courage that can proceed with battles to be fought , regardless of the consequences . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mechanism of action of these drugs has not been completely worked out , but certain of them appear to act by reducing the oxidised form of iodine before it can iodinate thyroglobulin ( Astwood , 1954 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
A concept of responsibility is in process of articulation and establishment . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How do you know that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This `` family-community '' spirit is the real explanation of the marvel of our achievement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The musicians of the Royal Opera would not rehearse a work merely to see how it would sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
She usually wore weeds , and a stranger watching her board a train might have guessed that Mr. [FILTERED] was dead , but Mr. [FILTERED] was far from dead . (Filtered Words: 2)
Its windows glowed with lamplight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next best to destroying an army is to deprive it of its freedom of action . (Filtered Words: 0)
His broad interest in literary , political , and philosophical movements opened many doors to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The congressman who , in Paris , may have stuffed his wallet with enough franc notes to paper the roof of Notre-Dame will systematically scream that a $200 increase in entertainment allowance for a second secretary is tantamount to debauchery of the Treasury . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concert opened with another big romantic score , Schumann's Overture to `` Manfred '' , which suffered fate , this time with orchestral thrusts to the Byronic point to keep it afloat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sheep (Filtered Words: 0)
They tried to outface him , but [FILTERED] was as wide as two average men , and it would have taken braver men than these were to outface him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The fight over the Warwick School Committee's appointment of a coordinator of audio-visual education may go to the state Supreme Court , it appeared last night . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wasn't a big man ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The cake was received in a stunned silence that was evidence in itself of the dearth of taste thrills Mama had been providing . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are many , many things to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
The materials (Filtered Words: 0)
along the [FILTERED] and among the Carpathians , in alliance with the Emperor Joseph's armies ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Precisely at the moment when it has lost its vision the mind of the community turns out from itself in a search for the ontological standard whereby it can measure itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] was graduated from the [FILTERED] school and is attending Wellesley College in Wellesley , Mass. . (Filtered Words: 2)
claims are properly disposed of according to norms common to all parties . (Filtered Words: 0)
I persuaded an Australian friend who had lived `` outback '' for years to take me to see some aborigines living in the bush . (Filtered Words: 0)
And his efforts to get a performance for his Gallant Muses invariably failed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alexander said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Griffith said , `` Hoag told me to tell you '' -- he waited until they were close ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I shall touch on three areas : personal , national , and theological . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blockade is one answer offered by experts . (Filtered Words: 0)
From this belief is derived the practical orientation of our policy on the `` uncommitted '' ( `` neutralist '' , `` contested '' ) nations , especially on those whose leaders make the most noise -- Nehru , [FILTERED] , Nkrumah , Sukarno , Betancourt , etc. . (Filtered Words: 1)
Other lettermen from the team that compiled a 21-9 record and finished as runner-up in the National Invitation Tournament were : [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 6)
Communist political warfare , we must remember , is waged insidiously and in deliberate stages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parker was never excommunicated . (Filtered Words: 0)
So in these pages the term `` technology '' is used to include any and all means which could amplify , project , or augment man's control over himself and over other men . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , with a glory that almost wiped out the deep , downward sags in her careworn face , Matilda leaned over the wheel and shouted to [FILTERED] , who was stumbling along in the heat and the dust on the opposite side of the wagon `` Pa ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
But then , when you stuck things into the holes , why didn't they come right out again ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You think : `` Did he feel that way about me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Molotov , in particular , is being charged with all kinds of sins -- especially with wanting to cut down free public services , to increase rents and fares ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Investigations on the acceleration of human plasma cholinesterase were carried further . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of these temperatures are plotted in figure 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , one of them would have to go and do this ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That tub is going to explode all at once '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beckworth left the tent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't want it '' , [FILTERED] said , firmly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Look for home building nationally to advance less than 10 percent this year from 1960's 1,257,700 non-farm housing starts . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had been whispered privately that she had smiled in the congregation , and the Governor Prence sent to knoe her business , and command , after punishment as the bench see fit , her departure and also anyone who brought her to the place from which she came ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] told the Rotary Club of Providence at its luncheon at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel that about half of the people in the country want the `` welfare '' type of government and the other half want a free enterprise system . (Filtered Words: 1)
The half-breed didn't answer this time . (Filtered Words: 0)
When , in my enthusiasm , I proposed the party , my city editor ( who disliked the club and many of its members ) tried to block my participation in the gala event . (Filtered Words: 0)
He further proposed grants of an unspecified sum for experimental hospitals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among them , according to the U.S. Department of Commerce , are : ( 1 ) shorter work weeks , ( 2 ) higher pay , ( 3 ) longer paid vacations , ( 4 ) better transportation , ( 5 ) earlier retirement , and ( 6 ) more education . (Filtered Words: 0)
We want to know when the [FILTERED] telephone exactly how many they are planning to bring , so that we won't end up with a splashing mob that looks like Coney Island in August . (Filtered Words: 1)
These courses develop skills other than those we think of when we use the adjective `` academic '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , if you don't make the American a success , Hearst will have no further use for you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That became their `` home range '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They are ugly and they eat chickens and I hate snakes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And there has been no effort since the election to pull it back together . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Are you my partner '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I have already mentioned that Mr. [FILTERED] of Newburyport was the inventor of the arched bridges in this country . (Filtered Words: 1)
She asked , in a way that seemed oddly sophisticated , considerate , and yet perhaps partly scornful . (Filtered Words: 0)
As cholesterol piles up , it narrows , irritates and damages the artery , encouraging formation of calcium deposits and slowing circulation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The executive paid tribute to research and development and technology for their great contributions in the past , but he also cautioned industry that they tend to be great equalizers because they move at a fairly even pace within an industry and fail to give it the short-term advantage which it often needs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The years suddenly fell away at this point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take off or see the hostages killed . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the first reports , [FILTERED]'s horse wheeled to the right and ran towards the buildings while [FILTERED] , followed by a hail of bullets , raced towards the arroyo of [FILTERED]'s Canyon immediately in front of him , just reaching it as his horse fell . (Filtered Words: 3)
Her upper lip lifted slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Emerson -- Platonist , idealist , doctrinaire -- sounded a high Transcendental note in his `` Boston Hymn '' , delivered in 1863 in the Boston Music Hall amidst thundering applause : `` Pay ransom to the owner and fill the bag to the brim . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the moral code were flouted , the proper balance of the universe would be upset , and the disastrous result could be floods , plague , or famine . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] called the Adams method literally antihistorical , while Clive Day maintained that the assumptions were not confined to theories alone but were also applicable to straight factual evidence . (Filtered Words: 1)
The girl murmured harshly . (Filtered Words: 0)
A good binge has that kind of therapeutic value . (Filtered Words: 0)
Operation and maintenance . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the period during the melancholy days of autumn when universities and colleges schedule what they call `` Homecoming Day '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Above all , disabuse yourselves of any thought that I propose to vent moral indignation at your rifling my residence , to whimper over the loss of a few objets d'art , or to shame you into rectitude . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as they reached the shore , the first huge wave crashed upon them . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. John 10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
division four will be headed by the Navy , followed by 11 states ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The young married people ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His blue eyes sought the shimmering sea of haze ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it doesn't make any difference . (Filtered Words: 0)
Worst of all , [FILTERED] had no training for any kind of work . (Filtered Words: 1)
That which I found most profound and most disturbing appeared to evoke a curiously muted reaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
She pulled her legs up under her , to rise , her full peasant skirt drawing up her thighs , and [FILTERED]'s music pfffted away . (Filtered Words: 1)
In this test , 130 gallons of a suspension , having a count of Af organisms per ml , or a total of approximately Af spores , was aerosolized . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Two Americans and seven Cubans were executed by firing squads today as [FILTERED] military tribunals began decreeing the death penalty for captured invasion forces and suspected collaborators . (Filtered Words: 1)
( D ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Would not the emotional catharsis eventually brought on by this awfulness have a calming , if not exhausting , effect likely to improve his client's chances ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The shell , which served the strain so well at a relatively early stage in the evolutionary scheme , tended to cancel out the possibility of future development . (Filtered Words: 0)
' people to people ' (Filtered Words: 0)
He walked right up to the fire as though blissfully unaware of the guns covering him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Implementation of the master plan will inevitably be uneven . (Filtered Words: 0)
Berlin is merely being used by Moscow as a stalking horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stopped stone-still . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a difference in theological belief where there seems little chance of agreement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vocational education (Filtered Words: 0)
So was the gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you know that he ( God ) is just ( righteous ) , know that everyone also who does what is just ( righteous ) has been born of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boldness of champions (Filtered Words: 0)
the darbuka , a small drum with the treelike shape of a roemer glass ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Byron inquired . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note that the mass threshold is four times that of 1958 Alpha and that the flux is one fifth as large . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would not make a sound until the President had wakened and left for the office ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the fish have swallowed vast numbers of bottom-living diatoms , raised to the surface by the disturbance . (Filtered Words: 0)
New Orleans had a notorious red-light district extending over twenty-eight city blocks , and the business-minded mayor of the city journeyed to Washington to present the case for `` the God-given right of men to be men '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s hands throughout the novel serve to travesty greed and hypocritical self-aggrandizement . (Filtered Words: 1)
One such wife , Dr. [FILTERED] says , became disgusted with her weak husband and flurried through a series of extramarital affairs in the hope of finding a stronger man . (Filtered Words: 1)
The introduction of the United States Pharmacopoeia reference standard in 1952 and the redefinition and equating of the USP and international units of thyroid-stimulating activity have made it possible to compare results published by different investigators since that time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The congruence of its secants is therefore of order Af and class Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyone knows how a real , red-blooded woman would react to such a catastrophe ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
For added comfort some of the Italian designed sandals have foam padded cushioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would it be feasible to limit the menu in order to reduce feeding costs ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The two men whipped their horses into town and flung themselves up the steps of the saloon , crying their intelligence . (Filtered Words: 0)
also he is a drunk , and has lost his job on that account . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cause of all this commotion : squat , pug-nosed , balding , hopelessly ugly [FILTERED] , a Bogartian figure , who plays a sadistic , amoral , philosophic [FILTERED] salesman in old New-Waver Fredrico de Mille Rossilini's endlessly provocative film , A Sour Sponge . (Filtered Words: 2)
Only eight of the 50 houses were completed at the time of the editor's visit on June 8th ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Axioms required to make the theoretical machinery operate are set out tersely and powerfully , so that all permissible operations within the theory can be traced rigorously back to these axioms , rules , and primitive notions . (Filtered Words: 0)
At two that morning , he was still walking -- up and down [FILTERED] , up and down the veranda , up and down the silent , moonlit beach . (Filtered Words: 1)
The decrees proposed by the amici curiae were filed in August of 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] made trip after trip in our old car , moving the clothes and dishes and the stock of groceries Nadine had bought on special . (Filtered Words: 1)
We have aligned ourselves with that `` liberal '' tradition in Protestant Christianity that counts among the great names in its history those of [FILTERED] , Ritschl , Herrmann , Harnack , and Troeltsch , and more recently , [FILTERED] and the early Barth and , in part at least , Bultmann . (Filtered Words: 2)
A comparable manufactured boat would cost close to $3,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The captain was gone , and the mate was gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the tape was run for over 1 hr. , a steady state was not reached , and it was concluded that the reason for this was that the back pressure of the manometer was built up from the material fed from between the blocks and this was available at a very slow rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
I did exactly as instructed . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a difference between evidence and illustration , and Fromm's citation of the other diagnosticians fits the latter category . (Filtered Words: 0)
7-4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This carefree disdain for `` side '' cropped up again in the same television broadcast . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it was proposed to rebuild the church , Wilson found that the terms for a new mortgage were very high . (Filtered Words: 0)
E . (Filtered Words: 0)
He climbed , as quickly as he could urge his body , up the two unbroken flights to the third floor , pulling himself along on a delicate balustrade , all that remained of the building's beauty . (Filtered Words: 0)
You see , I thought -- I mean I really had no idea '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a varmint load , pure and simple ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For example : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so the psalmist gives us one more picture of God : `` The Lord is the strength of my life '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion seeks to satisfy human needs of great pertinence . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could observe the two fans down at the end , but their size in themselves meant nothing to me as long as I had no measure of comparison . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the summer of 1960 the oxidation pond became completely septic and emitted obnoxious odors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here are several : (Filtered Words: 0)
Preparation for membership (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a phrase as arresting as a magician's gesture , with a piquant turn of harmony giving an effect of strangeness . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Springfield come in tomorrow '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wait a minute , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] did , [FILTERED] did . (Filtered Words: 2)
Convulsively , he spat up some blood and collapsed into the arms of Senator [FILTERED] , crimsoning the frilly shirt and waistcoat the politician wore . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` All right '' , Rector said . (Filtered Words: 0)
( E ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The President said his proposals combine the `` indispensable elements in a sound health program -- people , knowledge , services , facilities , and the means to pay for them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He selected as Comptroller of Defense , not a veteran accountant , but a former Rhodes Scholar , [FILTERED] , who is author of a study on The Economics Of Defense In The Nuclear Age . (Filtered Words: 1)
It exhibits much the same descriptive technique and is open to much the same criticisms . (Filtered Words: 0)
These public efforts were rare because Mr. [FILTERED] normally did his counseling , persuading and educating long before an issue reached its test on the House floor . (Filtered Words: 1)
When Prokofieff forged his new clarity of `` lucid , straightforward music , so difficult to compose '' , he shaped his talents to his purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
I looked for Jessica to materialize out of the clogging , curdling crowd and , as the time passed and I waited , a fiend came to life beside me and whispered in my ear : How was I planning to greet Jessica ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What pictures '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides flathead bronze screws , silicon bronze Stronghold nails ( made by Independent Nail & Packing Co. , Bridgewater , Mass. ) are used extensively in assembly and Weldwood resorcinol glue is used in all the joints . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each faded out into the unexplored areas of the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the last time in history anybody could do something gloriously like that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These have an upper-middle-class leadership and a middle-class membership , with rare exceptions , where working-class parents are active in local P.-T.A. matters . (Filtered Words: 0)
and which , more often than all these , conveys a welter of feelings which could in no way be conveyed by any number of words , words which are so unlike this welter in being formed and discrete from one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why didn't he drop dead ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She could not face coffee or tea without milk , and was always craving types of food that were not available aboard a sailing ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeing their hesitation , I said , `` Well , until I have permission to enter Germany , or a visa to re-enter France , I shall be obliged to remain here on the line between two countries '' , whereupon I moved to the side of the road , parked my backpack against the small guardhouse on the sidewalk , sat down , took out my typewriter , and began typing the above conversation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following table ( 14-2 ) lists the ( luminous ) gain values computed according to [FILTERED]. ( 6 ) with Af . (Filtered Words: 1)
The trial balloons are afloat . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was in Egypt during the revolution and had passport difficulty . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has become painfully clear that the very attempt to make the language of social research free of values by erecting mathematical and physical models , is itself a conditioned response to a world which pays a premium price for technological manipulation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He then applied this principle of reciprocal inhibition to human neuroses . (Filtered Words: 0)
You want him to be a leader of men , like you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Language was no problem anyway ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon as the Burnsides moved on , he'd lead [FILTERED] down by the river ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The U.N.F.P. learned that its urban organization , which depends heavily on U.M.T. support , was most effective . (Filtered Words: 0)
Smokers reduced to `` the makings '' , spoke of the sack tobacco as `` Hoover dust '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Richmond , Virginia ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Because they were new men and to be sure that they didn't get lost , Prevot had placed Warren and [FILTERED] in the center of the patrol as it filed out . (Filtered Words: 1)
The last few years have witnessed what have been perhaps the most rapid advances in military technology in history . (Filtered Words: 0)
At first Matilda could not believe her own eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] admitted the slaying and said that the son-in-law became her lover after the death of her daughter in 1934 . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Well , she had a number of them where money was concerned '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Community visiting nurse services at home for up to 240 days an illness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Expansion , modernization , and development of fire control to a proficiency and strength of force which will prevent as many fires as possible and suppress fires before they spread beyond permitted standards . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , even getting this across would be difficult . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That'll be a pleasure to see '' , the big black murmured as he stared down the barrel of his rifle . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Precious . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , Kayabashi was bringing his associates here for a specific purpose and Rector would not be able to fathom it until they arrived . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was appalled by such spurious history as that which attributed the fall of the Carolingian empire to the woolen trade , and he urged Adams to `` transform his essay into a real history , embodying not merely those facts which fit into his theory , but also the modifications and exceptions '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
What bits of Brumidi and Costaggini could be reached at either end seemed in good order , though the roughish sandy surface was thick with dust . (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctors had suggested Scotty remain most of every afternoon in bed until he was stronger . (Filtered Words: 0)
It took me a moment to realize what was odd about that panel : there was a gimbaled compass welded to it , which rocked gently back and forth as the Land Rover bounced about . (Filtered Words: 0)
burned the other cheek ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather , such assignments are made , as they must be , on the basis of certain overall rules and standards , representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem , taking into account for each situation some of the variables ( e.g. , power and station separations ) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does she accurately give dates , ages , kind of occupation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
To his faint surprise [FILTERED] held up his hand . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Maybe it would be better to humor the guy and then make an exit . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'd had all this trouble with the old man , that's why I drank so much . (Filtered Words: 0)
The word that is not used can be as important as the word that is used ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Before leaving , he took one last , lingering look at the apartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was essential that he should restore his formidable reputation as a rip-roaring , ruthless gun-slinger , and this was the time-honored Wild West method of doing it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , passed your road block as I drove in '' , I said , sitting on his polished desk . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor [FILTERED] was the official host at the children's party . (Filtered Words: 1)
Homemade bread (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
The coronary arteries were sclerotic and diffusely narrowed throughout their courses , and the right coronary artery was virtually occluded by a yellow atheromatous plaque 1.5 cm. distal to its origin . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was enjoying the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] played that way . (Filtered Words: 1)
The forest had become an alien world where she strove , alone , unprotected , unguided , to deal with whatever hindrances were offered . (Filtered Words: 0)
She's been hangin' around me a lot here lately , and I figgered I might as well's try it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the eyes of the smallest children seemed malicious . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] supports the idea that the universe both expands and contracts , that in several billion years the expansion will slow up and reverse itself and that the contraction will set in . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- Held out of Texas Tech's sweat-suits drill Monday at Lubbock was tackle [FILTERED] , who is undergoing treatment for a leg injury suffered in the Raiders' 38-7 loss to Texas A & M Because of its important game with Arkansas coming up Saturday , [FILTERED] worked out in the rain Monday -- mud or no mud . (Filtered Words: 2)
Improve food and cover on 1.5 million acres of key wildlife areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
And now Mr. [FILTERED] has pioneered further into the economic unknown with the announcement that he thinks business has stopped sliding and that it should start going upward from this point . (Filtered Words: 1)
Southern whites themselves are realizing that they had been wrong in using violence to try to stop Negroes from claiming equal rights . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , chlorothiazide and salt restriction became necessary to control the edema of chronic congestive failure . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have discovered that the outward trappings such as private offices and private secretaries are extremely important ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The code , which had probably something to do with sex or some other interest , [FILTERED] was determined to find out and put to use . (Filtered Words: 1)
Well , she had not come back to Great Island to be understood , praised or condemned . (Filtered Words: 0)
I walked over to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one hand she clutched a hundred dollar bill and in the other a straw suitcase . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , some -- Anzilotti is the principle example -- went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm , Pacta sunt Servanda . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , the city itself should be talked to . (Filtered Words: 0)
The turret screw machine , now known as the [FILTERED] & Sharpe hand screw machine , takes its ancestry directly from Mr. [FILTERED]'s efforts to introduce equipment to simplify the manufacture of the sewing machine . (Filtered Words: 1)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
but if drinking is a gerundial noun modifying water and without drinking water is equivalent to without water for drinking , there will be stronger stress on drinking than on water . (Filtered Words: 0)
In reply , Deputy Police Commissioner [FILTERED] said that the city spends more than $115,000 annually to license and regulate dogs but collects only $43,000 in fees . (Filtered Words: 1)
A biographical sketch followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
a poor attempt to write an idiomatic jazz concerto ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now she was intensely alive , anguished ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And in a concluding chapter about America's stance in the contemporary world , one senses certain misplacements of emphasis and a failure to come to grips with the baffling riddle of our time : How to deal with a wily and aggressive enemy without appeasement and without war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their strategy was sound enough and , he reasoned , had been defeated only by [FILTERED] unwillingness to sanction an idea he had not originated . (Filtered Words: 1)
The bodies in the truck threshed and bawled without human speech when the dromozoa struck them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well maybe I'm exaggerating . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is mirrored by the individual [FILTERED] , whose ideas and behavior patterns are so dependent and relativistic that they always coincide with those of the individual or group present and most important at the moment . (Filtered Words: 1)
Statements by other legislators that Dallas is paying for all its water program by local bonds , and that less populous places would benefit most by the pending bill , did not sway [FILTERED]'s attack . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thirteen Italian airmen who went to the Congo to serve the cause of peace under the United Nations banner have instead met violent death at the hands of Congolese troops supposedly their friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' -- [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
and also that they may have 5 legislative days in which to extend their remarks . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt able to end on a note of hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I did everybody on my list but the Blevins and the Flannagans . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same thing is also evidenced by the extreme `` culture-Protestantism '' so often observed to characterize the preaching and teaching of the American churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time he turned westward , to the middle Atlantic coast of North America . (Filtered Words: 0)
the positivists are plainly right in saying that such remarks do usually express feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
and now rockets have given it the means to destroy itself in minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the South begins another school year , national and even world attention is directed at the region's slow progress toward racial equality in the public schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
It operates in its target's environment , and any advantage gained therefrom by the target is shared by the attacker . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be a bit cold when poured ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Watching , they waited until the squall thickened and began to move in a long drifting slant across the dry burning land . (Filtered Words: 0)
in half an hour the reception would be over . (Filtered Words: 0)
during the same period around sunrise , skywave transmission is declining , until at about 2 hours after sunrise it reaches a point where it becomes of little practical significance . (Filtered Words: 0)
now we must use a heavy one . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally he went into the bedroom and sat down to take off his shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are made of gold and covered with emeralds , pearls and other jewels . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took a deep breath , and the plunge . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is difficult to say what can be done about them except that we must learn to recognize when it is they , rather than pretexts for them , that are causing the trouble , and do everything possible to nurture the healthy personalities that will prevent the development of such deficiencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the return trip , Barco kept muttering to himself in meaningless phrases , such as : `` They're under sand dunes They're better off , I tell you I saved their souls '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The importance of particle size in such aerosols has been thoroughly demonstrated . (Filtered Words: 0)
the hotel-motel demarcation is becoming harder to find every year . (Filtered Words: 0)
The interest rate will be similar to those prevailing in India on comparable loans and the maturities will be consistent with the purposes of the financing . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one patted the dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
and ( K ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Indicating the way in which he has turned his back on his 1910 philosophy , Mr. [FILTERED] said : `` A Socialist is a person who believes in dividing everything he does not own '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The stallion had smelled the mare coming into heat and began to paw the turf , shaking his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under another law , hundreds of farms were seized . (Filtered Words: 0)
the more extensive and firm the body of doctrine , the firmer the group . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wouldn't the wanton destruction of cities and people be the logical act of complete subjugation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It differed from what an undergraduate receives today from any American college or university mainly in the certainty of what he was forced to learn compared with the loose and widely scattered information obtained today by most of our undergraduates . (Filtered Words: 0)
The classroom teacher cannot be expected to be as proficient in the use of the techniques of child study as the clinical psychologist ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a trend today to bemoan the fact that Americans are too `` soft '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hendricks had [FILTERED] , tenor sax ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
New ideas for improving nutrition came with the study of soil treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] found Af to be trigonal , [FILTERED] symmetry Af , with Af , Af . (Filtered Words: 2)
A note making the request was handed to U.S. Ambassador [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'm sorry '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was almost positive it was not Assyrian nor Cassite , and imagined it must have been German or English . (Filtered Words: 0)
The innocent malfeasant , filled with that supreme sense of honor found in bars , insisted upon replacing the destroyed monacle -- and did , over the protests of the former owner -- with a square monacle . (Filtered Words: 0)
A program to fit your needs (Filtered Words: 0)
But he did recommend that President [FILTERED] state clearly that if Communist countries shipped any further arms to Cuba that it would not be tolerated . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then gradually he began to pull away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not so , he answers , it is not the architect but the temple that is immortal . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stifled the Comanche yell and let John lead him straight toward the nearby black volcanic mountain . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first place , it was difficult for us to meet . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a mistake to look upon the Oedipus of Oedipus Complex as a literary descendant of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Soon came back to his senses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each girl was independently `` tested '' by the personnel man , and he served not only as the director , but as the antagonist and the observer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taxing improvements (Filtered Words: 0)
This time the search took twice as long , cutting down on his extra reading , for he had to pick through several columns of one- and two-line social notes in each issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her pride is as much at stake as her virtue ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Quite frequently class members brought questions from their mates at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
We marvel at their blindness for not seeing this . (Filtered Words: 0)
An unsuccessful playwright and actor , he has faith only in himself and in a talent he is not sure exists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Resolved that , while we most decidedly disapprove the methods he adopted to accomplish his objects , yet in his willingness to die in aid of the great cause of human freedom , we still recognize the qualities of a noble nature and the exercise of a spirit which true men have always admired and which history never fails to honor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps this is not so extraordinary after all . (Filtered Words: 0)
If because of this incident they become angry with Earth , I will not be permitted to go there at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he realized she was dead , he called two lawyers and then the police . (Filtered Words: 0)
America did not become great through softness and self-indulgence . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the other pilots were worried , they did not show it . (Filtered Words: 0)
As promptly as [FILTERED] , O'Banion jumped into bootlegging . (Filtered Words: 1)
She said , `` Oh Eugenia , I wish '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Charcoal '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And it is precisely in this poorer economic class that one finds , and has always found , the most racial friction . (Filtered Words: 0)
if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation , duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States , makes an assignment of the claim , or any part thereof , with respect to which an award is made , or makes an assignment of such award , or any part thereof , payment shall be made to the assignee , as his interest may appear ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , with a reading public that longs for the `` good old days '' and with an awareness of our expanding international interests , it is easy for the Benets to obtain a magnified position in literature by use of all sorts of Americana , real or fake , and it is easy for the Steinbecks and [FILTERED] to support their messages of reform by reading messages of reform into the minds of the folk . (Filtered Words: 1)
By 1853 , the new partnership announced the precision vernier caliper as the first fruit of their joint efforts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hand grenades . (Filtered Words: 0)
The complex morphology of polycrystalline homopolymers is necessarily dependent on the same factor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wager between God and Satan brings on the destiny of Faust , but Faust assumes his role voluntarily . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a black swamp clay in which about one hundred million years ago cypress-like trees were growing . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , he didn't have his gun , which he should have . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he had income other than wages subject to withholding , he may be required to file Form 1040 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The oyabun was entertaining a group of dignitaries , the secretary said , businessmen from Tokyo for the most part , and Kayabashi wished to show them the mission . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am tired of sultans and scimitars '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other children in the class use this same coloring book and do a fairly good job with things their proper color . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cheery smile , a compassionate interest in others and a practical down-to-earth approach . (Filtered Words: 0)
I must have written to say how much I had enjoyed his fine book The Building Of Eternal Rome , and I found he had not regretted giving me the highest mark in his old course on the later Latin poets , although in my final examination I had ignored the questions and filled the bluebook with a comparison of Propertius and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
We cannot , of course , assign it any substance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The males are much duller . (Filtered Words: 0)
What was the list ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a good use of money . (Filtered Words: 0)
When something unexpected happened , one always asked for water if one were a woman , brandy if one were a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
They despised foreigners . (Filtered Words: 0)
The substantial progress being made in ballistic missile technology is rapidly shifting the main threat from manned bombers to missiles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you know what they think of me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Under the window in stormy weather (Filtered Words: 0)
if such person is deceased or is under a legal disability , payment shall be made to his legal representative : Provided , That if the total award is not over $500 and there is no qualified executor or administrator , payment may be made to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto , without the necessity of compliance with the requirements of law with respect to the administration of estates ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Selective selling '' -- concentrating sales on the larger accounts -- has been used effectively by some manufacturers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Small wonder , then , that we fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
The forest was open and freely welcoming , extending an enchanted hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pausing in the doorway he said : `` The form of the human female , unlike her mind and her spirit , is the most challenging loveliness in all nature '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Required public education . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Several times recently I have wondered whether shows were being staged for the sake of the script or just to entertain the audience with the spectacle of scenery being shifted right in front of their eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its scope is as broad as the question : What does it mean to live in modern society ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus while his theory or technique may not be oversubscribed , it is commonplace for bullish and bearish positions to become temporarily over-subscribed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has made only one second-half appearance this season and that was in the Washington State game , for four plays : he returned the kickoff 30 yards , gained five yards through the line and then uncorked a 56-yard touchdown run before retiring to the bench . (Filtered Words: 1)
But in the middle of the last century an island woman named `` Karipo '' seized a spear in the heat of an inter-tribal battle and rallied the women after their men had fled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Black and white is her favorite color combination along with lively glowing pinks , reds , blues and greens . (Filtered Words: 0)
In I know one thing dominant stress will usually be on the complement one thing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Both buildings were in flames . (Filtered Words: 0)
This indicates that this drug is being marketed under one trade name only or state regulatory organizations have approved its use on the feed tag . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you have a house which heat doesn't penetrate easily , your unit will have less heat to remove . (Filtered Words: 0)
and role-experimentation vs. negative identity . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not afford to lose a drop of the precious water , so he spent most of his waking hours along the ditches in his meadows . (Filtered Words: 0)
They never troubled themselves about us while we were playing , because the fence formed such a definite boundary and `` Don't go outside the gate '' was a command so impossible of misinterpretation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Supplementing the actual art are memorabilia -- correspondence , diaries , books from the artist's library , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were the ones Keith sought out -- the loners , the ones who killed for the joy of it , like himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
After that everything should be simpler . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remove temptations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Repayment (Filtered Words: 0)
the Old Ones have cherished him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At a minimum , recording -- usually on tape , which is now in wide professional use -- brings the psychiatric interview alive so that the full range of emotion and meaning can be explored repeatedly by the therapist or by a battery of therapists . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it would greatly strengthen any Mayor's executive powers , remove the excuse in large degree that he is a captive of inaction in the Board of Estimate , increase his budget-making authority both as to expense and capital budgets , and vest in him the right to reorganize city departments in the interest of efficiency and economy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The portwatchers were retired longshoremen and small time seafarers off towboats and barges who acted as watchmen on the wharves . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , groups regularly canoe down the Connecticut River . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` When they became members of the city police narcotics unit '' , Sokol said , `` they were told they would have to get to know certain areas of Chicago in which narcotics were sold and they would have to get to know people in the narcotics racket . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sir -- I read of a man who felt he should not build a fallout shelter in his home because it would be selfish for him to sit secure while his neighbors had no shelters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , 1745 corresponded to the invention of the `` Leiden '' jar by Kleist , 1764 that of the electrophorus by [FILTERED] , 1782 produced the condenser of Volta , and 1801 the voltaic pile . (Filtered Words: 1)
He evidently earned the place assigned him . (Filtered Words: 0)
A `` mental image '' subconsciously impressing us from beneath its language symbols in wakeful thought , or consciously in light sleep , is actually not an image at all but is comprised of realities , viewed not in the concurrent sensory stream , but within the depths of the fourth dimension . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even Norway , despite daily but limited manifestations against atomic arms in the heart of this northernmost capital of the alliance , is today closer to the NATO line . (Filtered Words: 0)
The play's device is to explore society's obsession with disaster and violence through the eyes of a group of artist's models who remain part of someone else's painting rather than just be themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a book review of `` The Soviet Cultural Offensive '' , he says , `` Long before the State Department organized its bureaucracy into an East-West Contacts Staff in order to wage a cultural counter-offensive within Soviet borders , the sharp cutting-edge of American culture had carved its mark across the Russian steppes , as when the enterprising promoters of ' Porgy And Bess ' overrode the State Department to carry the contemporary ' cultural warfare ' behind the enemy lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bone of the vertebral bodies , ribs , and sternum was soft and was easily compressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
She went in to get the hamburgers , and I switched on the device again and kept the signal from Dowling's car coming in steady and clear until I saw her starting back with the hamburgers . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would a blue feather in a man's hat make him happy all day ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , when everything was opening up to him -- even the court of Louis 15 ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The school is located at 9-1/2 Mile Road , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Like [FILTERED] , I can't see something like this happening to me . (Filtered Words: 1)
They marched with bayonets fixed , and as fixed on their faces was anger , fear , and torment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of them , moreover , are beginning to complain about the scarcity of Western amusements and to ridicule the old life of the bazaar merchant , the mullah , and the peasant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aircraft are mighty expensive if you can use them only once . (Filtered Words: 0)
But while the two men are riding into the country , where they are going to dinner , they are attacked in the dark of the forest by a band of thieves , who strip them of everything , including most of their clothes . (Filtered Words: 0)
others may drag their feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was taken aback . (Filtered Words: 0)
far from it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Acoustical interferometer . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Fifteen members of the Republican State Committee who are retiring -- voluntarily -- this year were honored yesterday by their colleagues . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- to go to the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Present data indicate an accretion of about Af tons per year over the entire globe , or about Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it helps the builder because it can handle a more efficiently packaged load , can deliver it to the best spot ( in some cases , right on the roof or inside the house ) , and never takes any of the builder's high-priced labor to help unload it . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Mrs. [FILTERED] was who he thought she was , Mr. [FILTERED]'s Peerless selling days might well be over . (Filtered Words: 2)
All applicants were generally familiar with the work of the receptionist . (Filtered Words: 0)
His hands shook . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you will be using your car more than fifteen days , which isn't all unlikely , the daily rates drop quite sharply to $.86 a day for the Fiat 500 and to an infinitesimal $.30 a day for the Fiat 2100 Station Wagon . (Filtered Words: 0)
drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
The special syntactical effects of a [FILTERED] or [FILTERED] -- actually ornaments -- become the main concern . (Filtered Words: 2)
The cubist generation before World War 1 , , and , on a lower level , the surrealists of the period between the wars , both assumed an accepted universe of discourse , in which , to quote [FILTERED] , it was possible to make definite advances , exactly as in the sciences . (Filtered Words: 1)
The man said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He scarcely saw them . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll be in range in a short while '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
but here he was just [FILTERED] or the Old Man . (Filtered Words: 1)
The NATO Council is available as an executive agency , the Standing Group as a high military authority . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apart , however , from the question of wasteful duplication , there is another aspect of the `` family business '' spirit in American Catholic higher education which deserves closer scrutiny . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Before then , my sales during much of the year had lagged behind 1960 by 20% '' , he says . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sherman laid great store by place captures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any failure to file timely returns or make estimated tax payments when due must be fully explained . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the author , who seemed the embodiment of France's rising spirit of resistance to her conquerors , was much complimented for his daring military action . (Filtered Words: 0)
I must confess that I prefer the Liberal who is personally affected , who is willing to send his own children to a mixed school as proof of his faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it was nothing more than that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , it has made an exact assessment of the removal mechanisms possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
British subsidiary (Filtered Words: 0)
Not Pedersen's kid neither . (Filtered Words: 0)
forcing them into management can only create trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
She also mentioned leaving a little bunch of flowers at the bust of Lauro Di Bosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had just finished unlacing the right one when the telephone rang again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
By these steps the final AIA list was reduced from 8,000 to 3,500 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The motor pool then , as now , had headquarter facilities in Providence and other garages located throughout the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the rest of it , the main part , wasn't based on logic at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although no national norms exist for the social development of children , the teacher can find a great deal of information concerning types of social behavior normally displayed by children at various age levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next question is whether board members favor their own social classes in their roles as educational policy-makers . (Filtered Words: 0)
By that time it was commonly agreed that patent warfare was sapping constructive achievement and blocking the free exchange of technical information . (Filtered Words: 0)
Move over , General Motors '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a fellow of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers , and a senior member of the Institute of Radio Engineers . (Filtered Words: 0)
the two may in fact be identical . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hotels , for example , are ready to let down the bars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Death is not permanent defeat and disappearance ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And if [FILTERED] felt impelled thereafter to formulate the ethics of the medical profession , his article in the Atlantic Monthly accomplished a good deal more . (Filtered Words: 1)
Three days had passed since [FILTERED]'s arrest and each day had brought new dangers , new fears . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then she took iced lemonade to Marsh's young aide where he sat in the cool of the big trees around the flower garden . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let Old Knife come up and kill you and your people , or would you steer him on someone else '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A careful and orderly man , who values precision and a kind of tough intellectual responsibility , might easily be put off by such a book . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , on complex projects , design work must be completed and orders for machinery and equipment placed months or even years before construction can commence . (Filtered Words: 0)
and according to them , whatever one fancies one feels , what one feels in fact is the opposite . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe I saw him on a barge with a gang of Ethiopians poling it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I would not pamper myself in that silly way . (Filtered Words: 0)
The words ran crazily in his head : [FILTERED] the Mutton is scratching her nose in the rain . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gaining outer space and losing `` inner '' space is bad business according to God's standards . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] cafes (Filtered Words: 1)
Asked one of the children . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was nice then , so peaceful and quiet . (Filtered Words: 0)
He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
She found herself wishing an old wish , that she had told Doaty she was running away , that she had left something more behind her than the loving , sorry note and her best garnet pin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can they stand rigid scrutiny ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and yet like a child among adults . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was his brag that he could beat everybody at anything , but especially at fighting , and he once took on the manager of his club and worked him over thoroughly with his fists . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Star's Pride-Venus Hanover ) has gone in 2:33 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Rhode Island law specifies that all real estate is taxable in the town in which it is situated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Far up the valley I could see the Rees circling and reorganizing . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' -- [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The push-up itself can be taught by starting at the top of the push-up with legs spread wide . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same command is repeated as many times as there are levels in rank from general to corporal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The young queens and drones leave the nest and mate , and after a short period of freedom , the fertilized young queens will begin to dig in for the winter . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the deep waters of the Pacific these waves reach a speed of 500 miles per hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had noticed a drive-in down the road a quarter of a mile . (Filtered Words: 0)
They explained value judgments by explaining them away . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hang this around your neck or attach it to other parts of your anatomy , and its rays will cure any disease you have '' , said the company . (Filtered Words: 0)
Selecting bunks by economic comparison is usually an individual problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Important as these differences are , they should not obscure the basic fact that by shifting the hypothalamic balance sufficiently to the parasympathetic side , we produce depressions , whereas a shift in the opposite direction causes excitatory effects and , eventually , maniclike changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will determine the amount of money to be spent by the college and will certify this amount to the board of freeholders , which `` shall appropriate in the same manner as other appropriations are made by it the amount so certified and the amount shall be assessed , levied and collected in the same manner as moneys appropriated for other purposes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was safe to assume that Papa , sighing heavily , had said many times to his remaining daughter , `` Thank God your poor mother was spared this '' , and indeed it might be true that it had been easier for Henrietta to leave , with her hand in Charles' hand , just because her `` poor mother '' was gone already and would never know . (Filtered Words: 0)
The calibration of piezoelectric sensors in terms of the particle parameters is very uncertain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The teacher was a pliant fool . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , [FILTERED] knew he wasn't the old-grad-type . (Filtered Words: 1)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did , [FILTERED] did . (Filtered Words: 2)
'' Kenyon , [FILTERED] , and Hudson operated in an `` Anglo-Protestant New Critical chill '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis against starting buffer always showed intense agglutinin activity , regardless of the blood group of the donor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ball broke up in confusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1900 the South was only 15% urban ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Skeletal Age curve in the lower portion of Figure 2 shows that slowing may have occurred for her during the prepubescent period . (Filtered Words: 0)
And even if they stay in resorts part of the time , they might , if the right salesman gets them in tow , develop a yearning to spice the usual vacation fare with a camping trip into the wide open spaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
They don't , Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
This whole tendency had an unfortunate effect on Chinese thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a properly ordered society the massive force of public law performs the function which in natural law theory ineptly is left altogether to a small voice so often still . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel had to bend toward [FILTERED] and ask him to repeat . (Filtered Words: 1)
Anyway , a number of them meet here in devastating collisions . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all his miscalculations , [FILTERED] made the fatal historical blunder of presuming that he could transform other composers' inspirations -- representing many peoples , time periods and styles -- into his own music by warping the harmony , melody , or form , to verify his own experiments . (Filtered Words: 1)
Figures 1 to 3 show photographic and schematic views of the test stand and of two different models of the anode holder . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked Quasimodo recently how he accomplished this , and he replied that he had painted his model `` a beautiful shade of red and then had her breathe on the canvas '' , which was his typical tongue-in-cheek way of chiding me for my lack of sensitivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , whatever the techniques used , a twin goal is common to all preventive casework service : to cushion or reduce the force of the stress impact while at the same time to encourage and support family members to mobilize and use their ego capacities . (Filtered Words: 0)
When drilling all the way through a workpiece , always place a piece of scrap wood underneath . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all the above procedures , when the intermediate sera were diluted to 1 : 10 or 1 : 100 with 0.85% saline , the specific and nonspecific fluorescence were not appreciably reduced , whereas , a dilution of the intermediate sera to 1 : 500 or diluting the Af to 1 : 5 greatly reduced specific fluorescence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although a straight drum shade would be adequate and sufficiently neutral that the puppets could be changed without disharmony , it is far more fun to create shades in the gay spirit of a child's playtime . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , let's see . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not really listen to others , had little interest in their ideas , and wanted to have his own way -- which was the only right way . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a flood of protests , they were reinstated at the beginning of 1953 . (Filtered Words: 0)
all the words of its clever lyrics came through with perfect clarity . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was fortunate , as the Vail plant burned in 1905 . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Creative prayer experiences (Filtered Words: 0)
But she was talking of [FILTERED] when she saw the black line of the open door ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
They knew that I was still grieving over the tragic event , and they felt that if I could see the recovery and the spirit of the people , who hold no grudge , but who also regret Pearl Harbor , I would be happier and would understand better a new Japan . (Filtered Words: 0)
In both cases the stubborn fact remains : liberalism gave birth to two brilliant apostates , both legitimate offspring of its loins , and when brought to the test , it behaved shabbily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Young Morris , who , while attending the University of Pennsylvania , also taught and edited a paper , found time to write Henrietta twenty-page letters on everything that engaged his interest , from the acting of [FILTERED] in Philadelphia to his reactions to the comments of `` Sulamith '' on the Jewish reform movement being promulgated by the Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati . (Filtered Words: 1)
The brothers drove down together in [FILTERED]'s small red sports car , [FILTERED] at the wheel . (Filtered Words: 2)
The most obvious characteristic of contemporary American writing , apart from the beat nonsense , is its cosmopolitanism . (Filtered Words: 0)
They germinate quickly , the tiny plants appearing in a week , and grow along lustily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not good looking , but self-confident and wise so that it made her attractive . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s interests . (Filtered Words: 1)
From the volume standpoint , the total market represented by the sign industry is impressive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here artistic realism involves the audience in an impassioned participation in events whose overtones and implications are transcendent . (Filtered Words: 0)
I love fingerprints '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In certain respects , their task was incomparably greater than ours today , for there was nobody before them to show them the way . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Chicago Press club will fete [FILTERED] , president of the United States Lawn Tennis association , at a cocktail party and buffet supper beginning at 5:30 p.m. tomorrow . (Filtered Words: 1)
For those little men with the short whiskers , shaven polls , and top knots [FILTERED] reserved a special esteem . (Filtered Words: 1)
It seems to me that the prayers of the whole free world must rise like some vast petition to Providence that [FILTERED] vigor and his life remain undiminished through the coming decades . (Filtered Words: 1)
What comes after Trujillo is now the puzzle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Colored fellow named [FILTERED] -- only hand she has working for her now . (Filtered Words: 1)
Many changes involved minor editing and clarification ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
At the very end , when the audience was silent and breathless , a collection was taken and then slowly everyone filed out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Speaking of `` pride '' , he deplored the noncommissioned officer `` whose uniform looks like it belonged to someone who retired in 1940 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Paperweight (Filtered Words: 0)
One is that there sometimes are real although inadequate compensations in growing old . (Filtered Words: 0)
Appropriate experiments showed that this is , indeed , possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
By trying to be both a serious survey of a bygone era and a showcase for today's artists , the program turned out to be a not-quite-perfect example of either . (Filtered Words: 0)
One false move on his part and he would be a dead man . (Filtered Words: 0)
The enterprising program is heard Saturday afternoons on radio station [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The only extended view possible to anyone less tall than the fences was that obtained from an upper bough of the apple tree . (Filtered Words: 0)
As shown earlier in Table 1 , the several cities and towns use widely varied fiscal and tax collection calendars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirteen Italian airmen who went to the Congo to serve the cause of peace under the United Nations banner have instead met violent death at the hands of Congolese troops supposedly their friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
I want you here . (Filtered Words: 0)
In looking as far back as Moses , thence to Cromwell , Napoleon , Lincoln , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] , Montgomery attempts to trace the stirrings and qualities of great men . (Filtered Words: 2)
The heavy glass didn't break , but the top flew off ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The place was quiet . (Filtered Words: 0)
You've probably given a lot of Christmas-season thought to the guns in your rack , but it's not easy to decide on a new one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Garrison , Massachusetts born of [FILTERED] parentage , was by temperament and conviction a reformer . (Filtered Words: 1)
Poor George ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It separates two or more numbers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Approved , [FILTERED] '' (Filtered Words: 1)
Even in areas where political connotations are ( deliberately ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Mama always felt that the collection symbolized Mrs. [FILTERED]'s wish for a little girl . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone's head , where the worthiest spirits reside . (Filtered Words: 0)
O'Banion was born in poverty , the son of an immigrant Irish plasterer , in the North Side's [FILTERED] , close by the Sicilian quarter and Death Corner . (Filtered Words: 1)
I tried my hardest , with little help , may I say , from my husband and leading man , but somehow the outside pressures were too severe . (Filtered Words: 0)
The actual function of patristic communism was adequately set forth by St. Gregory almost a millenium before More wrote Utopia . (Filtered Words: 0)
He inserted the car key in the lock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus science is the savior of mankind , and in this respect Childhood's End only blueprints in greater detail the vision of the future which , though not always so directly stated , has nevertheless been present in the minds of most science-fiction writers . (Filtered Words: 0)
No man's name brought more cheers when it was announced in a rodeo . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the motion toward it brings disaster . (Filtered Words: 0)
This `` family-community '' spirit is the real explanation of the marvel of our achievement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
Up to date she is a grand-looking filly . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a big project , not to be taken lightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
These conceptions and the manner in which they were transposed into poetry or engendered by poetic form are intrinsic to western life from the time of Aeschylus to that of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet if he were not there , they would have missed him , as they would have missed the sounds of bees buzzing against the screen door in early June ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
My hotel rooms on the trip were arranged by [FILTERED] and the Japan Travel Bureau and were more elegant than I would have chosen , but it was fun for once to be elegant -- I did explain to the students , however , that this was not my usual style , for their salaries are very small , and it seemed out of place for me to be housed so well . (Filtered Words: 1)
Or was that after the torso and legs , waist to toe-tips , of the little girl which had grown from his side ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
How can a cat be thin in a fish restaurant ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , vice-president and secretary ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
One Latin American country , Cuba , has become a Soviet bridgehead ninety miles off our coast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Word of his arrival spread through the crowd like a brushfire . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What reason did she give '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
those who feel inferior or insecure engage in these activities more than do well-adjusted children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED]'s words recalled [FILTERED] to his lack of fitness for courting . (Filtered Words: 2)
whereupon [FILTERED] broke down into convulsions of weeping and rushed out of the room , though not out of the Fellowship . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her hand tightened on the receiver . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , all suggestions that some sort of societal responsibility existed for the welfare of the people within the territorial state was strongly resisted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Colorado's Grand Canyon , probably the most famous landmark of the United States , can be the highpoint of your Western vacation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other world premieres will be [FILTERED] Third Symphony and [FILTERED] [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
The car was waiting for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Commissioners at Boston wrote the victims to see their misdeeds and repent or they should `` look upon them as men prepared for slaughter '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A non-contributory plan usually won't pay off for the worker until he retires . (Filtered Words: 0)
He bravely attempts to face this alternative realistically , i.e. , by considering the worst possible outcome , namely , the total domination of the world by Russia within a few years . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did mention in his column the fact that he had received many letters about this and he himself did not understand the networks and the independent local stations' not doing this -- but nothing happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` (Filtered Words: 0)
Something I had simply never thought of . (Filtered Words: 0)
Continuing with the case in which **zg is a Af curve on a quadric Q , we first observe that the second regulus of Q consists precisely of the lines which join the two free intersections of **zg and the planes through any one of the multiple secants . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor were his manners barbaric . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cattle were inclined to remain in a territory with which they were acquainted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , thanks '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For it is the family that , in China , has always provided social security for the indigent , the sick , the down-and-out members of the clan . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Minneapolis , Minn. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But one does not have to affirm the existence of an evil order irredeemable in that sense , or a static order in which no changes will take place in time , to be able truthfully to affirm the following fact : there has never been justitia imprinted in social institutions and social relationships except in the context of some pax-ordo preserved by clothed or naked force . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wailed . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I am a slave ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The Conseil even treated the serious matter of British aggression as its business and , on its own authority , sent to disaffected savages merchandise `` suitable for the peltry trade '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Peak action photography is your goal at Miami's Seaquarium and the Cypress Gardens waterskiing events . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] glancing at the miniature case , knew there would not be enough in it for the shortest of stays ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
But in looking at [FILTERED] against his background in Mississippi and the South , it is important not to lose the broader perspective . (Filtered Words: 1)
The most bizarre situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was one thing that he had to stress , and that was that the contribution to the general church expenses , the dollar money , had been seriously falling behind in this church , and that must be looked after immediately . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cars must have had their gas pedals pushed down to the floor boards . (Filtered Words: 0)
There remains , of course , the question of what the West can do beyond diplomatic protest to prevent the illegal efforts from becoming accomplished facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since April 15 , 1962 , is on Sunday your return for the calendar year 1961 will be timely filed if it is filed on or before Monday , April 16 , 1962 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the continuing charm of the other children -- [FILTERED] in 1940 and [FILTERED] in 1944 -- and all John's success at his work only made Edythe's dizziness and general uselessness more glaring . (Filtered Words: 2)
It seems reasonable that if general nuclear war is not to be one cataclysmic act of burning each other's citizens to cinders , we must have a manned strategic force of long-endurance aircraft capable of going into China or Russia to find and destroy their strategic forces which continued to threaten us . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had he found the meaning too late ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I hadn't chosen medicine -- it had chosen me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't pretend . (Filtered Words: 0)
What disaster struck the Discovery during those seventeen months ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Where his predecessors had glowered , [FILTERED] smiled . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some men have no talent for or interest in management ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he went back for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Clearly the most provocative plays are all imported originals -- A Taste Of Honey , by Britain's young ( 19 when she wrote it ) [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Camels in Tripoli had harelips . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sweat popped out over him and he felt the slick between his palm and the stick grip . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a college of propaganda (Filtered Words: 0)
they rode at a measured pace through the valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it was [FILTERED] who first started the idea of a regular course in Music at Spelman College . (Filtered Words: 1)
When the `` dot '' and `` tip '' coincide , the classification used in this paper is `` Same schedule '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The corporation was formed by the Reynolds Metal Co. and the [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] firm , a Philadelphia builder , for work in the project . (Filtered Words: 2)
Cartoons were drawn full size , after sketches had been made to satisfy all the authorities . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My name is [FILTERED] , missy . (Filtered Words: 1)
These voters view the political process as a secret conspiracy , the object of which is to plunder them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should not everyone have been awakened to it as an outstanding fact of our time that the nations poisoned by anti-Semitism proved less fortunate in regard to their own freedom than those whose citizens saved their Jewish compatriots from the transports ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of isolating the literal flatness by specifying and circumscribing it , the pasted paper or cloth releases and spreads it , and the artist seems to have nothing left but this undepicted flatness with which to finish as well as start his picture . (Filtered Words: 0)
and quality of advice , added to devotion to the Foundation's purposes and ideals , we do get from our Advisory Board in measures so full that they can be appreciated only by those of us who work here every day . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was nearly thirty at the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Scared the hell out of him '' , Kahler grinned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grazie had a small , slick head and her hair and skin were the color of golden toast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tears burned behind his eyes as he prayed and meditated tonight . (Filtered Words: 0)
If this was in fact Mr. [FILTERED]'s intention he has achieved a notable failure . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some excellent filmstrips with recordings and motion pictures may be secured from your denominational headquarters to enrich the class session . (Filtered Words: 0)
You need her even more than you need him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One family bound wounds with bacon or salt pork strips , or , if these were not handy , plain lard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of majestic build , rubicund and slash-mouthed , he resembled the late General [FILTERED] , who was said to be the most imposing general of his century , if not of all centuries . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then the man he saved turned and looked squarely into the truck driver's face , without saying a word . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty said , `` Okay '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were to be kept on , to hold in the 32 souls . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was in them that Miss [FILTERED] was at her best . (Filtered Words: 1)
Under another law , hundreds of farms were seized . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was the new advertising angle -- something about a Lloyd's of London policy to insure the secrecy of the secret ingredient . (Filtered Words: 0)
There should be no draft exemption because of Peace Corps service . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no charge and no state aid . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'd cleaned her up some , of course , and she'd pretty much slept off her drunk . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , in the half-year left before reaching their destination , the men would carry out whatever preparations were needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
If it is an honest feeling , then why should she not yield to it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This whole tendency had an unfortunate effect on Chinese thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed it is possible to separate electron paramagnetic from nuclear effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Speaking of his work with [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] says , `` Our working habits were strange . (Filtered Words: 2)
Retirement policies (Filtered Words: 0)
He started by making free sketches to loosen up his thinking so that images would appear on paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was cold all right , and wet . (Filtered Words: 0)
What we need to realize is that the increasingly great contamination of the atmosphere by the Soviet tests had radically increased our own moral obligations . (Filtered Words: 0)
This confuses me no end . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its rotunda forms a perfect circle whose diameter is equal to the height from the floor to the ceiling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both knew that when trains stopped at Texan crossroads bored soldiers would sometimes enter to ask the passengers if they had any reading material to spare , even a newspaper . (Filtered Words: 0)
He and Sarpsis planned a great parade with the young men . (Filtered Words: 0)
Overnight , for one thing , [FILTERED]'s film multiplied the standard running time of movies by ten . (Filtered Words: 1)
set production ( excluding those destined for the export market ) also ran ahead in the early months , but was curtailed after the usual vacation shutdowns in the face of growing evidence that some of the early production plans had been overly optimistic . (Filtered Words: 0)
As far as they were aware , the Connecticut Association of Real Estate Boards had not officially opposed the bill's passage or lobbied in its support . (Filtered Words: 0)
It made no difference that most evidence points to an opposite conclusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Police laboratory technicians said the explosive device , containing either TNT or nitroglycerine , was apparently placed under the left front wheel . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hall was empty and Alex beckoned ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Her hat had come off and fallen behind her shoulders , held by the string , and he could see her face more clearly than he had at any time before . (Filtered Words: 0)
The integrals ( in units ) are listed in table 14-1 , below . (Filtered Words: 0)
She would one day be grateful to the patient drone of the sub-conscious-level instruction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Commissioner replies (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] manufactured plastic tongue depressors . (Filtered Words: 1)
I love fingerprints '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet the violent immediacy of the wallpaper strips pasted to the paper , and the only lesser immediacy of block capitals that simulate window lettering , manage somehow to push the grape cluster back into place on the picture plane so that it does not `` jump '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under [FILTERED] , 78th Congress , the Federal Government assumed responsibility for 100% of necessary State expenditures in connection with administration and the counseling and placement of the disabled , and for 50% of the necessary costs of providing clients with rehabilitation case services . (Filtered Words: 1)
Though the number of people flowing in and out of our metropolitan areas each day has increased tremendously since World War 2 , , total annual rail commutation dropped 124 million for 1947 to 1957 . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the year that followed , [FILTERED] co-operated whole-heartedly with the dentist and was delighted with the final result achieved -- an upper row of strong straight teeth that completely changed his facial appearance . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fall slowly forward onto the hands and let the body down to rest on the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the extent that a language is formulaic , its individual components must be regarded as no more distinguished than other cliches . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he insisted that it be housed in a special museum . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is no surprising trait for a ballplayer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan and his corps were placed on the west side of the Schuylkill River , with instructions to intercept all supplies found going to the city and to keep a close eye on the movements of the enemy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Holmes rebels against the social conventions of his day not on moral but rather on aesthetic grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
This latter failure is more than merely bad reportage and it is distinctly more important than it would have been had the author drawn Clerfayt as , say , a tournament golfer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strong hands act ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As a first step toward this goal , arrangements were worked out for comparing the scales now in use through circulation of a group of standard platinum resistance thermometers for calibration by each national laboratory . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when she called he had thought better of the matter and decided not to involve himself in a new entanglement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guy is off his rocker , Haney thought to himself , and looked away from those eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
All sizes : big ones , some wired to set off a whole field , little ones , hand grenade size . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
Since our viewpoints in this respect coincided precisely , we present the fruits of our efforts herewith as a single social code for pool owners . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no weapon Early could not take apart and reassemble blind-folded . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] would -- (Filtered Words: 1)
If the UN troops are not mercenaries then the Hessians were not mercenaries either . (Filtered Words: 0)
What disaster struck the Discovery during those seventeen months ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Take a full month '' , the doctor had said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Presiding Elder looked him over rather carefully . (Filtered Words: 0)
What killed them '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Drawing and models were his thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Big and dark , a melting , golden brown . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Blueprints for doubling the CDC's present 55,000 enrollment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter tried to arbitrate through a delegation from Providence , which offer was declined by the invaders . (Filtered Words: 0)
The six expeditions to study eclipses of the sun , of which he was a member , took him to Colorado , Virginia , and California as well as to the South Pacific and to Russia . (Filtered Words: 0)
And as for his pipe , if he wanted to smoke one , nobody would stop him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has made it his , and his it remains , irrevocably . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was juvenile ridicule . (Filtered Words: 0)
The customer costs (Filtered Words: 0)
You may amaze yourself and acquire a real knack for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could all be straightened out later . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dependable [FILTERED] engine was never stopped on these trips . (Filtered Words: 1)
I had had my name taken out of the telephone book , and this was partly because of a convict who had been discharged from [FILTERED] and who called me night after night . (Filtered Words: 1)
The serum was measured volumetrically and subsequently dialyzed in the cold for at least 24 hr against three to four changes , approximately 750 ml each , of `` starting buffer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men crying love poems in an orchard on any summer's night are as often as not the lutihaw , mustachioed toughs who spend most of their lives in and out of the local prisons , brothels , and teahouses . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Look '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You've give me the wrong change '' , said the customer sharply . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Deep Peep Show '' (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s teeth have now been guided into a desirable new position . (Filtered Words: 1)
she let the interpretation stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
You won't be needing this '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the one hand , there is a sense of not having moved beyond the ambiance of their high school . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we never know how long a scene is going to take '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Must have cost plenty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eighty thousand won top honors and a chance to try for the team itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had come to a decision . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told her of the visitors and then of his plans . (Filtered Words: 0)
Detente urged (Filtered Words: 0)
The lines are asymmetric and over the range of field Af gauss and temperature Af the asymmetry increases with increasing Af and decreasing T . (Filtered Words: 0)
but I do know that he gave the day tone and distinction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The true artist is like one of those scientists who , from a single bone can reconstruct an animal's entire body . (Filtered Words: 0)
No attempts to measure the radio emission of the remaining planets have been reported , and , because of their distances , small diameters , or low temperatures , the thermal radiation at radio wave lengths reaching the earth from these sources is expected to be of very low intensity . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We '' were [FILTERED] of the National Geographic Illustrations Staff , whose three cameras and eight lenses made him look as formidable as any fighting man we met ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
And His glory is flooding my soul '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consultation with a reputable wine dealer and constant experimentation -- `` steering ever from the known to the unknown '' -- are the requisites . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw holes in planes at the airport and in cars in the streets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Few will quarrel with the aim of the schools or with the wording of their curriculum . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did you tell him all this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
An old man , sitting against the wall of a cottage and waiting for the sun to find him , gave her a more than reflective look as she passed , the sap still plainly rising in his branches . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I appreciate it , you do that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] cursed again , and entered the barn . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] and I had been innocent in our love , and that was the way I wanted to keep it . (Filtered Words: 1)
I liked her , and all at once I was glad she was there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , those could be commodities under this concept . (Filtered Words: 0)
An electrostatic system suffers generally from image plane curvature leading to defocusing in the peripheral image region if a flat viewing screen ( or interstage coupler ) is utilized , while a magnetic system requires accurate adjustment of the solenoid , which is heavy and bulky . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the major portions of the total costs of a utility business are common or joint to all , or nearly all , classes of customers ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] hit Washington with a TV announcer's grin and a hearty handclasp . (Filtered Words: 1)
With contemporary English changing with the rapidity that marks this jet age , some of the words and phrases of the new version may themselves soon become archaic . (Filtered Words: 0)
A kerosene shampoo seems a heroic treatment , but it did the job . (Filtered Words: 0)
the result was his inevitable bedazzlement through , ignorance . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we have lots of other New Orleans specialties . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the information cell for Af has been determined , it is saved as a representation of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is well liked by the children and faculty . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The county , though , seems more interested in those people who don't even try , those who sit and draw welfare checks and line up for surplus food '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One would not expect such an event to occur in animals possessing lungs of types 1 , or 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today however , the `` outsider '' is likely to have professional qualifications of the highest order ( otherwise the college would not be interested in hiring him ) and to be acclimatized to the democratic processes of the secular or state university . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rexroth is a longtime jazz buff , a name-dropper of jazz heroes , and a student of traditional as well as modern jazz . (Filtered Words: 0)
The staff utilized the collected material in these registries for numerous lectures to national and international meetings , exhibits , and published studies . (Filtered Words: 0)
( opposite page , right top ) : Stoneware clay was used . (Filtered Words: 0)
What that spirit and attitude were we can best understand if we see more precisely how it contrasts with the communist tradition with the longest continuous history , the one which reached Christianity by the way of Stoicism through the Church Fathers of Late Antiquity . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] studied piano ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
She had assumed before then that one day he would ask her to marry him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Kennedy Administration had assured [FILTERED] that it would have nothing to do with associates of Dictator Batista . (Filtered Words: 1)
The parties were on the whole unprepared for elections , while the people were still experiencing post-independence let-down and suffering the after-effects of poor harvests in 1957 . (Filtered Words: 0)
On November 24th , they had made a raid on [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] was laid up with a bad cold . (Filtered Words: 1)
Land reform is likely to be a pressing issue in many of these countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Absolution for his lie ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Virdon has been blasting the ball . (Filtered Words: 0)
The terms `` renewal '' and `` refreshed '' , which often come up in aesthetic discussion , seem partly to derive their import from the `` renewal '' of purpose and a `` refreshed '' sense of significance a person may receive from poetry , drama , and fiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Men have always lived in a tentative world , and in suspension of ultimate judgments where and when necessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will you be out in the market place with some of these sales-building new products ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The importance of loving tenderness is obvious . (Filtered Words: 0)
I thought she must be seeing me as some one who had just come from seeing her grandmother , in their distant home-city . (Filtered Words: 0)
No signs of these , no gross hemorrhage of lungs , heart , brain or stomach '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , in the same three-month period , toll-road bonds , as a group , have bucked this trend . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is usually helpful to make a sketch map in the field , showing the size and location of the features of interest and to take photographs at the site . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Shotguns , '61 (Filtered Words: 0)
Measurements of skins are of little value ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He belonged to a social club , a civic group , little theater , swimming team , and had been president of the student forum as well as treasurer of the science club . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why didn't he want you to get hitched '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Their roar , like the swelling volume of a hundred tornadoes could be heard for miles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thin legs twitched convulsively once , then [FILTERED] felt the little body stiffening in her arms and heard one strangled sound . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Albany Civic Opera's presentation of [FILTERED]'s immortal Il Sevigli del Spegititgninino , with guest contralto [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Sleep was difficult these days . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know you've got talent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The books are carried around by truck in canvas bags from headquarters to the other libraries . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was back at the organ . (Filtered Words: 1)
The biography of Lord [FILTERED] is strictly speaking not a biography at all . (Filtered Words: 1)
Although the first polyether foams on the market had to be produced by the two-step prepolymer method , today , thanks to new catalysts , they can be produced by a one-shot technique . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] retiring soon , as hinted , he ain't talking -- yet . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ringing the ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
acquire secret processes , technical data , inventions , patent applications , patents , licenses , land and interests in land ( including water rights ) , plants and facilities , and other property or rights by purchase , license , lease , or donation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Practically everybody in Berlin has relatives and friends that live in the opposite part of the city . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their reason : Holmes once paid a $20 speeding fine , had his license suspended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is 70 years old . (Filtered Words: 1)
He would cross to Manhattan , to Harlem Heights , before morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was still sound asleep ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Splendid . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew that anything a brainy little lady like her had to say would be plumb important , as well as pleasin' to the ear , and he didn't want to miss a word of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the matter , [FILTERED] , you scared of me ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Moreover , the shortage of treatment resources and the chronically persistent shortage of mental health manpower force us to innovate additional refinements of preventive intervention techniques to make services more widely available -- and on a more effective basis to more people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pictures can be taken in the public areas and when on tours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Work on Volume 2 , was begun in 1941 , interrupted by the war in 1942 , and resumed in 1945 . (Filtered Words: 0)
you may attend mass , do penance , say prayers and zealously keep all the sacraments and ceremonies of the church ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
she directed all of her mental and physical energy toward achieving this one goal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both you and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ordinary politeness may have militated against this opinion being stated so badly but anyone with a wide acquaintance in both groups and who has sat through the many round tables , workshops or panel discussions -- whatever they are called -- on this subject will recognize that the final , boiled down crux of the matter is education . (Filtered Words: 0)
I remember [FILTERED] in the foyer , shouting in his high-pitched voice : `` it may be a tour de force , mais mon [FILTERED] , can anyone take this music seriously '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
After trimming off the excess on the frames and transom which was used to fasten them to the jig at a working height , the top of the side planking is installed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be recalled from the discussion in Section 7 that the position of the `` right '' , as represented by [FILTERED] , rests on the following thesis : The only tenable alternative to Bultmann's position is a theology that ( 1 ) rejects or at least qualifies his unconditioned demand for demythologization and existential interpretation ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
This brings us to the fact that the realities we are dealing with lie not in the field of civil legislation , but in the realm of conscience and religion : They are moral judgments and matters of theological belief . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took him by the shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not your problem , of course , unless Johnston and the murderer are one and the same '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fringe of housing and gardens bearded the top of the heights , and behind it were sandy roads leading past farms and hayfields . (Filtered Words: 0)
That which is born of the flesh is flesh ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His best mile to date is 2:28-:33 . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the divinities present and our souls in place , we were wished health , happiness , and power . (Filtered Words: 0)
His other activities are not so easily recovered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the most likely producers of detectable radio line spectra are the light diatomic hydrides OH and CH ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Ripe Geometric potters continued to employ the old syntax of ornaments and shapes and made use of the well-defined though limited range of motifs which they had inherited . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was all too wearying . (Filtered Words: 0)
there was not a match-width of damp mark to show they were receding . (Filtered Words: 0)
There seems to be no purpose in life that is sure -- no certain guiding principles to give stability . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew that . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he is not told which of four or five readings was meant for him , he can more readily assess each item in a larger frame : `` Does that statement really sound as if it were for me , significant in my particular life ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was applied with a compost shredder made from a converted manure spreader . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is hope , for Conservation Commissioner Bontempo has tagged the sanctuary as the kind of place the state hopes to include in its program to double its park space . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the summer he had tried to repair some of his losses at the track , and the bare trees reminded him that his pari-mutuel tickets would still be lying , like leaves , in the gutters near Belmont and Saratoga . (Filtered Words: 0)
One tiny detail in a happening can clog the memory and stick like meat in a crooked tooth , while the rest of the occurrence will go hazy and uncertain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Body heat in the close quarters will help keep up the temperature . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somebody heaved a stone . (Filtered Words: 0)
To document his charge , Pike set up two parallel columns in The Advocate showing the price charged by The [FILTERED] and the considerably lower price for which the work could be done elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Anniston catcher screamed . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thought it was sometime during the second week she worked for Stanley . (Filtered Words: 0)
rather on the medium side . (Filtered Words: 0)
business organization -- the corporation -- was analyzed in contractual terms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He handed the bayonet to [FILTERED] and kept the pistol . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Why , what a lovely voice you have '' , said one of the female visitors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Few things are more perilous for the State Department than a displeased congressman . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Providence Daily Post's editor wrote that he could not believe that a meeting honoring [FILTERED] was to be held in Providence . (Filtered Words: 1)
My head was clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
He demanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was first believed the bomb was rigged to the car's starter . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All platforms are meaningless : the program of either party is what lies in the vision and conscience of the candidate the party chooses to lead it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He seemed to be fighting not one man but a dozen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion can summate , epitomize , relate , and conserve all the highest ideals and values -- ethical , aesthetic , and religious -- of man formed in his culture . (Filtered Words: 0)
How was he to suspect that an assassin had been lurking somewhere across the street waiting for just such a chance ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One kind of proprietorship (Filtered Words: 0)
The nigger boy was close behind him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most Romans , even some postmen , know it by the old name . (Filtered Words: 0)
In total , these increases in operating costs outweigh the savings that result from declining programs and from economy measures , such as reduced numbers of units and installations , smaller inventories of major equipment , and improvements in the supply and distribution systems of the Armed Forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
The instrumental method , however , is about 100 times more sensitive and yields numerical results which can be accurately repeated at will over a period of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
She could do no wrong at the tables that time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The people of Katanga had fought for , and obtained , their freedom from the Communist yoke of [FILTERED] , and his cohorts . (Filtered Words: 1)
Funds from dances (Filtered Words: 0)
These poured through the gate and joined the flight . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the brigadier dines on the birds with relish . (Filtered Words: 0)
A couple of the males made good comedy , too -- [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
There are a number of other considerations besides this one but it is for the Congress , not the Department of Justice , to balance these various considerations and make a judgment about legislation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was looking out on the dark waters of the Lake when I came upon him and without wasting words I smacked him hard across the face . (Filtered Words: 0)
each day the hurt was a little duller , a little less poignant . (Filtered Words: 0)
If in a town of 2,000 private homes , half of them have shelters , the need for the community shelters will be reduced to that extent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , eager to have him allied with the family , wanted advice beyond the confines of his field , and [FILTERED] set out on a serious study of the situation , including trips to Wisconsin and Washington . (Filtered Words: 2)
But the secret itself was just as hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of Tunisia and [FILTERED] of Ireland were early favorites in the running , but France didn't like the former and the Soviet Union would have none of the latter . (Filtered Words: 2)
Why trust [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
They hope that if history vouchsafes the West another Budapest , we will receive the opportunity gladly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She was mighty good to you past times , an' this'll fetch her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The triangles automatically revolve in a cycle which permits 9 sec. of viewing time for each poster subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor did a constellation's stars vary in brightness during the course of their nocturnal flights . (Filtered Words: 0)
The experiments of Romagnosi and others have already been noted but no one had determined the cause-and-effect relationship between these two primary forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Physiologist [FILTERED] flatly dismisses such appetite depressants as the amphetamines ( Benzedrine , Dexedrine ) as dangerous `` crutches for a weak will '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Just as I know I would make a bad soldier even though I cannot sincerely call myself a pacifist , so too I would not be either a hangman by profession or , if I could avoid it , even a member of a hanging jury . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the south it ended sharply as though the lava had been cut off there suddenly . (Filtered Words: 0)
So did Poet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since moving from a Chicago suburb to Southern California a few months ago , I've been introduced to a new game called Lanesmanship . (Filtered Words: 0)
New officers of the church will be ordained and installed at the 7:30 p.m. service . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You might set up a dress shop in the living room '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now don't shut this door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Isaac ( Hoot Mon-Goddess Hanover ) , 2:30.3-:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As the child addresses the shepherd in a dream , light -- in the form of the major mode -- begins to appear , and at the moment of the miracle we hear a clear and shining D major . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rhode Island's rate of $.07 per mile is considerably lower than reimburseable rates in the federal government and in industry nationally which approximate a $.09 per mile average . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
' know enough to sue ' (Filtered Words: 0)
They were engulfed by the weird silence , broken only by the low , angry murmur of the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- But let him be ready to invent whatever falsehood -- to assail whatever character -- and to prostitute his paper to whatever ends -- and they hug him to their heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , C' obviously meets any line Af in a single point . (Filtered Words: 0)
A rabbit punch redoubled him . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a while the signal became a buzz and I knew he was behind me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lumpe errs (Filtered Words: 0)
The state presently owns 389 passenger vehicles in comparison to approximately 200 in 1940 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Generally , however , in such marriages as those cited , the husband is at his wife's mercy . (Filtered Words: 0)
or allowing a deduction for payment of certain obligations of a transferor assumed in the reorganization ( section 381(c)(16) ) , but not a deduction for theft losses sustained by a transferor prior to a reorganization but discovered after it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Senate Republican Leader [FILTERED] ( Ill. ) and House Republican Leader [FILTERED] ( Ind. ) said the message did not persuade them to change their opposition to compulsory medical insurance . (Filtered Words: 2)
He was a loud-voiced man , once vigorous but for many years now declining in strength and ability . (Filtered Words: 0)
For many years a state tax on cities and towns was paid by the several municipalities to the state from the proceeds of the general property tax . (Filtered Words: 0)
Death ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
There have been many extremely competent men who have been converted into very incompetent managers or submerged in paper work , to their own and the public's dissatisfaction and loss . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both cars were slightly damaged . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is my town . (Filtered Words: 0)
You've treated your stay here like a big joke . (Filtered Words: 0)
Henrietta's feeling of identity with [FILTERED] was crowned by her discovery of the coincidence that Sara's epitaph in the Jewish cemetery in Venice referred to her as `` the Sulamite '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Miss Upton and [FILTERED] , as a matter of fact , had many tastes in common . (Filtered Words: 1)
And of course the Soviet threat was responsible for NATO , the grand alliance of the Atlantic nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it not ironical that [FILTERED] state , Rhode Island , should have been the very last of the forty-eight to establish a state university ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The nice-looking young officer fell back on his heels , open-mouthed and blushing . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was unlikely that any girl as sharp as [FILTERED] would believe it without proof . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had plunged into the dark woods beyond . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every decision was made quickly on sound grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the problem of consumer acceptability remains . (Filtered Words: 0)
The qualifications to vote were kept very simple . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nonmagical Confucianism was a secular , rational philosophy , but even with this different orientation it could not escape from the ethos of a cosmic government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now let's make sure they're Japs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And most of the gain will be in self-unloading vehicles '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , founder and board chairman of the Uncas Mfg. Co. , has been designated a Cavaliere of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Italy . (Filtered Words: 1)
Right now , however , he was still too worried about [FILTERED] , and the gun that had no bullets , and the story [FILTERED] had told him , to care too much about [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
This recommendation was based on the fact that the hymen was not the only barrier to smooth consummation of the sex act . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conceivably the submarine defense problem can be solved by sufficient forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Government also is aiding farmers' income prospects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Federal responsibility for education of the citizens . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was all . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We grok God '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be a free front-back swing of the leg , leading to a sideways swing of the arm that develops into a turn and the sensation of taking off from the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
He strong as a bull but gentle as a baby . (Filtered Words: 0)
Add ham ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Their roar , like the swelling volume of a hundred tornadoes could be heard for miles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each tape file must be described by Tape File Specifications , produced by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The girl was in critical condition with burns over 90 per cent of her body . (Filtered Words: 0)
At once a bevy of dogs was snapping and snarling around him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was decided to strip the whole area down to the bricks , and to replace the rough coats up to one inch thickness to agree with the older artists' preparation , with a mortar , one part slaked lime , three parts sand , to be put on in two layers . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
You go . (Filtered Words: 0)
For it had turned out , by a further paradox of Cubism , that the means to an illusion of depth and plasticity had now become widely divergent from the means of representation or imaging . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll bet . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's your headache . (Filtered Words: 0)
Using a cheap brush , coat one side of the bottom with the resin and then apply the cloth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who ain't '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Will that pay for a pint I can take with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
And that's how Papa's estate was divided . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's she doing in this bunch '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He sat down on the bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
On July 20 , the first drawing of numbers occurred in the Senate Office Building before a distinguished group of congressmen and high Army officers . (Filtered Words: 0)
To cite only a few examples : The wrong man in the wrong position , perhaps even in a junior position abroad , can be a source of great harm to our policy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They do not move to Chicago , they move to the South Side ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This sort of petty vigilance annoyed me . (Filtered Words: 0)
A volume market (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
To do so , he finds it necessary to examine the relevant parts of the phonology thoroughly and in detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington Square seems not part of a free land . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- feed at level for 2 or 3 days . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Um '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Um '' , said the old lady , and brought her eyes down to the tray . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was telephoning . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not make out , but he knew that again she was scratching her nose . (Filtered Words: 0)
It finally reached Broadway in the second and successful version of `` Strike Up The Band '' in 1929 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Armed with letters from embassies to ministers of countries , especially those in the near and far east , Mrs. [FILTERED] `` will beat the bushes for oriental talent '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , abandoning the studies in the face of their promising outlook for all concerned , B. & O. entered on-again-off-again negotiations with C. & O. which resulted in the present situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Further money is saved through economy in bookkeeping and clerical detail as the result of central billing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the new offering , only $60 million in debentures are convertible into 923,076 common shares . (Filtered Words: 0)
they do symbolically what they once had to do concretely . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
( E. G. Erdos , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ) seed proteins (Filtered Words: 4)
These proposals would go far toward creating the economic atmosphere favoring growth of the individual , who , in turn , would help us to cope with runaway technology . (Filtered Words: 0)
of course , they do not reflect sincerity , but they exhibit a concern to make a good job out of his pious impersonation . (Filtered Words: 0)
On home sets children were watching the death throes of men who were shot before the paredon , the firing wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Look , an old man . (Filtered Words: 0)
They kept up a rigid pretense of speaking relations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The principal speaker will be Senator [FILTERED] , Democrat of Missouri . (Filtered Words: 1)
He listed what he had spent for `` My own diet in London eighteen weeks , in which I was sick a month ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Military knowledge , love of detail , and a sure feeling for the portrayal of action were the added ingredients . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most damaging tsunami on record followed the famous Lisbon earthquake of November 1 , 1755 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Blackman called the porter and had him remove everything but one bottle of brandy , and after that they would have a cocktail or two before dinner , or , on one of their walking trips , beer , or , in France and Italy , wine in moderation . (Filtered Words: 0)
I guess you're right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , another test of the questionaire was made . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another remedy was oil of eucalyptus , used as well for chilblains . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each dancer follows the ancient Oriental pattern -- she glides sideways with shoulders motionless while her stomach migrates , and , through breathing and muscle control , she sends ripples across her body to the fingertips and away to the far end of the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was unlocked all the time she was washing windows . (Filtered Words: 0)
the three-front war (Filtered Words: 0)
If they are to be commended for foresight in their planning , what then is the judgment of a town council that compounds this problem during the planning stage ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The central city areas , in other words , exhibit the two characteristics which violate the life principle of congregations of the major denominations : they have too few middle-class people ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and then I came to some sanity and plunged away with such extraordinary speed that I outdistanced [FILTERED] by far . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Time '' , said [FILTERED] , and he smiled very sweet and slow at Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was much the same with pleasure boating at first . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We can breathe out there , all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dairy truck driver ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who transfer their membership are no exception to the rule . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt no conflict between what I was doing and my strict religious upbringing . (Filtered Words: 0)
A new order is thrusting itself into being . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just how many sub secrets were being handed over when the ring , watched for six months , was broken remained untold . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be made in three waves -- the first to lay down a smokescreen , the second to drop the gas bombs , the third to shower incendiaries which would burn everything below . (Filtered Words: 0)
The objective should be to provide a method of getting into print a higher percentage than is now possible of the relevant information in the possession of reporters and editors . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was very tanned -- big hands might have torn him from a Coca-Cola poster . (Filtered Words: 0)
He flung off Lord's hand and attempted to push past him , inadvertently shoving him into a storefront . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How do you do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , without knowing why , she found herself running from them , fleeing wildly through the trees , dodging her own shadows until she came to a little hollow in the rocky ground with a big stone in the center behind which she knelt and hid , listening to the madness of her heart and wanting for once to cry . (Filtered Words: 0)
When these fields are surveyed together , important patterns of relationship emerge indicating a vast community of reciprocal influence , a continuity of thought and expression including many traditions , primarily literary , religious , and philosophical , but frequently including contact with the fine arts and even , to some extent , with science . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the fate of such men has tragic relevance because it is public . (Filtered Words: 0)
In some neighborhood in the f-plane of any ordinary point of the graph , the function f is a single-valued , continuous function . (Filtered Words: 0)
Already , however , several of the turnpikes are earning enough to cover interest requirements by comfortable margins . (Filtered Words: 0)
whereupon [FILTERED] broke down into convulsions of weeping and rushed out of the room , though not out of the Fellowship . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sec. 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
High Standard has introduced a (Filtered Words: 0)
There are many ways of making a kedgeree , every one of which is right . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was really no place to go , finally , except home to Mae . (Filtered Words: 0)
These ripples spread out in symmetrical patterns like the rose windows of a great cathedral . (Filtered Words: 0)
The exoneration Pearson speaks of is not an exoneration , but [FILTERED]'s expression of her opinion , as reported in the testimony of Assistant Marshal Fleet . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was more excited than frightened at the prospect of having her first child in a foreign land . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- You heard me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first eight of these eighteen statements , which received at least one-half of the votes , were duplicated to form an analysis checklist for the particular manager , and when this particular manager roleplayed in other situations , the members checked any items that appeared . (Filtered Words: 0)
The vision of a Lord [FILTERED] expressed in a poem 100 years ago took visible form over London in the air blitzes of 1941 . (Filtered Words: 1)
But [FILTERED] was invading Scotland for precisely the same reason , and his insubordinate vassal was the ally of the king of France . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Prime Minister paid his respects to the Buddhist monks , strode rapidly among the houses , joked with the local soldiery , and made a speech . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boat prices vary according to the buyer's desires or needs . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stepped back to let him slump to the ground , and then dived over him through the open door into [FILTERED] who was cursing loudly and trying to drag a gun from a shoulder holster , somewhat impeded by the steering wheel . (Filtered Words: 2)
In the starlight he could see the trees stripped of their leaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
The assumptions upon which the example shown in Figure 3 is based are : ( A ) One man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinates are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal coaching , indoctrinating , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of late years , I find that I like best to work out-of-doors . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's only one thing to move him fast , and we have it right here in this very store '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't think anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
they provide stimulations that lead to further production . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one was ever educated through bull-sessions in anything other than , to quote him again , `` perfumed bullshit . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the door she turned back , her Roman nose looking very long now and satiric . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the U.S.'s island base of Okinawa , Task Force 116 , made up of Army , Navy , Marine and Air Force units , got braced to move southward on signal . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be by bank loans , sale of notes or warrants , or by the somewhat casual method of issuance and registration of warrants . (Filtered Words: 0)
A family of five plans to go together either to the beach or to the mountains , and a coin is tossed to decide . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't hard to understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
An enemy might choose an acutely debilitating microorganism , a chronic disease producer or one causing a high rate of lethality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too much dampness in the cellar rots the corks , again with ill effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the impact of a rising rate of household formation this decade should not be exaggerated . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I ain't drawin' against you '' , Jess said thickly . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s eyes widened just a trifle . (Filtered Words: 1)
( B ) more reliable evaluation of the potential of initial outbreaks to cause widespread damage ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Even in its present form , however , the first part of [FILTERED]'s unrecoverable novel is among the greatest works of mid-twentieth century literature ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
( 2 ) Mechanized bunks -- they sit within the feed lot , are filled by a mechanical conveyor above feeding surface ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The tragic stage is a platform extending precariously between heaven and hell . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw with [FILTERED] now that the perfectability of man was a dream . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the vases this spirit may perhaps at times bore or repel one in its internal self-satisfaction , but the best of the Geometric pins have rightly been considered among the most beautiful ever made in the Greek world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Firearms International has introduced another import , this one from Finland . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm honey only to my husband , understand '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the past , it has been the husband who has been dominant and the wife passive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither are shelters , because there is one to meet the needs of every camper or prospective camper . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , in fact , denies that there were any Anglo-Saxon invasions at all other than a minor Jutish foray in A.D. 514 . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` [FILTERED] played magnificent football '' , [FILTERED] praised . (Filtered Words: 2)
Laboratory astrophysics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aids to small business (Filtered Words: 0)
When he turns briefly to literary style , in the Third Book , he again looks to the effect on the audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pony was sidewise to her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where the microscope under visible light may show only vague shadows or nothing at all , ultraviolet illumination and subsequent translation into a color TV picture reveal a wealth of detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
The comic indefinite comprises an extensive class of comedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a few reached our wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
A state , the highest form of human organization in fact and theory , could be subjected to Law only by a manifestation of self-will , or consent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aside from the Ruger carbine , a number of hunting rifles have been introduced for the first time . (Filtered Words: 0)
When all has been said , however , the big branch store remains a major break with history in the development of American retailing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The grand jury commented on a number of other topics , among them the Atlanta and Fulton County purchasing departments which it said `` are well operated and follow generally accepted practices which inure to the best interest of both governments '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Third , the upper portion deals with only two indicators of developmental level , Onset and Completion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somewhere , beyond , where shadows lurked , must be the yawning pit of which Papa preached and the dreadful Lake of Fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
I might not make any money but I'd sure have patients '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
a trillion peas would fill all the houses in a town of about ten thousand people ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He shouted to the pitcher . (Filtered Words: 0)
For by grace you have been saved through faith ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
With Rex Stout's Nero Wolfe , alienation is represented on a purely physical plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
Using the same figures as for the previous example , the equation becomes : Af (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What will we need outside , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
General binomial problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bobbie and [FILTERED] looked magnificent at their wedding . (Filtered Words: 1)
The two men watched as [FILTERED] closed the door behind them , watched them cross the sidewalk to their car . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I have done everything '' , he wrote , `` to break up the whole of that unfortunate establishment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wally was snoring on the davenport . (Filtered Words: 0)
they expired amid indescribable fantods , imploring the Blessed One to forgive their desecration . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has to ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
) Her [FILTERED] lay curled in the sun like a fawn , black hair falling over his eyes . (Filtered Words: 1)
With his head erect , he approached , not glancing at us , and passed by with his clear eyes raised and fixed straight ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the authors give numerous instances of calculated guessing on the patient's part to show how large a role it played in his process of readapting himself and how proficient he became at it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gen. Swing has received public attention before this for abuse of some of the prerogatives of his office . (Filtered Words: 0)
His early poems and some of his prose prolusions speak of wanderings in the city and the neighboring country that may be extended to Cambridge and its surrounding countryside . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wanted him to get into trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Cady appeared slightly mollified . (Filtered Words: 0)
His power was so great that he even promoted and demoted gods according to whether they had given ear or been deaf to petitions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even in areas where political connotations are ( deliberately ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
More important is the simple human point that all men suffer , and that it is a kind of anthropological-religious pride on the part of the Jew to believe that his suffering is more poignant than mine or anyone else's . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , at last '' , she said , because [FILTERED] was clattering down the stairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Twenty minutes after the interruption , although it was still raining , the play was resumed at the point in the fourth act where it had been stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
Men were killed in their camps , at their meals and in their sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is equipped with an outside water gauge that will indicate the level of the water in the wheel . (Filtered Words: 0)
we need 100 in Rhode Island , we have none '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
they are also probably ungrateful for [FILTERED]'s [FILTERED]'s bounty . (Filtered Words: 2)
And millions of rounds of entirely new and modern small-arms ammunition , designed for today's hunting and target shooting . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Held out of Texas Tech's sweat-suits drill Monday at Lubbock was tackle [FILTERED] , who is undergoing treatment for a leg injury suffered in the Raiders' 38-7 loss to Texas A & M Because of its important game with Arkansas coming up Saturday , [FILTERED] worked out in the rain Monday -- mud or no mud . (Filtered Words: 2)
Somehow more terrible than the certainty that he was about to die was the knowledge that Lord would probably not suffer for it : the murder would go unpunished . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'd have starved to death if you'd missed both places '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the young child this may be no more than providing food , light or movement . (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He released her reluctantly for her enthusiastic reunion with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
We seem to be bound by love ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
However , he turned out to be a complete failure in his new position . (Filtered Words: 0)
This in turn sets off an alarm , notifying the observers at the station that a tsunami is in progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] cursed steadily . (Filtered Words: 1)
Proponents of single elements tend to ensure predominance of that element without determining if it is justified , and the element with the most enthusiastic and vociferous proponents has assumed the greatest importance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Getting to and from school was no problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
One swallow was all he would have ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I couldn't face Thelma after that night . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s type of man allowed this sort of thing to happen . (Filtered Words: 1)
They closed in fast , kept him from reaching inside his coat for his gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
Professional responsibility is seen to consist largely in serving the wishes of the client fairly and in an efficient manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a lot of shooting . (Filtered Words: 0)
the physical property values include hardness , melting point , and specific gravity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cemetery slumbered just behind it , and the way lay through the village and close to the sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The Christian Faith ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The absolution of Doaty's last will and testament was proof enough of that ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
'' 353 U. S. , at 607 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Baseball commissioner [FILTERED] has ruled that [FILTERED]'s record will remain official unless it is broken in 154 games . (Filtered Words: 2)
I was born angry . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Kruger's men keep them off balance , and they don't trust me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The real question was how one passed from anti-Semitism of this sort to murder , and the answer to this question is not to be found in anti-Semitism itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
I told him what [FILTERED] had said and he said [FILTERED] was a double-crosser and said anything he ( [FILTERED] ) got was through a keyhole . (Filtered Words: 3)
He had known when he first helped her to meet the right people and work with them that she did not intend to marry him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Um '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If nothing is produced , there is no obligation to repay . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not surprising that , as spokesman for real estate interests , the National Association of Real Estate Boards ( NAREB ) and its local associations have sought to limit and often ignore much of this pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I leave this church with a feeling that a great weight has been lifted off my heart , I have left my grudge at the altar and forgiven my neighbor '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone evidently was on duty there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only rarely is attention given to accurate progress reports and evaluation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He simply would not work his arithmetic problems when the teacher held his class . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Old Crip wasn't '' , retorted Cobb tartly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet they have accepted most of the extant `` welfare state '' provisions for health , security , and the regulation of economic affairs , and they overwhelmingly approve of the traditional `` liberalism '' of the Bill of Rights . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pulsing glow of a cigarette . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not much ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There are a great number and variety of private commercial schools , trade schools and technical schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
bushes swished and scratched at her slacks ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He played basketball there while working toward a law degree . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet whistled softly as he looked at the gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
You will get to come home on long weekends from Hanover , won't you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't feel any . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the recent political campaign two charges were leveled affecting the question of power , and I think we might begin by trying to put them into proper focus . (Filtered Words: 0)
It contracts with outside repair garages for much of the latter work . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the cleaning process , sorbed greasy soils become coated in this manner with an oriented film of surfactant . (Filtered Words: 0)
The general effect is tragic . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
The women have a reputation for giving parties that are different and are fun and this year's promises to follow in this fine tradition . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's only one way they can get out now and that's through the Gap -- if we ride hard we can take them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only an occasional tip turned out to be a phony , and , like the police , [FILTERED] had made a point of running down all such suggestions and he did not hesitate this time . (Filtered Words: 1)
This formula is given by [FILTERED] and Mason . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was used for the addresses outside the Pacific Northwest . (Filtered Words: 1)
Examination of the operations of the shopping center permitted correlation of the 6-hr. composite samples with 24-hr. operations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dulles ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If we go into this Common Market , we might just as well stop talking about Constitutional guarantees , Connally Amendments or , for that matter , conservatism in general . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let him be now '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Although it is in some ways comparable to a voluntary sale of assets for cash , to which section 203 quite clearly applies , the courts and Treasury have held that acquiring corporations in several types of non-taxable reorganizations may sue for refund of taxes paid by transferors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Halleck described it as the most brilliant of the war . (Filtered Words: 0)
After he had finished the first two volumes of his Lincoln , Sandburg went to work assembling a book of songs out of hobo and childhood days and from the memory of songs others had taught him . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a roundup the pushin' of stray cattle of outside brands toward their home range was called `` throwin' over '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recently , WWRL won praise for its expose of particular cases of employment agency deceit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did many of [FILTERED]'s countrymen live in boxcars in the bush ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Foster listened with angelic patience until Digby ran down , then said , `` Listen , junior , you're an angel now -- so forget it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is through such reflection that literature approaches philosophy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He simply walked , not noticing where he was , not caring . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reaction of certain City Council members to California's newest anti-secrecy laws was as dismaying as it was disappointing . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who came into office with no previous experience in public administration , has surrounded himself with confusion which not only keeps his foes guessing but his friends as well . (Filtered Words: 1)
He kissed her back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last week Chicago happily found its top scholar in Caltech's acting dean of the faculty : dynamic Geneticist [FILTERED] , 57 , who shared the 1958 Nobel Prize in medicine and physiology for discovering how genes affect heredity by controlling cell chemistry ( Time , Cover , July 14 , 1958 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
They are non-conformists on principle . (Filtered Words: 0)
the killing was already forgotten in that clear mind of his . (Filtered Words: 0)
A senate subcommittee headed by Sen. [FILTERED] of Washington has been going over the State Department and has reached some predictable conclusions . (Filtered Words: 1)
Be friends with your mother-in-law . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] had unmasked him , revealing he had never been a bishop , but was an Anabaptist , afraid to state his faith , because he knew [FILTERED] had written a book against their belief that the soul slept after death . (Filtered Words: 2)
Any harm in that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As a means of silencing a discussion which ought to have taken place , the statement is an effective one : we sympathize with the universal confusion which gives rise to such convictions . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had no intention of searching for the assassin . (Filtered Words: 1)
But what came in was piling up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only with the more sensual , intense and baroque expressions of Marenzio , Monteverdi and [FILTERED] does the singing seem a little superficial . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , who had earlier praised Molesworth in Tatler No. 189 , now defended him in Englishman No. 46 , depicting his removal as a setback to the Constitution . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- he called all meals supper -- after the butler had announced the meal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The race problem has tended to obscure other , less emotional , issues which may fundamentally be even more divisive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feelers were put out last year to the City of Warwick , as reported in your newspapers , suggesting investigation of a common rubbish disposal area to service the Potowomut and Cowessett areas of Warwick along with East Greenwich . (Filtered Words: 0)
press scored handle ends firmly in place using dowel to reinforce container while pressing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) the need to allocate country resources . (Filtered Words: 0)
Goodis voiced his objection before City Council's Finance Committee . (Filtered Words: 0)
How many times must we get burned before we learn ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Can't have it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note that the mass scale is one to two orders of magnitude greater than some previously used ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The next morning , as the clock struck nine , he appeared at the Council meeting in the Town Hall and insisted that the couple would have to be punished if the Church was to be respected . (Filtered Words: 0)
He won't submit to his natural desires all the time , and it's Mother's love that is responsible for his good behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
After I looked in at Francie , I went into the living room and waited . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gen. [FILTERED] , the President's special military adviser , is a level-headed officer who is not likely to succumb to propaganda or pressure . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] told himself he would forget [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Vehicle purchase , assignment , and use policies (Filtered Words: 0)
Third , the process of calcification is seen to begin later and to continue much longer for these boys than for the girls , a fact which confirms data for other groups of children . (Filtered Words: 0)
There have always been tales of disillusionment -- the competent technician who became an administrator , willingly or not , and found he didn't like it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Transportation and parking (Filtered Words: 0)
The New York Times editorialist wondered just who would stop Mr. [FILTERED] and make him write a book . (Filtered Words: 1)
Miss [FILTERED] of Baird was maid of honor , and bridesmaids were Miss [FILTERED] of Austin , Mrs. [FILTERED] of Hinsdale , Ill. , and Mrs. [FILTERED] of Shreveport , La. . (Filtered Words: 4)
Because , if for no other reason , [FILTERED] would never for a moment suppose he was not bigger , tougher , than anything else that went on two legs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Next we freeze over the oceans and cover the whole earth with peas , then we go out among the neighboring stars , collect 250 planets each the size of the earth , and also cover each of these with peas four feet deep ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A voice spoke near-at-hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Few of the neighbors came , but Mrs. [FILTERED] came , called by tragedy . (Filtered Words: 1)
West Germany remains Western (Filtered Words: 0)
He kept telling himself this as he went out to the kitchen to make a drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's someone there I have to see . (Filtered Words: 0)
and after that the Japanese cherries . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' She announced . (Filtered Words: 0)
The car ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Music , of course , is not so explicit an art , but anybody who knew [FILTERED] knows that he felt much the same way about his own gift . (Filtered Words: 1)
Both have brilliant speed : [FILTERED] was timed from home plate ( batting left-handed ) to first base in 3.1 seconds , faster than any other major leaguer ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Rachel had little to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
The high cost of land , supplies , and labor make it difficult to farm profitably on a part-time basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked around his little [FILTERED] : bureau , bed , table , chair , two-burner stove . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sixty thousand Jewish prisoners of war disappeared into [FILTERED]'s web . (Filtered Words: 1)
In addition to the bundles , guests pay the cost of their dinners . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the five-month lull , civil war smoldered and flickered throughout the Congo . (Filtered Words: 0)
but he was aware of it just the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was he ever successful , Theresa wondered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still another suggested that he would join a temple `` for social reasons , since I'll be living in a suburb '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , most products tend to become more complex . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you like to sew ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In defeating `` Louis Capet '' , [FILTERED] victory in Texas signals , once again , the end of the divine right of Liberalism . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Let's go , Marshal '' , [FILTERED] said , and took him by the arm . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
But the only answer that reached him was the screeching of the porch rail from her leg moving against it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The radical nature of the innovation in the Congo was not emphasized in the official announcements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Khrushchev threatens us with a 100-megaton bomb ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What he does do is give himself away by communicating information over and above the words involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the course of the trial , [FILTERED] backed up part of that statement . (Filtered Words: 1)
Which came first ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come , come '' , [FILTERED] said , jollying [FILTERED] a little . (Filtered Words: 2)
He and [FILTERED] tied and gagged the man , using his belt and shirt for the purpose . (Filtered Words: 1)
This term was also used by the cowboy in the sense of a human showin' fight , as one cowhand was heard to say , `` He arches his back like a mule in a hailstorm '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the time the child first attacks the actual problem of reading , he is completely familiar and at ease with all of the elements of words . (Filtered Words: 0)
Construction and maintenance of this system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Agriculture . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Charles Men consists not of a connected narrative but of a group of short stories , each depicting a special phase of the general subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
The matter of sympathy of the academic professors for art objectives also must be taken into account . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here he was , suddenly caught up in the delirium of a war , in the spite and calumny of Whigs and Tories . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let T be a linear operator on the finite-dimensional vector space V over the field F . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` (Filtered Words: 0)
But his greatest achievement , in his own eyes and in the eyes of his colleagues and teachers , was his amazing ability to produce literary Latin pieces , and he was often called on to do so . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were silent for a little while , each looking glum . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must have fallen in with evil companions , for he was a simple youth and quite trusting and inexperienced . (Filtered Words: 0)
That experience holds a lesson for us all in regard to birth control today . (Filtered Words: 0)
My heart almost stopped beating . (Filtered Words: 0)
State and local expenditures ( in real terms ) increased persistently from $26.5-billion in 1949 to $44.3-billion in 1959 , and it would not be surprising if they showed a comparable increase in this decade , which would carry them to the neighborhood of $75-billion by 1970 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It should attempt to communicate both an appreciation of professional standards and an understanding of the tremendous powers and potentialities of genuinely open and pluralistic societies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The town was about what [FILTERED] expected : one main street with its rows of false-fronted buildings , a water tower , a few warehouses , a single hotel ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Mack's the leader at camp , but [FILTERED]'s here , with this is deprived of stress , makes here the complement in the clause . (Filtered Words: 1)
In closing , Mr. [FILTERED] also wished all the Juniors luck in their Class . (Filtered Words: 1)
With Britain looking inward , overseas problems were neglected and the baton was passed on to the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
But even if we cannot see the repulsive characteristics in this new image of America , foreigners can ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The observational data determining the concentration distribution have a range of error which is magnified in the extension into the micrometeorite region . (Filtered Words: 0)
He jumped . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't question , Rev had said , don't invite danger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Singing into the mirror and his interested eyes , he was pleased to note , when he stripped for his own bath , that he still had the best part of his Italian sun tan . (Filtered Words: 0)
consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She served as secretary in the Seminary office for 25 years , and was in charge of correspondence , records , and bookkeeping . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If I could only think of something at the studio , near me , to absorb his boundless energy '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , my mother blushed at this small lie ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I started my tour of them at the Turkish Government Tourist Office , next to Pan American's office on the left as you enter the driveway that leads to the Hilton Hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not developing an awareness of the new kind of missionary strategy that is called for as young churches emerge in Asia and Africa . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had my back to the corner of the triangular field that pointed towards the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
But I thought maybe [FILTERED] could pinch-hit for me . (Filtered Words: 1)
I felt good and satisfied , looking at the snake . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] grinned . (Filtered Words: 1)
No matter what had happened or hadn't happened , somebody had to see about dinner . (Filtered Words: 0)
To many of us , this is a land to which we or our parents fled from totalitarian terror in order to live in dignified freedom . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the situation had been bad , it now got worse . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That story of hers about an unsigned note directing her to be there tonight sounds completely phony . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twenty-six states operate a central motor pool for acquisition , allocation and/or maintenance of state-owned vehicles . (Filtered Words: 0)
He swore so loudly at the top of his voice , that she didn't get any sleep all the next night . (Filtered Words: 0)
every man is a piece of the continent , a part of the main '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fosterite bishops , after secret conclave , announced the Church's second Major Miracle : Supreme Bishop Digby had been translated bodily to Heaven and spot-promoted to Archangel , ranking with-but-after [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
We have learned a lot -- a dash of hydrochemistry here , a bit about plumbing and pump-priming there . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found , as he had suspected , a general consensus that perhaps over half of the present functionally designed course was not really functional for these students . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pitcher yelled back . (Filtered Words: 0)
The broad conclusions of that pioneering work remain undisturbed , but subsequent research has expanded and somewhat altered their empirical support , has suggested important revisions in the general analytic frame of reference , and has sharpened the meaning of particular analytic concepts in this area . (Filtered Words: 0)
they moved [FILTERED]'s bed and the baby's basket there , and the rest of them undressed by the stove and ran groaning and shivering to the upper polar regions and plunged into icy beds . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Cigarette '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
investigation of respiratory diseases of laboratory animals ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All nails should be rustproof , and aluminum is highly recommended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , the conception of the natural community of all possessions which originated with the Stoics was firmly fixed in a tradition by More's time , although it was not accepted by all the theologian-philosophers of the Middle Ages . (Filtered Words: 0)
The influence of mechanical action on the particles of free soil may be compared to that of kinetic energy on a molecular scale . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was too bad he had no feeling himself for church . (Filtered Words: 0)
The restless earth and its interior (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeing their hesitation , I said , `` Well , until I have permission to enter Germany , or a visa to re-enter France , I shall be obliged to remain here on the line between two countries '' , whereupon I moved to the side of the road , parked my backpack against the small guardhouse on the sidewalk , sat down , took out my typewriter , and began typing the above conversation . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , the crowning event that has dramatically upset the traditional pattern of English religious history was the friendly visit paid by Dr. [FILTERED] , then Anglican Archbishop of Canterbury , to the Vatican last December . (Filtered Words: 1)
Increasing tempo of new product development . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the pixies and the zombies took over while the banshees wailed in the distance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reaction is rooted in a perception of tradition as a whole . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fees are not the same and some states do not require certain craft , such as sailboats with no power , to be registered at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no question in [FILTERED]'s mind of the good faith on one side , at least . (Filtered Words: 1)
In hunger stimulates man too the situation is very similar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without agreeing with every phrase in this statement , we must certainly assert the great difference between Christian love and any form of resistance , and then go on beyond the Mennonite position and affirm that Christian love-in-action must first justify and then determine the moral principles limiting resistance . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked confused at this , and I felt sure it had been a wrong response for me to make . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this reason , too , their language is more forthright and earthy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just a half-breed 'pache , never said much , never meant anythin to me , but he stuck with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not making them sensitive to the sub-Christian level of much of our economic and industrial life . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Or would it be easier if I put my hands in my pockets '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim . (Filtered Words: 0)
The body is a heat machine , and 20 to 25 guests can easily double your cooling load . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still another approach to the changeable letter type of sign is a modular unit introduced by [FILTERED] , Azusa , Calif. . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was the House pariah . (Filtered Words: 0)
The middle section of the program was made up of short numbers , naturally enough of unequal merit , but all of them pretty good at that . (Filtered Words: 0)
You just haven't got the heart for pro-ball , and that's it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Very suddenly , the driver stopped swearing at them , turned on his heel and went back to his truck . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
The endothelial cells lining the sinusoids were prominent , and many contained large quantities of hemosiderin . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she went on down the list . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wondered if I ought to go use the new one myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the reason this could happen is clear : men of government , business men , lawyers and all who concerned themselves with the welfare of their fellow men did not let their concern to run their businesses at a profit restrict the development of freedom and opportunity . (Filtered Words: 0)
organization : (Filtered Words: 0)
Nonsense '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That would certainly be paradoxical . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was then that they heard the tread of one descending and , in some perturbation glancing up , saw the patronne coming towards them as they gained the landing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He may appeal to President [FILTERED] for clemency '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
They'll start lessons , too , pronto . (Filtered Words: 0)
Called out Means as she ran . (Filtered Words: 0)
He opened the door and followed Rourke out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some observers speculated that this might be his revenge on his home town . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sold me a clear title . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , when everything was opening up to him -- even the court of Louis 15 ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The data have not yet been analyzed for diurnal variations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Analysis means the evaluation of subparts , the comparative ratings of parts , the comprehension of the meaning of isolated elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing broken that can't be mended '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had always done well . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he walked , he tried to think . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is why the United Nations was formed so that intelligent men with good intentions from all countries could meet and solve problems without resorting to war . (Filtered Words: 0)
To appreciate this development , we must relate it to other aspects of nineteenth-century philosophy . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
The Philippi bridge , however , was the [FILTERED] master piece , with its 139-foot , dual lane , span -- and it stands today as a monument to its builders . (Filtered Words: 1)
Carbondale is in the Herrin-Murphysboro-West Frankfort labor market , where unemployment has been substantially higher than the national average . (Filtered Words: 0)
The examples were plain . (Filtered Words: 0)
their talk and their feeling had been as deep and warm , as steeped in light , as the air around them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Free Democrats ( 12 per cent of the vote ) believe a nuclear war can be avoided by negotiating with the Soviet Union , and more dealings with the Communist bloc . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had to go into the water . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wet also were the marine's fatigues and the face had an oily film . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was nearly sundown and he went to the back of the wagon , half-swimming his way , for he was not a tall man . (Filtered Words: 0)
the distant ship isn't there until you get the focus . (Filtered Words: 0)
His sinuous melody is a sort of naive transcendence of all experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or maybe I call you -- tonight ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That picture of the American prairie is as indelibly fixed in the memory of those who have studied the conquest of the American continent as any later cinema image of the West made in live-oak canyons near Hollywood . (Filtered Words: 0)
We will then occupy the new plant under lease , with an option to purchase . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not a farfetched analogy to say that this is what [FILTERED] did to poetry . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was not a rear-looking conservative , yet partisans of that persuasion will miss him as much as any . (Filtered Words: 0)
I assume that the number of readers of this anthology who regard themselves as morally perfect is small , and that most readers are willing to consider procedures by which they may gain more insight into themselves and better understanding of others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wants to get to her booze , I guess '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two of the principal addresses were delivered by prominent Protestants , and when the speaker was a Catholic , one `` discussant '' on the dais tended to be of another religious persuasion . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seemed that I would be the gainer if I accepted the peace and quiet , instead of carrying out my threats . (Filtered Words: 0)
The vivacity of the masquers' party at Leonato's palace , with the Spanish motif in the music and dancing in honor of the visiting Prince of Arragon , cast a spell of delight . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it did not matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
It bulks under a veil of thin , new grass , like some embarrassing fact of physicalness , and I think Mrs. [FILTERED] set out the statuary to soften its meaning . (Filtered Words: 1)
I suppose [FILTERED] knew it . (Filtered Words: 1)
He noticed a speck of dirt on the sill and swiped at it with his finger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , we may also mention the several members of the self-consciously `` neoliberal '' movement that developed at the University of Chicago and is heavily indebted philosophically to the creative work of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Leave me your address . (Filtered Words: 0)
The plan calls for dividing the project into 16 sectors which would be barred to vehicular traffic . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $75,000,000 in all , ( A ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So that the man should not have thoughts of grandeur , and become lifted up , as if he had no lord , because of the dominion that had been given to him , and the freedom , fall into sin against God his Creator , overstepping his bounds , and take up an attitude of self-conceited arrogance towards God , a law was given him by God , that he might know that he had for lord the lord of all . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would like to convey the notion something is being done , even though it is something they know to be ineffectual . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Our most immediate goal is to increase public awareness of the movement '' , he indicated , `` and to tell them what this will mean for the town '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the first pass of Phase 3 , , references to the actual addresses of index words and electronic switches are collected and the availability table is updated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Residential associations struggle to insulate themselves against intrusions . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' And that she proceeded to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
To see this , consider a general pencil of lines containing a general secant of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
According to the official interpretation of the Charter , a member cannot be penalized by not having the right to vote in the General Assembly for nonpayment of financial obligations to the `` special '' United Nations' budgets , and of course cannot be expelled from the Organization ( which you suggested in your editorial ) , due to the fact that there is no provision in the Charter for expulsion . (Filtered Words: 0)
A new work on the program was [FILTERED] `` Festival Overture '' , receiving its first New York hearing . (Filtered Words: 1)
I came that they may have life . (Filtered Words: 0)
At his death Fred and [FILTERED] , my husband , were named executors of the estate under the terms of the will . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Of late years , I find that I like best to work out-of-doors . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I self-served '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be hard to decide what this labor is worth , but charge something for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
She knew where to come . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Remember the Starbird ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Or should we argue that if we want adjustment of children to children of different races and that that is impossible in an all-something-or-the-other school , we must at least provide him some opportunity to adjust to people of another race within the school -- namely , to a teacher of another race . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the President of the United States really feels he won himself a `` lousy job '' , then heaven help us all . (Filtered Words: 0)
A straight line relationship is usually observed in a plot of Af against load L , having slope k , and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there are indications that many developing nations will welcome Peace Corps volunteers , and that if the volunteers are well chosen , they will soon demonstrate their value and make many friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
The maid answered and he decided Nancy must be at work . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is both great writing and profound religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
then we have sextillion peas . (Filtered Words: 0)
One or two practice runs should be sufficient for solo . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it really that the `` public '' buys at the tops , and not that the market tops out when the `` public '' buys ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Within a week after the injury , suffered in St. Louis's victory in the final game of the Kentucky tournament , [FILTERED] was sitting on the Bill's bench doing what he could to help [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
In that way there's no trouble for the customer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was war . (Filtered Words: 0)
But these sources have not been tapped . (Filtered Words: 0)
On some of the islands' beaches the waves came in gently ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I forgot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , it is suggested that in many respects the horse lung may be anatomically more comparable to that of the human than any other presently known species . (Filtered Words: 0)
Little war , big test (Filtered Words: 0)
There are no data published in the literature on the shape of low viscosity drops to confirm the above formulas . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was part of a citywide move toward full integration . (Filtered Words: 0)
SBA makes loans to individual small business firms , providing them with financing when it is not otherwise available through private lending sources on reasonable terms . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he -- and all of China -- wears the scars of American indecisiveness , and he knows what an uncertain ally we are . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , [FILTERED] would have to toss in the towel soon anyway . (Filtered Words: 1)
She never hid the fact that she liked to play . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not as though she noted clearly that her nephews had not been to see her for ten years , not since their last journey eastward to witness their Uncle Izaak being lowered into the rocky soil ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They were not sufficiently challenging however , and she resigned in 1887 , to go to Germany with her brother [FILTERED] and his family while he was there on study . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] account of relations between Russia and the West from the fall of Tsarism to the end of World War 2 , is the finest piece of diplomatic history that has appeared in many years . (Filtered Words: 1)
What goes on in the cage will occupy our attention under the rubric of the organization church . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
And one of the best services available to the people who try to raise and can meat , to plant , grow vegetables and put them up . (Filtered Words: 0)
This machine , operating at speeds up to 350,000 revolutions per minute , is believed to provide one of the fastest mechanical operations in industry today . (Filtered Words: 0)
It appears , then , that although the matter is not dealt with in section 381(c) , a successor corporation in a reorganization of a type specified in section 381(a) is entitled to sue for refund of taxes paid by a transferor corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought that if once , only once , he could talk with [FILTERED] , something about his own life , and all life , would be clear and simple . (Filtered Words: 1)
But theirs defied the detectors . (Filtered Words: 0)
And if we do not aspire to too much , it is also within our capacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
This operation would permit evaluation of the pilot plant , with a slowly increasing load , over a reasonable period of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had Vermouth , sitting in front of a cafe . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Pathet Lao forces held two northern provinces and openly took the offensive in three more . (Filtered Words: 0)
The anode holder shown in figure 2 was designed with two goals in mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hoa-whup '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The first piece is glued and screwed to the frames and transom and the piece butted between frames one and two . (Filtered Words: 0)
Admitting that main streets and the central business district should have priority , the Councilman said it is also essential that small shopping areas `` not be overlooked if our small merchants are to survive '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they weren't just friends , [FILTERED] thought ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Early interest (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the hazards of poor communication are so great , p can be justified as a habitable site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a waterfall for milling purposes , a mine , or a sugar maple camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is not much to be said for `` Revulsion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My name is [FILTERED] , missy . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her eyes were smiling , too , but so sadly , and there was tiredness and infinite wisdom in them . (Filtered Words: 0)
) that he dropped the shorts on the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
He walked home at night for two miles beyond the end of a suburban trolley . (Filtered Words: 0)
he went to the window and choked there with the fresh breeze on his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though this is my rock , you can use it sometimes . (Filtered Words: 0)
In proportion as meanings are concrete , we can better rely on their being insulated and distinctive . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] told Washington that `` Lafayette was charmed with the spirited behavior of the militia and riflemen '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
She thought it was sometime during the second week she worked for Stanley . (Filtered Words: 0)
join sides and base with slip and reinforce with coil . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kahler continued : `` I fixed his dog the other day and I guess he's sore , so I expected him to come barging in '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A unified set of regulations , applicable to all areas , was issued in 1929 , and a complementary series of demographic inquiries in selected areas was instituted at the same time . (Filtered Words: 0)
By now he was undergoing a fresh torrent of abuse from Tory papers and pamphlets , and action was being taken to effect his punishment by expulsion from Parliament . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a total blockade , action could also be taken against ships bringing in chemicals , oils , textiles , and even foodstuffs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Long hard years of `` on the job '' training had brought them to their competence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Across the front of a yard and down the side , they were iron , either spiked along the top or arched in half circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
But is that not like going to a chemistry laboratory and blindly pouring out liquids and powders from an array of bottles and then , after stirring , expecting a new wonder drug inevitably to result ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't stop killing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was stirred by the announcement of Volta's discovery of chemical electricity and he immediately applied the voltaic pile to experiments with acids and alkalis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The road to a guaranteed-neutral , coup-proof Laos is today almost as difficult as warfare on that nation's terrain . (Filtered Words: 0)
A hall opened in back of the bar , running toward an ell . (Filtered Words: 0)
) The plants took zero nights in their stride , with nothing but a mat of straw over the glass to protect them . (Filtered Words: 0)
a smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But I believe if people were better informed on this question , most of them would oppose it also . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay , I'm Happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Relishes are as vital to the success of the frank as are buns . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Nassau system recognizes that its major task it to broaden reference service , what with the constant expansion of education and knowledge , and the pressure of population growth in a metropolitan area . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was all she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
We enjoyed a paradoxical freedom when we were still too young for school . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know another Negro , a man very dear to me , who says , with conviction and with truth , `` The spirit of the South is the spirit of America '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In contrast , the dynamic program produces this policy and a whole family of policies for any smaller number of stages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scientists often turn out to be idiosyncratic , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
But while she is able to tell her retarded family about the new world she has seen open before her , [FILTERED] has not been able to observe her progress , and instead of appearing at a family party to be looked over like a new bull , he sends [FILTERED] a letter of dismissal . (Filtered Words: 2)
Take Vivian . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some elements support the others , but all have limitations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gulf Springs was ten miles inland -- more of a quaint old coast town than those along the beach made garish by tourist attractions . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a mistake . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is up to the Assembly to take action against them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other memberships include the American Watercolor Society , Philadelphia Water Color Club , Allied Artists of America , Audubon Artists , Baltimore Watercolor Society . (Filtered Words: 0)
The simple time-temperature equivalence valid for many amorphous systems did not hold here . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Cousin Lura '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
According to his own testimony , he never actually saw things as shaped but only as generally amorphous `` blots '' of color of a more or less indefinite size ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew Red and [FILTERED] well . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We have over 20 divisions -- each of which has an engineering department headed by a chief engineer . (Filtered Words: 0)
As shown earlier in Table 1 , the several cities and towns use widely varied fiscal and tax collection calendars . (Filtered Words: 0)
I might not make any money but I'd sure have patients '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
it asserts emotion without evoking it -- that is to say , it is sentimental . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were camping a few weeks ago on Cape Hatteras Campground in that land of pirates , seagulls and bluefish on North Carolina's famed Outer Banks . (Filtered Words: 0)
These data lead to a structure in which sheets of [FILTERED] atoms lie between two sheets of O atoms . (Filtered Words: 1)
Experiments carried out over long periods of time in order to allow establishment of a steady state have shown that the onset of contraction and its completion are confined to an interval of several degrees Centigrade and to a concentration range of only several per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
I went to my hotel and slept . (Filtered Words: 0)
A trial of strength , however , is made quite inevitable by virtue of the fact that anyone engaging in non-violent resistance will be convinced that his action is based on sounder values than those of his opponent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus Af is divisible by the minimal polynomial P of T , i.e. , Af divides Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet the highly anxious child suffered a tremendous disadvantage only in the unstructured school , and performed as well or better than average in the structured setting . (Filtered Words: 0)
it tends to be hard and colorless . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] of Washington , D.C. , announce the birth of a daughter , [FILTERED] , on Monday in Washington , D.C. . (Filtered Words: 2)
its waves persisted for a week and were felt as far away as the English coast . (Filtered Words: 0)
As is well known , detergent actives belong to the chemical class consisting of moderately high molecular weight and highly polar molecules which exhibit the property of forming micelles in solution . (Filtered Words: 0)
This organization will differ from existing assistance programs in that its members will supplement technical advisers by offering the specific skills needed by developing nations if they are to put technical advice to work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not a man on the brig , loyal or villainous , could be unaffected by the sight of seven men involved in the crime of mutiny . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wallpaper in the back bedroom is literally crumbling off . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seven others expressed no opinion . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] last night pitched a no-hit game , said to be the first in [FILTERED] baseball history , as the Blue and [FILTERED] beat Southeast Missouri State College , 5-1 , at Crystal City . (Filtered Words: 3)
We met some charming Athenians , and among them our chauffeur Panyotis ranked high . (Filtered Words: 0)
At once a bevy of dogs was snapping and snarling around him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other deductions are subtracted only from Adjusted Gross Income in arriving at Taxable Income . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , other than cleaning out the pores and making the sweat glands work harder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both hated [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The detective , commenting on Barco's behavior , felt that he merely belonged among the myriad citizens of our community who are mentally unhinged -- that he was a more or less harmless `` nut '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The time of the motion picture is fixed absolutely . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tulips and the big pink peonies had been blooming along the drive , and he had walked up from the bus almost singing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Griffith said , `` That's impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
But his mother told the story over and over , till her `` Martin said he was sorry '' was as much a part of her as the shape of her thin , pallid ears . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proposals (Filtered Words: 0)
and now , therefore , do I , [FILTERED] , Jr. , Governor of the State of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , proclaim the week of June 11th to 17th , 1961 , as Miss [FILTERED] Pageant Week , with deep appreciation to the Jaycees , local and statewide , for the presentation of their beautiful Pageants and the encouragement of all [FILTERED] girls to participate . (Filtered Words: 3)
Next to him was a young boy I was sure had sat near me at one of the trading sessions . (Filtered Words: 0)
You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pike's honor would now come under attack , but not by [FILTERED] himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
And getting them seemed a life's work . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only way that I can see is through communication . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , we know , they're professionals , men paid to play , and they shouldn't care how they're handled , just as long as their names are spelled correctly on the first and fifteenth of each month . (Filtered Words: 0)
Geology , You and [FILTERED] used his rock collection for the bottom of the fishpond six years ago ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
`` They aren't supposed to look at women , you know '' , [FILTERED] recalled . (Filtered Words: 1)
A single statewide assessing unit would eliminate the differences and complications that are inherent in a system of 39 different and independent assessing units '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mother and son recognize each other and , in Mann's version of this legend , make a remarkable confession of guilt to each other , the confession of unconscious motive and unconscious knowledge of their true identities from the time they had first set eyes on each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , in the end , we did . (Filtered Words: 0)
File the bottom edge flush with the bar and the top 1/8'' '' above the bar . (Filtered Words: 0)
In order to be able to properly relate the data for a single company each of the three cards comprising the set for each firm was identified with the appropriate serial number of the respondent . (Filtered Words: 0)
This does give relief , as I can testify . (Filtered Words: 0)
What the hell do you think baseball is ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm nudged it with a boot . (Filtered Words: 0)
He crawled beneath the two supply wagons which stood between the buildings and peered around a corner . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he felt that the Selden case was being unfairly pilloried . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without careful qualification this can be misleading . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man like [FILTERED] would want to have a ready means of escape in case it was needed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Microscopic examination of the effluent showed that minimum BOD occurred when the algae began to decrease with cold weather . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , too , the utmost clinical flexibility is necessary in judiciously combining carefully timed family-oriented home visits , single and group office interviews , and appropriate telephone follow-up calls , if the worker is to be genuinely accessible and if the predicted unhealthy outcome is to be actually averted in accordance with the principles of preventive intervention . (Filtered Words: 0)
much of it has continued to be used over the years and the heart of it -- good guys and bad guys in the old West -- pretty well dominated television toward the end of the 1950's . (Filtered Words: 0)
Start out fresh , the two of us , like nothin had ever happened '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll keep [FILTERED] for two weeks . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , Aug. 8 (Filtered Words: 1)
Ants carry away the seeds so better be sure that there are no ant hills nearby . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I went over to the Willows and dropped two notes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Baton Rouge , La. (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] propagandists were reported marching him barefoot from village to village , as evidence of evil American intervention . (Filtered Words: 1)
though contemptuous , they were still polite . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consciousness is the factor that provides the progressive continuity to sensory impressions . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll make them dance the tango . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now and then he would disappear for several days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Answer (Filtered Words: 0)
I came out here to retire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Powers had not followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inner life of congregations will prosper so long as like-minded people of similar social and economic level can fraternize together ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The armed forces of Taiwan are at a working strength of about 450,000 , though a reserve potential twice that high is contemplated . (Filtered Words: 0)
This added a personal zest to class discussions and participation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , one can find a neighborhood of Q in which the difference function is monotone , for since it is analytic it can have only a finite number of extrema in any interval . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the theological forms of the past continue to exist in a way they do not in a more secularized situation , the striking thing is the rapidity with which they are being reduced to a marginal existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who invented and later patented the arch type of construction for wooden bridges , was the genius who planned and supervised the building of the Essex , or `` Deer Island '' bridge although the actual work was carried out under the direction of [FILTERED] , who received $300 as recompense . (Filtered Words: 2)
Only two principal storehouses were actually established -- one at Mobile , the other at New Orleans . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attorney [FILTERED] , in behalf of defendant [FILTERED] , argued there is no evidence linking [FILTERED] to the conspiracy , but Judge [FILTERED] declared this is a matter for the jury to decide . (Filtered Words: 4)
They would be coming for him next , bearing down on him from both directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet the truth , according to the New Testament , is that every local church has its existence only by being the embodiment of the whole church in that particular place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alarmed by this display of weapons , I looked toward the bridge and there saw , stretched across the near side , a cordon of policemen , their bicycles forming a roadblock before which stood several French officers in uniform and a small waspish man in a brown derby . (Filtered Words: 0)
The colony had been small until the Spanish Inquisition of 1492 drove many Jews into Rome . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
it involves a reduction in the number of epicycles from eighty-three to seventeen '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Impersonal purposes (Filtered Words: 0)
Test specimens (Filtered Words: 0)
Misunderstanding of the real meaning of a home rule charter was cited as a factor which has caused the Citizens Group to obtain signatures under what were termed `` false pretenses '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
And at this point , [FILTERED] thought , there should be a lecture on little cousins' sharing dolls -- but she could sympathize with [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Lake Michigan offers swimming and pictures which combine cityscapes with beaches . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The theory of elasticity of Gaussian networks has been developed on a more general basis and the equations of state relating variables of pressure , volume , temperature , stress and strain have been precisely formulated . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is even some question whether the U.S. can any longer defend itself against an initiative by the Left . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1952 , it will be remembered , the G.O.P. without positive program campaigned on the popular disillusionment with liberal leadership and won overwhelmingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was never sure they fully took him in . (Filtered Words: 0)
American taxpayers have been impressed by the surpluses for a long , long time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The average of states' rates is $.076 per mile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Circumstances alter cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is your R & D or product development program tuned in to the commercial realities of the market ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
we bought his records and played them in our schools and universities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Midwest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet , I responded , could not similar things be said about the art of the past ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A cylinder's compression ratio is computed by comparing the cylinder's volume , or its displacement , with the total volume of the cylinder and its combustion chamber . (Filtered Words: 0)
No doubt Mrs. [FILTERED] had snubbed him many a time and he felt no grief over her passing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Insurance (Filtered Words: 0)
His Highness had decided only two hours ago to go out of town , and he was eager to be off . (Filtered Words: 0)
What Hume calls `` sensation '' is what Whitehead calls `` perception in the mode of presentational immediacy '' which is a sophisticated abstraction from perception in the mode of causal efficacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
And where was the thing ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , they made naught of [FILTERED]'s prophecy that capitalism would never pay the `` workers '' -- to use [FILTERED]'s word -- more than a subsistence wage , with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the capitalists' pockets with the result , in turn , that the gap between the rich and the poor would irrevocably widen and the misery of the poor increase . (Filtered Words: 2)
Maybe you are not that gifted either , but how about puttering around with the old paints ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the reasons for the high percentage of Jewish teen-agers in college is that a great many urban Jews are enabled to attend local colleges at modest cost . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you were required to file a declaration of estimated tax for the calendar year 1961 , it is not necessary to pay the fourth installment otherwise due on January 15 , 1962 , if you file your income tax return Form 1040 , and pay your tax in full for the calendar year 1961 by January 31 , 1962 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He skimmed over the millions that went to Meeker Park , Medfield Hospital , the civic center , the Public Health Nursing Association , the library , and so on , pausing when he came to the scholarship fund . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Felix Grubb '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And the man who brought sweet potatoes into Kanto is buried there , next to a beautiful seated statue of Fudo . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the few must win what the many lose , for the opposite arrangement would not support markets as we know them at all , and is , in fact , unimaginable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brain ships were , of course , long past the experimental stages . (Filtered Words: 0)
An exhibition of [FILTERED] paintings will open with a reception Nov. 5 at the Evanston Community center , 828 [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Unusual in a case like this , but '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , in certain respects , there are norms common to colleges and universities across the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
A variety of data are assembled to bear upon such alleged changes as diminished puritan morality , work-success ethic , individualism , achievement , lessened emphasis on future-time orientation in favor of sociability , moral relativism , consideration and tolerance , conformity , hedonistic present-time orientation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We worry '' , say the mothers . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Af is the null space of Af , then Theorem 12 says that Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' -- I didn't -- I didn't ever want to see that woman again . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Institute of Public Administration , in its report to the State Fiscal Study Commission in 1959 , recommended `` consolidating and centralizing all aspects of property tax administration in a single state agency professionally organized and equipped for the job '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now how in hell would I remember that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For United States expenditures under subsections ( A ) , ( B ) , ( D ) , ( E ) , ( F ) , ( H ) through ( R ) of Section 104 of the Act or under any of such subsections , the rupee equivalent of $200 million . (Filtered Words: 0)
Economic aid ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked innocently . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I just hope this happens to you someday '' , said [FILTERED] , who was not at his best . (Filtered Words: 1)
He got into the car . (Filtered Words: 0)
others unknown . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , whose character [FILTERED] bears a close kinship to Flem Snopes in both his willingness to take cruel advantage of all and sundry and the sharpness with which he habitually carried out his will ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Before coming on a visit to Spelman in 1885 , Miss [FILTERED] had been a successful teacher in [FILTERED] , and her position there was held open for her for a considerable period . (Filtered Words: 2)
The measure of combat efficiency in an indecisive campaign is a matter of personal choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s reply was like a declaration of war . (Filtered Words: 1)
He said no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter what style your home is , ranch , two-story , Colonial or contemporary , central air conditioning is easily installed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blood samples were allowed to clot at room temperature for 3 hr , centrifuged and the serum was removed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beginning July 4 , there will be an orchestra playing nightly except Sunday and Monday for the summer season . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The Forgotten War '' his soldiers called the Burma fighting because the war in Africa and Europe enjoyed priorities in equipment and in headlines . (Filtered Words: 0)
In doing so science has unquestionably cleared up widespread misconceptions , removed extraneous and illusory sources of fear , and dispelled many undesirable popular superstitions . (Filtered Words: 0)
and now , therefore , do I , [FILTERED] , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode Island and [FILTERED] , proclaim the week of Monday , November 13 , 1961 , as the State Ballet of Rhode Island Week , requesting all Rhode Islanders to give special attention to this unusual event which should contribute to the cultural life of the State . (Filtered Words: 2)
The marine , hands on cheeks , rolled by his unwounded side onto his stomach . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can't '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
A verdict against Pohl came at 4:05 p.m. after almost 13-1/2 hours of deliberation . (Filtered Words: 0)
A similar case arose at the Bowers ranch in Butte County , and the Superior Court of that county issued similar restraining orders . (Filtered Words: 0)
We walked up Main Street to this big white house , then around to the back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Order of Elks , Lodge No. 142 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
but the basic puzzles of existence would still be puzzling , and we should still have to work out the sort of problems we plan to discuss in this article . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now you're ready for a whirlwind sightseeing tour of America's most exciting city . (Filtered Words: 0)
And nobody knows what comes next . (Filtered Words: 0)
such composers as Monteverdi , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , with the same goal in mind , had developed styles of recitative sensitively attuned to their own languages . (Filtered Words: 2)
For its part the Hudson's Bay Company was troubled by the approach of American settlement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both would start their new fiscal year on July 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He does not mean to say that Adam lost the similitude of God and his immortality through the fall ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I have never asked for an easy task , but I am weary of the strife '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can't touch him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Entries are summarized only when by doing so the amount of information retained in the dictionary is reduced and the time required for dictionary operations is decreased . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no debate as the Senate passed the bill on to the House . (Filtered Words: 0)
We in East Greenwich have the example of two neighboring communities , one currently utilizing double sessions in their schools , and the other facing this prospect next year . (Filtered Words: 0)
You are likely to be nearer the truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aunt Mary died when I was doing my military service . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question was `` Where to land '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Real bright along those lines , you might say . (Filtered Words: 0)
In concluding this section , we should like to give an example which illustrates some of the ideas of the primary decomposition theorem . (Filtered Words: 0)
The list goes on . (Filtered Words: 0)
They both laughed and winked back . (Filtered Words: 0)
those who wrote them knew people and what made people tick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost inevitably , the first result of this technological revolution was a reaction against the methods and in many cases the conclusions of the Oxford school of Stubbs , [FILTERED] and ( particularly ) Green regarding the nature of the Anglo-Saxon conquest of Britain . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rachel followed , looked at me , and clucked with her tongue . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was sound asleep , and I didn't see any sense in waking him . (Filtered Words: 1)
A million tons of rock and soil and brush . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some time before midnight he returned to his apartment and hit the sack , putting the whole incident out of mind before he fell asleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
if [FILTERED] sat long enough , she would be sure to see all the young officers she had met in San Diego and Long Beach . (Filtered Words: 1)
The lean and leathery Oklahoma amateur , who has been playing topnotch tournament golf for many years , refused to let the Masters jitters overtake him and closed the tournament with his second straight 69 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Princes and factions clashed in the open street and died on the open scaffold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet there were other motivations and actions which the Belgians took after independence for which history may not find them guiltless . (Filtered Words: 0)
Development requires a long-term approach (Filtered Words: 0)
Ordinary water tides are disregarded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leading firms that arranged their own financing included Speidel Corporation , Cornell-Dubilier , Photek , Inc. Division of Textron , [FILTERED] [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Mays Manufacturing Company . (Filtered Words: 3)
But she cleans it up very well when I remind her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
O'Banion's reaction was : `` Three hundred dollars ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm shouldered his way outside and scanned the veldt . (Filtered Words: 0)
A . (Filtered Words: 0)
We could put a portion of our strategic bombers in such shelters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The devil himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our understanding of the solar system has taught us to replace our former elaborate rituals with the appropriate action which , in this case , amounts to doing nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Which came first ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] translated . (Filtered Words: 1)
They should sense the tremendous significance of joining the spiritual succession reaching back to Christ our Lord and forward to an eternal fellowship with the saints of the ages . (Filtered Words: 0)
All the sins of ancient Rome are said to be collected into this three-hour film . (Filtered Words: 0)
My wife could drive us down the hill and we could all walk from there . (Filtered Words: 0)
His father , [FILTERED] , was descended from an honored Southern family that could trace its ancestry back to one [FILTERED] , who had emigrated from Scotland in 1747 . (Filtered Words: 2)
She swung her eyes up to the blue of the window , her jaws gently mashing the bitter beans . (Filtered Words: 0)
Colt revolver in her brain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , the chromatic aberrations depend on the chosen high voltage . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1453 when the last vestige of ancient Roman power fell to the Turks , the city officially shifted religions -- although the Patriarch , or [FILTERED] , of the Orthodox Church continued to live there , and still does -- and became the capital of the Ottoman Empire . (Filtered Words: 1)
These societies can expect to face difficult times . (Filtered Words: 0)
The figure was close enough now for him to see the nose twitching to dislodge the drop clinging there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Held as a material witness in the compulsory prostitution trial of [FILTERED] , the comely courtesan was unable to raise bail and was committed to the Women's House of Detention , a terribly overcrowded prison . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Not since last night . (Filtered Words: 0)
I couldn't help laughing with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
it had reached the pre-war level of efficiency by 1951 . (Filtered Words: 0)
All nut kernels are rich in protein . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` (Filtered Words: 0)
After some time he came to an open field . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another snarled close overhead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was there another [FILTERED] in the Warsaw area , as they suspected ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The Hotel King [FILTERED] across the street provided almost twice as many problems . (Filtered Words: 1)
Whole platoons were taking up new positions on the steps , arriving and departing , while I stayed glued , like a signpost , to one spot . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men in power are committed in principle to modernization , but economic and social changes are proceeding only erratically . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's forget the rules '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After he had gone , [FILTERED] asked [FILTERED] proudly , `` Would you take their oath '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
As an anchor for the spring lock , insert a Af bar in the lower left corner of the frame as shown in [FILTERED]. 7 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Big ones and little . (Filtered Words: 0)
On his lips , his men following . (Filtered Words: 0)
What was lacking was a real sense of phrase , the kind of legato singing that would have added a dimension of smoothness to what is , after all , a very oily character . (Filtered Words: 0)
The partners each bring to it unselfish love , and each takes away an equal share of pleasure and joy . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she went on down the list . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grandparents are Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] of Scarsdale , N.Y. . (Filtered Words: 2)
Still he let [FILTERED] treat him like a valet . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I was out in the district , sir '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Captain [FILTERED] roared at his men to lash three of the casks of olive oil together for a raft . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Northeast (Filtered Words: 0)
They looked up in surprise as Powers came in . (Filtered Words: 0)
they destroy such men with their damned tests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dammit ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The Government of the United States of America may utilize rupees in India to pay for goods and services , including international transportation needed in connection with market development and other agricultural projects and activities in India and other countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
I repeat , two wrongs do not make a right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Congress had already appropriated money , and plans were well along to tear down the buildings flanking Lafayette Square and replace them with what one critic calls the `` marble monumentality '' of government office buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
The feeling subsided , it was only a small yearning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet with all their skills , the appeal of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] in 1961 comes down to one basic : The home run . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Get in '' , [FILTERED] said brusquely . (Filtered Words: 1)
Extensions are not granted as a matter of course , and the reasons for your request must be substantial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Los Angeles , Calif. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And hadn't I rescued him from [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
' not flash in pan ' (Filtered Words: 0)
And when this was gone , he hadn't even a little bitter tablet to purify other water if he were to discover some stagnant jungle pool . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Would you first read the poem aloud to me and then let me read it to myself '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's all I think about , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who could blame her for that ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the corner of it you could see in the photograph looked as though it ought to have Velasquez in it painting the royalty of Spain . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is as follows : `` The usual sensitivity tests showed that the specific qualities of skin-perceptiveness ( pressure , pain , temperature ) , as well as the kinesthetic sensations ( muscular feelings , feelings in the tendons and joints ) , were , as such , essentially intact , although they seemed , in comparison with normal reactions , to be somewhat diminished over the entire body . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why should I ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What is required is the full implementation of Article 2 of the Treaty , which provides : `` The Parties will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions , by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are founded , and by promoting conditions of stability and well-being . (Filtered Words: 0)
We cannot now speak of maximizing the value of the objective function , since this function is now known only in a probabilistic sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
To find out , we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled , in the daytime at least , by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu , the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast , to [FILTERED] , the City of Lions in the northwest , close to Communist China ( map , page 250 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] leaned forward over the desk . (Filtered Words: 1)
Parker insisted upon not resigning , even when the majority wanted him to depart , upon daring the Fellowship to throw him out . (Filtered Words: 0)
To a much less full extent , the hebephrenic person's belching or flatus has a comparable communicative function ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , everyone but Keith and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No more today . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were paid off Tuesday morning and given tickets back to New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
It then occurred to me to ask , `` Is that what that woman told you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The gun moved . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
Why not have them travel the state in November debating ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] became indispensable ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Humiliation made Matsuo tremble . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We've got to get her out of there '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
They must in their planning be able to count on at least tentative commitments of foreign capital assistance over periods of several years . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was all the pride he had . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remaking an army to win (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 12 months ended in February , 1960 , the highway earned enough to cover 64 per cent of its interest load -- with the remainder paid out of initial reserves . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's not too much to assume that you will have a more lasting interest in paper hats than will Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
By a combination of music , lighting effects , and narration , famous events that have transpired in these locations are evoked and re-created for large audiences usually to considerable acclaim . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recovering the property was much less important '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having completed our camera work , we started our climb . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is this not [FILTERED] himself alluding to his own earlier infatuation with the ideological ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Extension of the ADC program to all children in need living with any relatives , including both parents , as a means of preserving family unity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` [FILTERED] square as an expression of centrality (Filtered Words: 1)
Little things . (Filtered Words: 0)
The biggest single act would doubtless be staged by [FILTERED] himself : his Inaugural wardrobe had been designed by Hollywood Couturier [FILTERED] , who regularly makes up ladies' ensembles . (Filtered Words: 2)
They are trying to demonstrate some different ways of teaching and learning . (Filtered Words: 0)
A contrast of the scripture reading of , let us say , St. Augustine , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] , all three of whom found in such study a real source of enlightenment , can tell us a great deal about these three men and the age that each represented and helped bring to conscious expression . (Filtered Words: 2)
But roulette's not my game . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were not rushed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her roar changed to a growl . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] told Moscow he would give his answer by May 20 after consultation with the Allies . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s shanty was beyond the bridge over the River Bystrzyca near the rail center . (Filtered Words: 1)
Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta , as every artist delights to do , wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and -- especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair -- into the relations of men and women : `` In their relations , she was the giver and he the receiver , nay the demander . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was payday for Highlands , and he was packing a lot of money back into the oil fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- This budget will provide in the fiscal year 1961 for the continued support of our forces at approximately the present level -- a year-end strength of 2,489,000 men and women in the active forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
( This goes for getting a drink tray ready , and for having a big cooler full of ice on hand long before the party begins . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Anything else '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The AID has found a mantlepiece attributed to [FILTERED] of Salem , Mass. , an architect and woodcarver who competed for the designing of the Capitol here in 1792 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The public's identification of [FILTERED] and the guitar is no happenstance . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each now makes a tough , papery cocoon and pupates . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] only nodded . (Filtered Words: 1)
As we ate , we talked . (Filtered Words: 0)
In general , however , the timetable of travel lags considerably behind that of the student at Harvard or Smith . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few snowflakes sifted down through that theatrical red glow , languid as falling feathers . (Filtered Words: 0)
But inevitably the border which has divided the ghetto from the rest of the world falls into the hands of the ghetto . (Filtered Words: 0)
This isn't surprising when we consider that over 29 percent of the 11-year-old boys in America cannot chin themselves once , and that English school girls outdo them in almost every test ( even dashes and endurance ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
A5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
By fall , 443 survivors of this arduous journey were clustered about Fort Snelling , but most of them were sent on to Galena and St. Louis , with a few going as far as Vevay , Indiana , a notable Swiss center in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the Jerebohms are more than willing to buy it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` For a time I thought of trying to reach the Free Polish Forces , but one thing led to another . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it presented itself to him as it would to any stranger , impervious , complete in itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
not whether it should be done . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fear of disease was formerly very much the kind of fear I have tried to describe . (Filtered Words: 0)
A friend of [FILTERED]'s named [FILTERED] had just muscled into the Portwatchers' Union . (Filtered Words: 2)
The child with high anxiety may first direct his anxiety-released energy toward achievement , but because his distress severely reduces the abilities of discrimination and memorization of complex symbols , the child may fail in his initial attempts to master the problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Betty is 16 years of age and had several wins to her credit last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
These have never gone out of style in Scandinavian homes and now seem to be reappearing here and there in shops which specialize in handicrafts . (Filtered Words: 0)
She opened the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
A difference between subspecies might explain the great range in size . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the citizen narrows his political participation to the mere act of voting -- if he votes at all '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
My parents' welcoming arms would seem woeful , inadequate , unwanted . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Mayor said : (Filtered Words: 0)
A Georgia soldier gave his wife the following description of the cause and consequence of diarrhoea : `` I have bin a little sick with diorah two or three days . (Filtered Words: 0)
the pets were a couple of Siamese cats . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inject steam , if necessary , to reach the temperature shown in Column D of Table 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another memo for sightseers : bring your camera along to museums . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was denoted by Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
A 208-pound , 6-foot 1-inch senior from Stamford , Moritz practices nothing but place-kicking . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said Britain also proposed that the international truce commission should be reconvened , sent to New Delhi and from there to Laos to verify the cease-fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stumbled into the house , eyes burning like fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pansies are supposed to like it cool , but those great velvety flowers were healthy and perky in the glaring sun . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fla. , and [FILTERED] , a former college boxer and veteran of the U.S. Immigration Service Border Patrol . (Filtered Words: 1)
Actually Heaven and the Dark Kingdom overlap ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be seen that where the scope is similar , the Athabascan ratios come out somewhat higher ( as indeed they ought to with a total ratio of 2.8 as against 3.5 or 4 : 5 ) except for verbs , where alone the Athabascan ratio is lower . (Filtered Words: 0)
As [FILTERED]'s antisocial conduct increased , our invitations decreased and my heart was in my mouth whenever I played hostess at a fashionable `` screenland '' gathering . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Then what was it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED]'s work is written for the stage -- it is mentioned for an off-Broadway production in the fall -- and , in addition , employs an avant-garde structure that particularly needs to be seen if comprehension is to be encouraged . (Filtered Words: 1)
his dinner fell anywhere from nine to noon ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Employes of Pawtucket's garbage and rubbish collection contractor picketed the firm's incinerator site yesterday in the second day of a strike for improved wages and working conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
A kaleidoscope of pressure groups make it unpleasant for the congressman who becomes ugly toward the Department of Health , Education , and Welfare . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only do these quacks assume impressive titles , but represent themselves as being associated with various scientific or impressive foundations -- foundations which often have little more than a letterhead existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
If this new Bible does not increase in significance by repeated readings throughout the years , it will not survive the ages as has the King James Version . (Filtered Words: 0)
In mentioning this under `` salvation reconsidered '' I do not mean to imply that Roman Catholic doctrine has changed in this area but rather that it has become clearer to the world community what that doctrine is . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he asked to use the phone and called [FILTERED] , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o'clock . (Filtered Words: 1)
That finished the job that Captain [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had begun . (Filtered Words: 2)
Part of the ritual of sex is the use of marijuana . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proof lack charged (Filtered Words: 0)
Incidentally , there was an [FILTERED] firing last night . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Bathyrans were all gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The amount paid by the oil company to Tri-State for the use of its oil distribution system and the privilege of supplying all the homes , is subject to negotiation but naturally must be profitable to both parties . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result was the `` [FILTERED] Report '' , prepared by [FILTERED] , as chairman , with the assistance of two U.N. Under Secretaries , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
When that fear has been removed by faith in Jesus Christ , when we know that He is our Savior , that He has paid our debt with His blood , that He has met the demands of God's justice and thus has turned His wrath away -- when we know that , we have peace with God in our hearts ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Vagabonds are `` on the road '' again . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said the snow plan was put in effect too slowly in December . (Filtered Words: 0)
But millions of human beings were exposed to Lueger's propaganda and record . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is chairman . (Filtered Words: 1)
I hope [FILTERED] bought them whole '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Trenton (Filtered Words: 0)
Meeting in Moscow (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The news of their experiments reaches the farmers who , forgetting that birds are the most efficient natural enemies of insects and rodents , are encouraged to try to get rid of all birds that occasionally peck their grapes or their blueberries '' , [FILTERED] told the delegates . (Filtered Words: 1)
After it has reached terminal velocity , the time for the tape to travel a known distance is recorded . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only performance which was too soft for me was that of [FILTERED] , but since someone had to become the victim of despoilers , just to emphasize that such things do happen at these fracases , I suppose this was the attitude the part called for . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is not as convenient as the old type toothbrush and the paste tends to shimmy off the bristles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 4 (Filtered Words: 0)
Hearst won the Iowa state convention , but ran into a bitter battle in Indiana before losing to Parker , drawing an angry statement from Indiana's [FILTERED] : (Filtered Words: 1)
Like [FILTERED] in the outfield . (Filtered Words: 1)
He walked toward the center of the city to keep his rendezvous with Styka . (Filtered Words: 0)
This delightful tropical fruit has become well-known in the past thirty years because modern transportation methods have made it possible to ship avocados anywhere in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood up , stretched , looked around for the bubbles , but could see none . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also count as an expense a charge for the labor to be contributed by the family . (Filtered Words: 0)
In less than an hour I had gotten a hotel , showered , shaved and was out on the Champs Elysees in a fresh uniform . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last , even the controlled [FILTERED] was unable to hold still , and he tentatively suggested that O'Banion should take a percentage in the Stickney brothels in return for one from his Cicero beer concession . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is in honor of [FILTERED] , class of 1773 , who scooped a canoe out of a handy tree and first set the course way back in his own student days . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had been `` seeing things '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
RCA Victor has an ambitious and useful project in a stereo series called `` Adventures In Music '' , which is an instructional record library for elementary schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the sweet-smelling cumara nut , which is suited for perfumes . (Filtered Words: 0)
A new low capacity meter is the key that unlocks the situation at Oakwood Heights . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our collective policies , group and national , are similarly based on voodoo , but here we often lack even the empirically successful rituals and are still engaged in determing them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prevot had briefed the two new men that afternoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a significantly greater number in this group who reported a desk as being in a tilted position while a tennis ball resting on it remained stationary on the incline . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most famous undergraduate of South Philadelphia High School is a current bobby-sox idol , Dreamboat Cacophonist Fabian ( real name : [FILTERED] ) , 17 , and last week it developed that he will remain an undergraduate for a while . (Filtered Words: 1)
40 & 8 Voiture , No. 25 , Musician's Union , Local 99 . (Filtered Words: 0)
While it had long been known in general , that `` the public is always wrong '' , the use of odd-lot indices now puts the adage on a statistical basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Easier access . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once the figure was 30-30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
And using him , [FILTERED] , as a sop to her pride . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am getting dividends on only 50 shares . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was , however , fortunate in his contact with Prof. [FILTERED] ( 1769-1842 ) , teacher of chemistry , who , in addition to his academic chair , was also proprietor of the `` Lion Pharmacy '' in Copenhagen where Oersted assisted him . (Filtered Words: 1)
They raced and maneuvered for war , swinging their horses in single file and then abreast like cavalry . (Filtered Words: 0)
These voters view the political process as a secret conspiracy , the object of which is to plunder them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't reckon there's nobody out there , 'cept maybe [FILTERED] , who can outgrip me , Harmony '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The novel opens with a fugitive convict frantically trying to avoid the nemesis of being `` laid hands on '' -- a mysterious figure who looks into [FILTERED]'s frightened eyes in the churchyard `` as if he were eluding the hands of the dead people , stretching up cautiously out of their graves , to get a twist upon his ankle and pull him in '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
by that time , he seemed to have dropped the tragic playing of the last moments of the comedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Burst from his throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll see '' , Morgan said . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is because each side has sought to implement its distinctive theological belief through legislation and thus indirectly force its belief , or at least the practical consequences thereof , upon others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon the office work claimed all her time . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is , he was unaware what kind of objects they were or what their use was . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of its letter was the information that applicants for this position `` must also be prepared to teach costume design and advertising art '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Costaggini said it was [FILTERED]'s fault in not providing enough material to fill the circle . (Filtered Words: 1)
He quickly closed it again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider the traditional `` four fields '' of philosophy : logic , ethics , epistemology and esthetics . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the question now facing President [FILTERED] : How to put a stop to the Soviet buildup in Cuba and to Communist infiltration of this hemisphere ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Proof . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had his voice under control again : no one became aware that he was terrified by what had just happened to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some women get a real thrill out of housework . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he decided he wouldn't mind company in return for free drinks , even though he made good money at his job . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Damned right '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He did not answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
coordinate , correlate , and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Men from the Third Detective District , Eighteenth Precinct , had the longest , the most tedious , job . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll find , once your technique is perfected , that you can cook on a boat with a simple Bernz-O-Matic . (Filtered Words: 0)
That this is not good politics is underscored by the latest poll figures which show that 72 per cent of the people like the way in which the new President is conducting the nation's business . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was no longer fashionable to be seen with fabulous `` [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Old , tired , trembling the woman came to the cannery . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was thinking chiefly of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` When are you to leave '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
From it , spokes of order and degree led to the outward rim of the common man . (Filtered Words: 0)
it had been latent , unspecified , semi-conscious and only partly realized -- until she described it to him ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Indicating the way in which he has turned his back on his 1910 philosophy , Mr. [FILTERED] said : `` A Socialist is a person who believes in dividing everything he does not own '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
At present all offenses must be taken to Sixth District Court for disposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had it all doped , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
It stipulates , in addition , that all amounts remaining as a result of imposing the `` ceiling '' , and not used for insuring the `` floor '' , be redistributed to those States still below their maximums . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beginners' guns , '61 (Filtered Words: 0)
The impression you get from [FILTERED] home is one of laughter and happiness ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Someone evidently was on duty there . (Filtered Words: 0)
All his family was dead , except for his son . (Filtered Words: 0)
The eyes of the figure of the Nile are covered , perhaps either to symbolize the mystery of her source or to obscure from her sight the baroque facade of the Church of Sant' Agnese in Agone , the work of Bernini's rival , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
On occasion it produces extraordinary novelties . (Filtered Words: 0)
veal cutlets : `` Oh , I couldn't possibly eat all this '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They're a-coming ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
All the doors were open at this hour except one , and it was toward this that [FILTERED] made his way with [FILTERED] close at his shoulder . (Filtered Words: 2)
The others put on old coats or ducking jackets , whichever they carried behind their saddle cantles . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , Biblical scholars frequently attested to its numerous inaccuracies , as old manuscripts were uncovered and scholarship advanced . (Filtered Words: 0)
While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i.e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success . (Filtered Words: 0)
On his father's side he was of German descent , on his mother's he came of the old Swedish nobility . (Filtered Words: 0)
During fiscal year 1960 , seven courses were conducted : Application of Histochemistry to Pathology , Forensic Pathology , Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals , Pathology of the Oral Regions , Ophthalmic Pathology , Forensic Sciences Symposium , and Orthopedic Pathology . (Filtered Words: 0)
They also instituted a ration system under which all employers in the Congo were required to furnish their employes with clothing and adequate food . (Filtered Words: 0)
There apparently is no school of propaganda or psychological warfare . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could be lavishly generous with friends , cab drivers and bellboys , but with dealers he was tough . (Filtered Words: 0)
and [FILTERED] , secretary . (Filtered Words: 1)
And all this too shall pass away : it came to him out of some dim corner of memory from a church service when he was a boy -- yes , in a white church with a thin spur steeple in the patriarchal Hudson Valley , where a feeling of plenitude was normal in those English-Dutch manors with their well-fed squires . (Filtered Words: 0)
He continued as a popular lecturer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Emcee [FILTERED] insists [FILTERED]'s campaign slogan for governor of California is , `` Knight Must Fall '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 2)
I recoil from the very thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Helping foreign countries to build a sound political structure is more important than aiding them economically , [FILTERED] , assistant secretary of state for economic affairs told members of the World Affairs Council Monday night . (Filtered Words: 1)
But this one was . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , there were difficulties with the flow and spreading of the foam mixture over the mold surface , trouble with lack of gel strength in the rising foam , and problems of splits . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bible is as obviously and truly food for the spirit as bread is food for the body . (Filtered Words: 0)
What they wished for most was security ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Fifty years ago the general raising of the school-leaving age to sixteen was an example of this movement . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was taken to University Hospital in a municipal ambulance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dead controlled the material prosperity of the living , and the living adhered to strict codes of conduct in order not to weaken that control . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , really there is none at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finish installing and connecting up your furnace and your water heater before you wall them in . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It is a British [FILTERED] , the smallest they make '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
They depend on my supposedly expert knowledge of a trade of which they themselves know little . (Filtered Words: 0)
By early June they were a hundred miles off the coast of Ceylon , by which time all four missionaries were hardened seafarers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But I have no permission to re-enter France , and I have just left '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
A pronounced ideological diffusion -- i.e. , inability to identify independently with given ideas and value systems -- is reflected in many ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her arm bled slightly , and the offended skin cried out in pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had been a very long time that had no form and no end . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] remembered a Bathyran meeting long ago . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] verse had to find endurance in a world of burning cities and burning Jews . (Filtered Words: 1)
He milks the latest scientific advances , translating them into his own special [FILTERED] vocabulary to huckster his fake machines as a cure-all for everything from hay fever to sexual impotence and cancer . (Filtered Words: 1)
A light-colored roof will reduce sun heat by 50 per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kept sayin , not me , not me , I don't wanta wind up like em . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fewer nos she has to utter the more effective they will be . (Filtered Words: 0)
chemical studies are being pursued with the cooperation of K.G. Untch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boston , Mass. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Among its most spectacular features are its falls , the highest being Upper Yosemite which drops 2,425 feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Know this : the ministers will not yield to the demands of Bern '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty said , `` I don't know '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said he wanted very much to listen . (Filtered Words: 0)
So Meltzer learned a new trade from Banks , who supplied the town and the hotels with meat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , there must be clarity : a single distinct impression is more valuable than many fuzzy ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
The record books , however , would favor the Giants' ace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Included in the findings are : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1819 under royal command he undertook a very successful geological expedition to Bornholm , one of the Danish islands , being one of three scientists in the expedition . (Filtered Words: 0)
These problems frequently arise where a firm is making items for the Government not directly along the lines of its normal civilian business or where the Government specifications require operations that the firm did not understand when it undertook the contract . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of all their worldly belongings , next to the oxen and his gun , the seed grain had been the most treasured . (Filtered Words: 0)
I consider it the center of the world and make it a point to be there once a year '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come on . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wanted to just throw myself into the good works of this fine group . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who refused to believe that He was the eternal Son of God were termed Arianists . (Filtered Words: 0)
To have Christ dwelling through faith in your hearts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fault was Rameau's and that of the whole culture of this Parisian age . (Filtered Words: 0)
These new poems have only a few direct references to jazz and jazz musicians , but they show changes in Patchen's approach to his poetry , for he has tried to enter into and understand the emotional attitude of the jazz musician . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll just tell him you're my husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
So were a lot of other people . (Filtered Words: 0)
This would help the little peanut districts '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cold lingered , making sleep difficult that night , and he remained in bed still the next morning , now unable to keep from thinking about the inexplicable sight of burning metal , the wretched sound , the unbearable feeling of having been to a remote Tokyo temple at some earlier time in his life . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most distressing of these scenes occurred at Spring Green toward the end of the open warfare , on a beautiful day in June . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything , thereafter , is permitted him except the love he remembers and has never ceased to need . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seven years later he was asked to become director of the Pittsburgh Symphony . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are many ways of producing a foamed urethane product . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fifty yards away from the barn he dodged inside a barber's shop and came out at the back . (Filtered Words: 0)
We should hope that peace corps projects will be truly international and that our citizens will find themselves working alongside citizens of the host country and also volunteers from other lands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Increasing threats on his life finally convinced [FILTERED] that he should leave New Mexico . (Filtered Words: 1)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The congruence of its secants is therefore of order Af and class Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
All the manuals for setting up vocational courses stress the importance of first making a local survey of skill needs , of estimating the growth of local jobs , and of consulting with local employers on the types of courses and their content . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are three possibilities : ( A ) Af remains tangent to C as it is translated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Because the buses would not stop on the parkway , land for bus stations and for parking areas nearby will be needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] manufactured plastic tongue depressors . (Filtered Words: 1)
if we'd really been trying to get him dead drunk we'd have had to go out for more wine . (Filtered Words: 0)
They criticized parents for never having emphasized traditional concepts of right and wrong ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And one finds it again in [FILTERED] ) to the effect that the Mayflower on its second voyage brought a cargo of Negro slaves . (Filtered Words: 1)
He does not really approve of levity and laughter , but sex is the deadly sin . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Pittsburgh . (Filtered Words: 1)
The effluent was collected through two pipes and discharged to the Blue River through a surface drainage ditch . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Being at the polls was just like being at church . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Eleanor Roosevelt Tractor Committee acts on behalf of the Cuban freedom fighters . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And if the dive goes OK he has the exclusive import rights to your line for this country , is that right '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I did exactly as instructed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A good word for it is fellowship . (Filtered Words: 0)
And thus far , Mr. [FILTERED] has offered very little relief . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is obvious when it is remembered that , during childbirth , the vagina must dilate enough to permit the passage of the baby . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Line ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And the basic character of that liberalism has been spiritual rather than economic . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] listened with the practiced , deceptive calm of the lawyer , but his face was in the shadow . (Filtered Words: 1)
The walls feel slippery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once inside , keep your eyes open '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , another test of the questionaire was made . (Filtered Words: 0)
embassy workers are expected to entertain him according to his whim , frequently with their savings for the children's college tuition . (Filtered Words: 0)
English philosopher [FILTERED] debt to Wordsworth and Meredith is a recent interesting example , as also [FILTERED] understanding of the English romantics , chiefly [FILTERED] and Wordsworth . (Filtered Words: 3)
Nothing is peeled . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's a little contest [FILTERED] and I have '' , she would begin gaily , carrying the anecdote through a frothy and deceptive course . (Filtered Words: 1)
Check the quantity and quality of all of the recreation interests already existing at the site . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , [FILTERED] said , grappling with her outsized armload of dolls with a [FILTERED]-like effect . (Filtered Words: 2)
Within the Organization of American States , there may be some criticism of this unilateral American intervention which was not without risk obviously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Barton hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
You will come up with a frightening total . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a dismal , drizzly day but a good one on which to score over the Augusta National course . (Filtered Words: 0)
Absolution for his lie ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The rolling farms of Maryland , the peerless metropolis of New York City , the verdant mountains of Vermont can all be included in your Northeast vacation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , even in such languages tone analysis has not been as simple as one might expect . (Filtered Words: 0)
All model cars are not available in all countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Associated in a sense with the Manchester School through his mother's family , [FILTERED] conveys in this biography something of its moral conviction and drive . (Filtered Words: 1)
Reverend Jason got one , the Canadians the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
He laughed , suddenly , feeling a surge of power telling him of his hold over them , seeing himself before them , receiving utmost respect and attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's so crazy '' , I told him once . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once , they were at [FILTERED] for the summer ( again , [FILTERED] said , a good place , even though they were being robbed ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
It omits , for example , practically the whole line of great nineteenth century English social critics , nearly all the great writers whose basic position is religious , and all those who are with more or less accuracy called Existentialists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Checkit ( Faber Hanover-Supermarket ) 2:35 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He himself had heard that there was gangster money in the company , but that had nothing to do with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the Industrial Revolution , when factories emerged , this classical pattern has been followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have attempted to simplify the extensive task of analyzing onset ages and completion ages of each child -- more than 1700 values for the entire group -- by constructing figures for each of the 21 centers so that the data for all 34 boys and 34 of the girls will appear together for each growth center . (Filtered Words: 0)
The automobile maintenance unit , or motor pool , came into existence in 1942 and has been responsible for centralized maintenance and management of state-owned transportation since that time . (Filtered Words: 0)
the 7 , Hwa-Shan in Shensi , West China ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But for the average citizen , unfortunately , this is one of science's worst-marked channels , full of tricky currents and unknown depths . (Filtered Words: 0)
He then offered his own estimate of the weather , which was unenthusiastic . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` See that kid '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic objectives in each instance are to make available supplies of food during the intervals between harvesting or slaughter , to minimize losses resulting from the action of microorganisms and insects , and to make it possible to transport foods from the area of harvest or production to areas of consumption . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the wide range of experiences common to our earth-bound race none is more difficult to manage , more troublesome , and more enduring in its effects than the control of love and hate . (Filtered Words: 0)
So why don't you be a good boy and '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
The head was wrapped in a turban and on top of the turban rode a great hamper across which a piece of poncho had been flung . (Filtered Words: 0)
A nude imaginary picture of [FILTERED] flashed across [FILTERED]'s mind . (Filtered Words: 2)
Reduced to beggary , he at last got a job as office boy to a television producer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because he couldn't hear them , he was more convinced they were there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an interpretation could not be justified by a construction of the statute alone ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sommers , you bale while we row '' , [FILTERED] commanded . (Filtered Words: 1)
Oh ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
But I said I would first have to get the author's permission . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sagged and slashed at him wildly . (Filtered Words: 1)
They can be effective , however , if their members set high standards for candidates and devote substantial time to the work . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a historian , with the great merit of a historian's long view . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ran his string of successful conversions this season to 13 straight before one went astray last Saturday night in the 41-8 slaughter of Washington State . (Filtered Words: 0)
Off Grand Isle , yachters often visit the towering oil rigs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bizarre : He could hear the word . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be a 16-hour training day . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the phenomena observed had such a degree of analogy to those depending on electrical distribution that one could not find the slightest difference . (Filtered Words: 0)
The aborigines fastened upon it with a concentration beyond pathos . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the time he had been at college he had achieved a certain tranquility and composure by accepting the fact that there were certain things he could never know . (Filtered Words: 0)
But no : Prokofieff grew . (Filtered Words: 0)
After she had served the detectives coffee and toast ( they politely declined eggs , uncomfortable about their tenancy ) , she settled down with a morning newspaper and began reading the stock market quotations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now you're ready for a whirlwind sightseeing tour of America's most exciting city . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gavin's stallion was in the barn and he tightened the cinches over the saddle blanket , working by touch in the darkness , comforting the animal with easy words . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , there was no real question of the justice of creating a strong Poland , both industrially and agriculturally , and one unplagued by large minorities of Germans or Russians . (Filtered Words: 0)
They discussed this possibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` By observing the conductor '' , he says with a twinkle in his eyes , `` I learned how not to conduct '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , competitor of Mr. [FILTERED] in this farm community , says his business since August 1 is running 50% above a year earlier . (Filtered Words: 2)
He dropped down to five hundred feet , swinging a little north of the city of Tacloban , and punched into the opening that showed against the mountain . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is both great writing and profound religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the words fell into a pattern : `` [FILTERED] the Mutton is scratching her nose , Scratching her nose in the rain . (Filtered Words: 1)
But not [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
We were there at a moment when the situation in Laos threatened to ignite another war among the world's giants . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or was that after the torso and legs , waist to toe-tips , of the little girl which had grown from his side ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Erikson has noted that , unless this trust developed early , the time ambivalence experienced , in varying degree and temporarily , by all adolescents ( as a result of their remembering the more immediate gratification of wants during childhood , while not yet having fully accepted the long-range planning required by adulthood ) may develop into a more permanent sense of time diffusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Persia , where practically speaking there are no museums or libraries or , for that matter , hardly any books , the twins run free . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alfred ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , when she learned [FILTERED] was heading home : `` I'm just speculating , but I have to think [FILTERED] feels he's hurting Boston's chances '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Several materials or combinations of materials can be used to construct a satisfactory feed bunk . (Filtered Words: 0)
A & M has the best defense against passes , 34.7 yards per game . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was Bartoli's shop . (Filtered Words: 0)
The higher price supports provided by the new legislation , together with rising prices for farm products , are pushing up farm income , making it possible for farmers to afford the new machinery . (Filtered Words: 0)
What has it all come to ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But clarity is not enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had all been laughing , joking , when suddenly the engine had failed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Midwest , oxidation ponds are used extensively for the treatment of domestic sewage from suburban areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their collaboration in the Beethoven Second Symphony was lucid , intelligent and natural sounding . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a parent with a child to nurture , here and now , and he is an educator who worries about the children half way round the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` leapfrog '' was a phenomenon of the railroad and the steam turbine , and the time when the belts of residence surrounding the old factory area were not yet blighted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Little by little , during the week , [FILTERED] and I discovered the crazy unbelievable way Nadine and Wally had lived . (Filtered Words: 1)
My answer is in the negative because I believe that total capital demands during the Sixties will continue to press against available supplies , and interest rates will generally tend to be firm at high levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
I like sawdust for this , or hay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Which was poison gas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] , Provost , Vice-President and Professor of English in the University of Illinois , was appointed Associate Secretary General . (Filtered Words: 1)
She must not think about time . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , one of the major reasons for the failure of the ill-starred expedition appears to have been a lack of full information on the extent to which Cuba has been getting this Russian military equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The board will be able to increase , decrease , add or eliminate budget items , subject to the Mayor's veto ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Frequently we are given assurance that automatically all ideas will be sifted and resifted and in the end only the good ones will survive . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is difficult to measure the direction and magnitude of R directly . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] exclaimed , with true affection . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Boss wants performance , not gripes . (Filtered Words: 0)
they will trust only their physical sensations , the wisdom of the body , the holy promptings of the unconscious . (Filtered Words: 0)
How long would it be occupied ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Stanley had gone out , saying he would be back in an hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clock on the mantel piece was scandalized and ticked so loudly that he glanced at it over his shoulder and then quickly left the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
More volunteer handlers needed to judge (Filtered Words: 0)
When he had left , I could never remember whether he had poked them in their middles , laughingly , with a thick index finger or whether he was merely so much the sort of person who did this that one assumed the action , not bothering to look . (Filtered Words: 0)
a trillion peas would fill all the houses in a town of about ten thousand people ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hardly anyone ashore marked her as she anchored stern-to off [FILTERED] 29 on the mole . (Filtered Words: 1)
He gathered one of the biggest collections of [FILTERED] in the world . (Filtered Words: 1)
St. John 3 : 8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are a good many of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Amen '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most convincing recent measurement of an anaconda was made in eastern Colombia by [FILTERED] , a petroleum geologist of the Richmond Oil Company , and reported in 1944 by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
It comes to you that probably he did feel that way to let you use him like you did when you couldn't have [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Bluntly , there never was a Ptolemaic system of astronomy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , you cannot '' , I said , pushing aside the water jar he offered to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
We used to kid him by saying he only painted that way because he was so nearsighted . (Filtered Words: 0)
) There was nothing to indicate that Lauren Payne was primitive . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has never , himself , done anything for which to be hated -- which of us has ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
sometimes he would be up before dawn , clad as a garbage collector and hurling pails into areaways to exasperate us , and thereafter would hurry to the Bronx Zoo to grimace at the lions and press cigar butts against their paws . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two of the vital qualities demanded of a politician by other politicians are that he always keep a confidence and that he keep his word . (Filtered Words: 0)
The seventh man was [FILTERED] , a wiry little puncher with a wild streak and a liking for hell-raising . (Filtered Words: 1)
She did not call out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Further , the corpuscular radiation , i.e. , the solar-wind protons , must sputter away the surface atoms of the dust and cause a slow diminution in size , with a resultant increase in both the Poynting-Robertson effect and the ratio of the repulsive force to the gravitational force . (Filtered Words: 0)
We're going to get married . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tone and intonation often become seriously intermeshed . (Filtered Words: 0)
His energy was gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
With such a force of manned bombers we could bring enormous pressure to bear on an enemy , and this pressure would be selective and extremely discriminating . (Filtered Words: 0)
Corporate existence (Filtered Words: 0)
The music died away discordantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He may find even moderate physical exertion uncomfortable , because excess body fat hampers his breathing and restricts his muscular movement . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shunned publicity for himself and sought to avoid fame . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe in time to make a cross and dig our graves '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The big man seldom gave out with such thoughts . (Filtered Words: 0)
He won the Masters , the United States Open and a record $80,738 in prize money . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nae , man '' , said [FILTERED] , `` ye must be countin' the echoes '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
I can never pronounce it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Judge [FILTERED] , the vegetarian black snake ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The 187-mile Illinois State Toll Highway , for example , was not opened over its entire length until December , 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He worked his tongue round and round in the hollow of his cheek and his voice came out of his throat , dry and cracked . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Theatre-by-the-Sea , [FILTERED] , presents `` King Of Hearts '' by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
Fulton was a very close friend of Jackson , and had been his private secretary for a number of years in the old days . (Filtered Words: 0)
A high-legged buffet provides easy-to-reach serving , a cocktail table has small snack tables tucked under each end , recessed arched panels decorate a 60-inch long chest . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Arbuckle '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Lacking specific instructions , he agreed to [FILTERED]'s condition . (Filtered Words: 1)
improvise cha-chas on the harp ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
After the war , [FILTERED] had wanted [FILTERED] at least to visit her home with her . (Filtered Words: 2)
She replied . (Filtered Words: 0)
A full description of the DIOCS , DTF , and DUF statements is contained in the 7070 Data Processing System Bulletin `` IBM 7070 Input/Output Control System '' , form Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , tolerance by us of such practices results in serious waste and diversion of aid resources and in the long run generates anti-American sentiment of a kind peculiarly damaging to our political interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cast : (Filtered Words: 0)
And all this too shall pass away : it came to him out of some dim corner of memory from a church service when he was a boy -- yes , in a white church with a thin spur steeple in the patriarchal Hudson Valley , where a feeling of plenitude was normal in those English-Dutch manors with their well-fed squires . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet after 1832 , the interrelations of economic and social and political affairs become blurred and the narrative becomes largely a conventional political account . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had made curtains for all the windows of her little house , and she had kept it spotless and neat , shabby as it was , and cooked good meals for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Such efforts almost always find themselves compelled to ask whether [FILTERED] was created capable of growing old and then older and then still older , in short , whether [FILTERED]'s life was intended to be part of the process of time . (Filtered Words: 2)
Get it out '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And I done favors for you , big favor not so long back , didn't I , and I'm right here to take on where [FILTERED] left off . (Filtered Words: 1)
and it is still very far from certain how valid the party's claim is that in `` a growing number of kolkhozes '' the peasants are finding it more profitable , to surrender their private plots to the kolkhoz and to let the latter be turned into something increasingly like a state farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 large onion , chopped fine 2 tablespoons salad oil 1 8-oz. can crushed pineapple and 1/2 cup of the juice 1/4 cup brown sugar 2 tablespoons vinegar 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce pineapple chunks (Filtered Words: 0)
As artists we feel the same obligation , as do other individuals , in considering ourselves responsible citizens of a great nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is especially true of red wines , and a practice which , though not always practicable , is well worth the effort . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Several times recently I have wondered whether shows were being staged for the sake of the script or just to entertain the audience with the spectacle of scenery being shifted right in front of their eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
furthermore , Congress could not be presumed to have intended to obstruct mergers approved by the states . (Filtered Words: 0)
so , all things considered , the highway commissioners would seem to be elected . (Filtered Words: 0)
This also gave them the unpleasant duty of being spokesmen for the mission , and they could foresee that that would not be easy . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , in Vowel-Length And Syllabicity In Kikuyu , examines one set of related orthographic questions and its phonologic background in detail . (Filtered Words: 1)
He swayed like a drunkard , his arms milling in slow circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gannon contributed saving plays on the Falcons' aerial thrusts in the late stages . (Filtered Words: 0)
The performance also marked the debut of a most promising young conductor , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The whole length of Essex bridge is one thousand and thirty feet and its breadth thirty-four . (Filtered Words: 0)
Locked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reply : (Filtered Words: 0)
Bergson and [FILTERED] announce that `` the secret is the center of a philosophy '' and thereafter a hundred followers declare secrecy a higher verity . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] easily looked years older than himself , settled , his world comfortably categorized . (Filtered Words: 1)
That , however , may also bring the police , if the thinking does not meet with social approval . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Reverend [FILTERED] had scarcely completed [FILTERED] last rites on Boot Hill in the township of Petrie , when shots were heard in the distance . (Filtered Words: 2)
The Institute is engaged in an extensive program of medico-military scientific research in both morphological and experimental pathology . (Filtered Words: 0)
Informed estimates look for this market to approximately quadruple by the late 1960's , under the stimulus of new applications in the fields of banking and retailing , industrial process control , and information storage and retrieval . (Filtered Words: 0)
In steering the family toward ego-adaptive and away from maladaptive responses , the worker uses time-honored focused casework techniques of specific emotional support , clarification , and anticipatory guidance . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no time in the short Mexican encounter to evolve a solution but the area provided a proving ground for new departures in the near future . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time , added to that which I had already spent in school prior to my induction in 1954 , makes a total of twenty-two ( 22 ) years of education . (Filtered Words: 0)
From behind us came the rapping of the stick and the high-pitched voices of the boys who would grow to devote their lives to rigid study and prayer . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the automobiles that stream out of Hanover each weekend , toward Smith and Wellesley and Mount Holyoke , are no less rakish than those leaving Cambridge or West Philadelphia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Letters by the reams came in from investment firms all over the nation , all of them wanting to get a part of the shares that would be sold ( 185,000 to the public at $12.50 , with another 5,000 reserved for Morton Foods employes at $11.50 a share ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each time he got the same answer and in the end he gave up . (Filtered Words: 0)
and by their demanding tend to create resources of men's minds and hearts which problems with easy answers do not bring forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plus the fact that [FILTERED] not only had the normal ( to Earthmen ) three genders of masculine , feminine , and neuter , but the two extra of inanimate and spiritual . (Filtered Words: 1)
In mid-September 1918 , the influenza-pneumonia pandemic swept through every American military camp ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mary presented quite a different problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh '' , said Mr. [FILTERED] , `` that's fine , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
For a moment or two , both scenes are present simultaneously , one growing weaker , one growing stronger . (Filtered Words: 0)
One morning , we discovered not only that the pennies were missing from the idol but that a cigarette had been stubbed out in its lap . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accident , murder , suicide -- take your pick '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It should be appallingly apparent that city-trading is not a profitable military tactic . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to say that at a moment in history something is new is not necessarily to say that it is modern ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] hope is that , at the conference or through bilateral talks , the low-wage textile-producing countries in Asia and Europe will see that `` dumping '' practices cause friction all around and may result in import quotas . (Filtered Words: 1)
A group of native trees or plants which are outstanding in a particular county can be featured at the site . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I will . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today the cancer is gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude had the opportunity to take the bottle of opium from [FILTERED]'s room . (Filtered Words: 1)
The first reason would never apply to a reorganization transfer which meets the conditions of section 381(a) , which is the only type presently under discussion . (Filtered Words: 0)
A compromise will leave both sides without the glow of triumph , but it will save Berlin . (Filtered Words: 0)
The firm also handles gin and oil mill supplies such as belting , bearings , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the young child this may be no more than providing food , light or movement . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then there was [FILTERED]'s engagement to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
She stared at the pale tracings on the tree , hearing her breath refracted from it , her face close and touching at time the rough edges of the bark . (Filtered Words: 0)
One by one , these errors were discussed and one by one he rejected accepting them as errors . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] opposes any widespread relief from a High Court depletion ruling . (Filtered Words: 1)
) has amounted to about one third of those total revenue requirements which the carload freight business is supposed to be called upon to meet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hastily the boy switched on a ceiling light . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'll move to [FILTERED] after years in Paris . (Filtered Words: 1)
I took the pail and shovel and went out on the porch . (Filtered Words: 0)
The replacement of the slide-lock side safety catch will make this lever-action favorite more appealing than ever since the new safety is easier and faster to operate . (Filtered Words: 0)
he often uses very odd rhythms , which makes it difficult , and challenging , for the lyric writer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had left both of his eyes uncovered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Retirement (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] felt capable of capturing the affection of the children , anxious even , since she and Bobbie had had none of their own . (Filtered Words: 1)
The audience had come not to be entertained but to judge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , when specifically permitted , the operand of a given line on the Autocoder coding sheet may be continued in the operand of from one to four additional lines which immediately follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
His dark brows , which had been lowered in anger , smoothed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Section 7 is designed to arrest in its incipiency not only the substantial lessening of competition from the acquisition by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation , but also to arrest in their incipiency restraints or monopolies in a relevant market which , as a reasonable probability , appear at the time of suit likely to result from the acquisition by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Homemade of meat , bones and vegetables , it is rich in dissolved minerals and vitamins . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , in chronological order , Mr. [FILTERED] covers the primary campaigns , the conventions and the Presidential campaign itself . (Filtered Words: 1)
Salaries compare favorably with those paid to the first two or three levels of management . (Filtered Words: 0)
There hadn't been anything really personal in her interest in me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gross paused and repeated himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
An old man , sitting against the wall of a cottage and waiting for the sun to find him , gave her a more than reflective look as she passed , the sap still plainly rising in his branches . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I must hurry to catch my train '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The United States and Canada belong only to NATO and the new O.E.C.D. . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he discovered they had received from the Company's Court of Directors no permission to live in India , coupled with the fact that they were Americans who had been sent to Asia to convert `` the heathen '' , he became more belligerent than ever . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm telling you , if these corpses ever knew the trouble they put us to , they'd think twice before letting themselves get knocked off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Retirement policies (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , as we increase the number of desegregated school districts and schools themselves , how can we achieve this action through school board action ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was told that it was a sort of hotel for white people , which seemed to him rather queer . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps it was because it was so late , and because she had no business to be here now . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the only love I was giving him was the pure kind . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ran up the steps quickly to the plank porch . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Philippi bridge , however , was the [FILTERED] master piece , with its 139-foot , dual lane , span -- and it stands today as a monument to its builders . (Filtered Words: 1)
The man closed his eyes and nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the brigadier dines on the birds with relish . (Filtered Words: 0)
geochemistry (Filtered Words: 0)
How was she to behave , [FILTERED] wondered . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had vanished ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Cut it out '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The odds thus appear favorable that the secretary's neck may be spared . (Filtered Words: 0)
They told police the intruders took a mink coat worth $700 , a black Persian lamb jacket worth $450 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the dominance in parasympathetic action ( with reciprocal inhibition of the sympathetic ) at the hypothalamic level induces , by its peripheral action , the autonomic symptoms of sleep and , by its action on the cortex , a lessening in the reactivity of the sensory and motor apparatus of the somatic nervous system . (Filtered Words: 0)
Begin the examination of a site with a good map and aerial photos if possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is one thing I know ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And we'll never know which . (Filtered Words: 0)
they climbed the stairs which creaked , very loudly to their sensitive ears , and reached the next floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't even send flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
for the mice , we restrict attention to litters of eight ( Af ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Biological agents are , moreover , suitable for delivery through enemy sabotage which imposes many problems in defense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spectacular displays of this sort are relatively rare in the entire land surface of the earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not until the words had been spoken did Abel suddenly see the old house and the insistent sea , and feel his contrition blotted out in one shameful moment of covetousness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before leaving , he took one last , lingering look at the apartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] , too , was being interrupted , that morning . (Filtered Words: 1)
But neither was Lilian her baptismal name . (Filtered Words: 0)
As cholesterol piles up , it narrows , irritates and damages the artery , encouraging formation of calcium deposits and slowing circulation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whichever the way , he would rot in this vast choking green , his wife never to receive an urn of his ashes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned , then , to look toward the lighted Boulevard , and saw Rourke's tall , emaciated figure come out of the lounge and hurriedly start to angle across the street toward the opposite side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , at Ye Olde Gasse Filling Station on Avocado Avenue , they learned that their man , having paused to get oil for his car , had asked about the route to San Diego . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was an idea . (Filtered Words: 0)
When no medical problems exist , the newly married couple generally prefer to cope with the adjustments of their new relationship by themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
And most of the gain will be in self-unloading vehicles '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Needless to say , my art suffered drastically during this turbulent period . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abel sat and regarded the farm country which , spreading out from both sides of the road , rolled greenly up to where the silent white houses and long barns and silos nested into the tilled fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's the only copy I've got '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rexroth uses many of his early poems when he reads to jazz , including many of his Chinese and Japanese translations ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
stereo BGS 5031 ) is a good sample of the special , elegant art of English madrigal singing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whereas the primary meanings of the [FILTERED] diagram seemed to have been based on its inner mathematical properties -- and we shall see that even its secondary meanings rested on some mathematical bases -- the urgent desire to place everything into categories of fives led to other groupings based on other numbers , until an exaggerated emphasis on mere numerology pervaded Chinese thought . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I expect to be tough as a knott as soon as I get over the Georgia Shitts '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No house was ever built that could not have been built better for less if the work had been better planned and the work better scheduled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because I'm looking for the son of a bitch that killed that old man , and I'm going to get him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sits there remembering the tense moment before the ball was snapped ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
but in this respect it was merely following the accepted Chinese convention for all maps . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You get that kid over to Rose's house '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is one difference between Bird and [FILTERED] which should be pointed out . (Filtered Words: 1)
apparently it is not . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Julia '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Remember to tell that to the next corpse you meet '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is a tax benefit which might be of substantial value to a corporation which expects to have a high excess profits tax . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] cut over to center from left field to get the relay . (Filtered Words: 1)
The great `` sea to the westwards '' was a dead end . (Filtered Words: 0)
To avoid passing over quiet , unaggressive teachers as well as to decide whether others merit promotion , review of the right of faculty members to promotion or salary increases should be made periodically whether or not they have been recommended for advancement by their departments . (Filtered Words: 0)
About 90 percent of the corn used in the United States is fed to animals . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are not true because scientists or prophets say they are true . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No longer than yours . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , cut it out , [FILTERED] '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
It would allow presentation to the public of a unified approach . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were further stripped of old wive's tales by seeing the slender , lovely Russian girls performing feats requiring tremendous strength and with not one bulging muscle . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I should say it is the turning of courts of law into veritable theatres for sex dramas , involving clergymen and parishioners , psychiatrists and patients . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theoretical discussion of paraxial device resolution (Filtered Words: 0)
Strong hands act ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has written that `` non-violence and good will of the victim act like the lack of physical opposition by the user of physical jiu-jitsu , to cause the attacker to lose his moral balance . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was moving up to the allowance department after winning a $10,000 claiming event . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sweating so much ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A telephone line had been hooked up to connect the ship with the Base exchange . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among foreign countries responding were Germany , Canada , Brazil and India . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] meet [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Various metal ions have been found to protect plasma arylesterase against inactivation by urea and guanidine . (Filtered Words: 0)
A nation such as Switzerland could be neutralized by agreement and could be relied upon to protect its neutrality ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion without supernaturalism (Filtered Words: 0)
After a moment he extended one hand , the fingers curled . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So it wasn't the earthquake that made him return to his village '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is also the climax to one of the absorbing chapters in our current political history . (Filtered Words: 0)
Considering what is being done compared to what needs to be done , it behooves the hospital management to do some mighty careful planning toward making the best possible use of the increase granted . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it's goin' to go on like this year after year until the white people take over this land '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The attempt to enforce that belief ushered in a reign of bootleggers , racketeers , hijackers and gangsters that led to a breakdown of law unparalleled in our history . (Filtered Words: 0)
their talk and their feeling had been as deep and warm , as steeped in light , as the air around them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Knowledge that thousands of school districts are involved and observation that school desegregation has occurred in only a handful in 1959-1960 leads to a conclusion that desegregation-from-court-order is slow . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh that's [FILTERED] , Mama [FILTERED] said fondly . (Filtered Words: 2)
She showed no interest at all in the life he had led back home , and it hurt him a little . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll stampede the rest . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Never mind , thank you '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is , of course , the doctrine of original sin , which asserts that each of us as individuals partakes of the guilt of our first ancestor . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found the pilot light and turned on one of the burners for her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Circumstances gave her almost undisputed sway over child-rearing , money-handling and home maintenance . (Filtered Words: 0)
) It is issued weekly throughout the college year . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the first glass of [FILTERED] d'Yquem or [FILTERED] is a great deal better than the last '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 2)
One of those delightful surprise additions , which so frequently occur in jazz programs , was an excellent stint at the drums by the great [FILTERED] , drumming to `` Old Man River '' , which seems to have been elected the favorite solo for the boys on the batterie at this year's concerts . (Filtered Words: 1)
The wife , Amra , and her lover are both savagely portrayed , she as incarnate sensuality , `` voluptuous '' and `` indolent '' , possibly `` a mischief maker '' , with `` a kind of luxurious cunning '' to set against her apparent simplicity , her `` birdlike brain '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can lead you to every one of the bodies , and there ain't four , nor five , nor six of 'em -- there's seven ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The driver told police he followed as the Negro man got out of the cab with his money . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any information we have here in Taiwan is at your disposal '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never rebuilt , the bridge was strengtened in 1938 by two extra piers , a concrete floor , and a walk-way along the upper side in order to care for modern traffic . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- In France he had puzzled the meaning of the great stone monuments men had thrown up to the sky , and always as he wandered , he felt a stranger to their exultation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The above discussion does not mean to imply that control factors were completely in abeyance in the Kohnstamm-positive subjects ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He's my own horse , and what I collect from him I use on blackjack . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her mother would be fast asleep curled up against that wonderful , big , safe , solid shoulder next to her on the front seat . (Filtered Words: 0)
As shown in Figure 3 , the protoplasm of other fibers was pale , granular , or flocculated and invaded by phagocytes . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the moment , the three men were not saying much of anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
The author begins this volume with a close-up of Mr. [FILTERED] , his family and his entourage waiting for the returns . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sir -- I hasten to join in praise of the men in the toll booths on the Garden State Parkway . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were sitting together , talking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Resourceful voices (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the New York Times : (Filtered Words: 0)
The address of the first cell and the number of cells used is written in the information cell for the form . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , Margenau remarks : `` A large number of unrelated epicycles was needed to explain the observations , but otherwise the ( [FILTERED] ) system served well and with quantitative precision . (Filtered Words: 1)
The West was now glad to propose the 1919 Curzon Line , which was substantially Russia's 1941 border , as the boundary between Russia and Poland . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] found Af to be trigonal , [FILTERED] symmetry Af , with Af , Af . (Filtered Words: 2)
Yes : though not professional musicians , they were a music-loving family . (Filtered Words: 0)
Artists simply do not talk to each other in that fashion ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1931 Mrs. [FILTERED] , agent and chief operator , who was to retire in 1946 with thirty years' service , led agency offices in sales for the year with $2,490 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The way his red rubber lips were stretched across his pearly little teeth I thought he was only having a little joke , but , no , he wanted me to bend down from the roar of wind so he could roar something into my ear . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Virdon has been blasting the ball . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was tingling within . (Filtered Words: 0)
The school year does not end for any student until he has completed his last examination of the semester . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfriendly political groups will no doubt do everything in their power to promote active hostility . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , for the present , great caution should be exercised in the choice of an experimental animal for pulmonary studies if they are to be applied to man . (Filtered Words: 0)
You must also wear a car coat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the thing for us to do is to find ourselves a couple of those wonderful flowering currants such as the red [FILTERED] sanguineum of our Pacific Northwest , or otherwise a good sloe tree , or perhaps some nice pussy willow in bloom , preferably one with male or staminate catkins . (Filtered Words: 1)
Most others have been content to give only the most general attention to the broadest and most obvious features of the phonology when designing orthographies . (Filtered Words: 0)
A frequent pitfall in this sort of arrangement , experts warn , is a tendency to pay the wife more than her job is worth and to set aside an excessive amount for her as retirement income . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently not more than dusting had ever been done , and not much of that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind Ramey feet scraped beneath sharp questioning whispers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We're getting more ' pro ' letters than ' con ' on horse race betting '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was Mr. [FILTERED] , bellowing out in the hall . (Filtered Words: 1)
He picked up the photograph and began to wrap it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its truth is illustrated by the skill , sensitivity , and general expertise of the English professor with whom one attends the theatre . (Filtered Words: 0)
These programs are volumes of waste paper and lost hours if the citizens of a community must stand aside while land developers tell them when , where , and in what manner the community shall grow . (Filtered Words: 0)
The effectiveness of the governor in clearing up some of the inconsistencies revolving about the sales tax bill may play a part in determining whether it can muster the required two-thirds vote . (Filtered Words: 0)
The din was successful , too , for just before the moon disappeared , the frightened toad had begun to spit it out again , which meant good luck all around . (Filtered Words: 0)
He keeps the beat going . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's its name ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , I heard it in the news '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' , he conceded finally , `` if you must know , I don't get along with the landlord . (Filtered Words: 0)
Checkit ( Faber Hanover-Supermarket ) 2:35 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
How long would it be occupied ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In his office , Mr. [FILTERED] replaced the phone slowly . (Filtered Words: 1)
We will not yield to the demands of Bern '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
What we need to realize is that the increasingly great contamination of the atmosphere by the Soviet tests had radically increased our own moral obligations . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had a loving touch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence the minimal polynomial for Af is Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
There , Gregorio said , [FILTERED] wrote a complete statement of his offense . (Filtered Words: 1)
and Volume 2 , , with about 3500 monoclinic substances . (Filtered Words: 0)
He handed the bayonet to [FILTERED] and kept the pistol . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rather they are genuine clods , proud of their cloddishness and openly antagonistic to the illuminating influences of aesthetics or thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
The original impulses came to England late ( in the sixteenth century ) and continue strong long after everyone else had gone on to the baroque basso continuo , sonatas , operas and the like . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were stunning musical phrases too , and sometimes the deepest kind of musical and poetic absorption and communication . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All these kind of things weaken us '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Jump off is tomorrow night when the Packs meet St. Louis in their season home opener . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outlook for the amateur , for instance , is usually dependent on his fondness for local history or for the picturesque . (Filtered Words: 0)
As soon as an experimental tug assures you that roots have taken over , cut it off from the mother plant . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first meeting was held in Faneuil Hall , a great big place where we were able to meet members from all the other states . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] et haec olim meminisse iuvabit , as the Roman poet , [FILTERED] , declared with much more historical sense than most writers of today . (Filtered Words: 2)
In blind panic of grief she accepted [FILTERED]'s dictum , and believed in her desperation that she had been cursed by God . (Filtered Words: 1)
And the major part of my mission to your nest is to make a treaty between your race and mine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you have anything for me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Does the writer know the difference between an `` ersatz '' ballad or tall tale and a true product of the folk ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If we had , then one of us would have had to go instead . (Filtered Words: 0)
They seem to believe that a person will act automatically as soon as he contacts something new . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those whom I wish to address with this letter are for the most part unknown to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did he trouble to memorize the very small part which I had `` tailor-made '' to his specifications , a role eventually cut down to three short speeches ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Payne was more methodical than that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drunk on sake , he must have wandered off from his bivouac . (Filtered Words: 0)
The formula is : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is essentially a landscape painter whose style and direction has a kinship with the English watercolorists of the early nineteenth century , especially the beautifully patterned art of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
They realized the truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
As `` Much Ado '' turned serious while the insipid [FILTERED] rejected [FILTERED] at the altar , a sprinkle began to fall . (Filtered Words: 2)
A startlingly high percentage do not exceed $500 annually , which includes the librarian's salary , and not even the New York Public has enough money to meet its needs -- this in the world's richest city . (Filtered Words: 0)
In defeating `` Louis Capet '' , [FILTERED] victory in Texas signals , once again , the end of the divine right of Liberalism . (Filtered Words: 1)
If many of the characters in contemporary novels appear to be the bloodless relations of characters in a case history it is because the novelist is often forgetful today that those things that we call character manifest themselves in surface behavior , that the ego is still the executive agency of personality , and that all we know of personality must be discerned through the ego . (Filtered Words: 0)
I recalled sympathetically the Duke's complaint in [FILTERED]'s `` My Last Duchess '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
For critics , Hardy has had no poetic periods -- one does not speak of early Hardy or late Hardy , or of the London or Max Gate period , but simply of Hardy , as of a poetic monolith . (Filtered Words: 0)
His eyes now fixed on White's solid figure , Warren could hear behind him the tread of another . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rubber and glass face mask slipped from Poet's forehead , bounced painlessly off Nick's chin , then disappeared . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had attended three universities in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
I tried to explain what has happened , unfailingly , whenever a significant body of Negroes move North . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has a thing or two to mutter about himself , for the Dallas defensive unit turned in another splendid effort against Denver , and the Texans were able to whip the dangerous Broncs without the fullbacking of a top star , [FILTERED] , though he did the team's place-kicking while nursing a knee injury . (Filtered Words: 2)
There was really no place to go , finally , except home to Mae . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the exception of Satires Of Circumstance , each volume contains dated poems ranging over several decades ( Winter Words spans sixty-one years ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the wages of sin , and its sting is the law . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Supreme Court wouldn't even hear my case ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden . (Filtered Words: 0)
Materials : (Filtered Words: 0)
Once inside the luxuriosly-upholstered landau , she drew the curtains and proceeded to give the startled youth the kind of physical examination usually reserved for army inductees . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED]'s area remained as placid as a Florida dawn . (Filtered Words: 1)
And at his last commencement , in that year , Dr. [FILTERED] and Dartmouth were honored by the presence of distinguished academic visitors attesting to the new stature of the college . (Filtered Words: 1)
Was there another [FILTERED] in the Warsaw area , as they suspected ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
At times , clumps of 10 to 15 closely-packed nuclei were also observed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In short , congressional power to grant federal-question authority to federal courts is now apparently so broad that Congress need not create , or specify , the right to be enforced . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one : a package of cigarettes and a tinplated lighter , both sticky from the man's bleeding . (Filtered Words: 0)
The black [FILTERED] seemed to stare rigidly back at him and [FILTERED]'s eyes were caught by the [FILTERED]'s in fascination , and then [FILTERED] was shocked as , all at once , flames shot out from the sharp features of [FILTERED]'s face and there was a terrible metallic scraping sound , as if the large statue were about to burst from some pressure within it . (Filtered Words: 3)
The mayor envisioned factories there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Manchester Journal commented editorially on the surprising amount of local telegraphic business . (Filtered Words: 0)
With his head erect , he approached , not glancing at us , and passed by with his clear eyes raised and fixed straight ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
My name's [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The materials for compromise are at hand : The Nation , [FILTERED] and other sober commentators ( see [FILTERED] on p. 367 ) have spelled them out again and again . (Filtered Words: 2)
Funds contributed by the Government are repaid by a royalty on production from the property . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every Wednesday night through Oct. 11 there will be an elaborate colored fountain display , with 229 nozzles throwing jets of water up to 130 feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
The proper correlation of the art with the academic can be achieved only if this standard is observed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did he trouble to memorize the very small part which I had `` tailor-made '' to his specifications , a role eventually cut down to three short speeches ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If he spun out now , he would join his opponent on the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feebly he pointed an accusing finger at Madame [FILTERED] and shouted : `` Evil woman ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You cheap bitch '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In other areas , Congressional action last week included : (Filtered Words: 0)
We have developed an ingenious method of interlocking these so that you can make the major part of your house in your own workshop , panel by panel , according to plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clayton swung into the saddle and whacked the stallion's rump . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had brushed my teeth , showered , shaved and dressed by the time a waiter wheeled in breakfast . (Filtered Words: 0)
God in Heaven , I can't refuse you now . (Filtered Words: 0)
A better life . (Filtered Words: 0)
You should also begin this exercise with a very light barbell until you become accustomed to it balance-wise . (Filtered Words: 0)
It speared up into the air , then sinking back , the up-jutting branch turned slowly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The blunter the knife , the higher is the value of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
What you think I care about that ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( D ) (Filtered Words: 0)
What is the cost ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He has chosen [FILTERED]. 53 in Aj . (Filtered Words: 1)
3 The Redbirds' disheartening 11-7 collapse against the Phillies Sunday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twenty-four hours after independence the wild tribesmen commenced fighting each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
He made the most of the long Brahmsian phrases , and by the directness and drive of his playing gave the work a handsome performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since 1948 the working headquarters has been the Department of Geology and Mineralogy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The striptease is crass ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
3 (Filtered Words: 0)
data on the boa constrictor about match this . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was just going . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was , to Helva , only a matter of the correct reproduction and diaphragmic control required by the music attempted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus ideas like `` grace '' , `` salvation '' , and `` providence '' cluster together in traditional Christianity . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he went out he told Freddie the dinner was perfect , and when he got his hat and coat from [FILTERED] and put a fifty-cent piece in the slot , he told her to be sure that it went toward her dowry . (Filtered Words: 1)
The board of suspension of the Interstate Commerce commission has ordered a group of railroads not to reduce their freight rates on grain , as they had planned to do this month . (Filtered Words: 0)
These publications replaced the U. S. Naval Medical Bulletin , published continuously from 1907 through 1959 , as well as the Navy's Hospital Corps Quarterly and the Bulletin of the U. S. Army Medical Department , published from 1922 to 1949 . (Filtered Words: 0)
On their way , they stopped at every gas station along the main boulevards to question the attendants . (Filtered Words: 0)
My Cousin Simmons carried a musket , but he had loaded it with bird shot , and as the officer came opposite him , he rose up behind the wall and fired . (Filtered Words: 0)
Crime : ' skyjacked ' (Filtered Words: 0)
The infant , in white terry-cloth bathrobe , her face intense and purposeful , had essayed a few wobbly steps toward her father . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mickie laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I stopped to say goodbye , Mrs. [FILTERED] , and to tell you how sorry I was to hear about your baby . (Filtered Words: 1)
It develops and analyzes the national income , balance of international payments , and many other business indicators . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fury Hanover ( Hoot Mon-Fay ) , Caper ( Hoot Mon-Columbia Hanover ) and Isaac ( Hoot Mon-Goddess Hanover ) has been working together but have not equalled their best work done some weeks ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
They learn how to take care of children and sick members of the family . (Filtered Words: 0)
The weight advantage , plus greater durability of the plastic unit , yields a saving of about one-fifth in shipping . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twice during the Civil War it was saved from destruction by the opposing armies by the pleas and prayers of a local minister . (Filtered Words: 0)
The creator trusts his intuition to lead him along a path that has internal validity because it mirrors the reality of his experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the citizen narrows his political participation to the mere act of voting -- if he votes at all '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is what [FILTERED] did . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even in the United States , with its freedom of religious belief and worship and its vast denominational differentiation , there is a general consensus regarding the basic Christian values . (Filtered Words: 0)
While there should be no general age limit or restriction to one sex , there will be particular projects requiring special maturity and some open only to men or to women . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ah , he thought , she's going through the chain of reasoning which says she might really just as well pick up my shorts too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somehow the thought of a simple man bewildered by things no one had ever really helped him understand moved the driver . (Filtered Words: 0)
It'll be an all day affair with screenings of [FILTERED]' new one , `` Lover Come Back '' , and `` Flower Drum Song '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] came rushing up . (Filtered Words: 1)
( Editorial comment on this letter appears elsewhere on this page ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
And those of Early Spring , haunted and now full of hurt and envy . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , grinning , showing his huge yellow teeth . (Filtered Words: 1)
Moreover , nursing various Stubblefields -- her aunt , then her mother , then her father -- through their lengthy illnesses ( everybody could tell you the Stubblefields were always sick ) , Theresa had had a chance to read quite a lot . (Filtered Words: 0)
She : `` By subway or cab '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and moreover , he had already begun to broaden and simplify the facet-planes of Analytical Cubism as far back as the end of 1910 . (Filtered Words: 0)
When East Germans fled to the West by the thousands , paeans of joy rose from the throats of Western publicists . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ball broke up in confusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Meaning you want me to ride out '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` These actions should serve to protect in fact and in effect the court's wards from undue costs and its appointed and elected servants from unmeritorious criticisms '' , the jury said . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he had turned a sickly green and appeared tongue-tied or panicked . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have had opportunities -- clear invitations to plant our influence on the other side of the Iron Curtain . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was also a lesson , one that has served ever since to keep Americans , in their conflicts with one another , from turning from the ballot to the bullet . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why did you do it -- why did you hit him '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He belched , he stretched . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , chlorothiazide and salt restriction became necessary to control the edema of chronic congestive failure . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to as many as received him he gave the power of becoming sons of God ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sheep (Filtered Words: 0)
But it wasn't a violent discussion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Smarter than most gamblers , she slipped away from the casino , packed her bag and took the night train to Paris . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] exclaimed , watching their rippling muscles as [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] swung her up into the load . (Filtered Words: 3)
Sipping their coffee , discussing the weather , the day's shopping , [FILTERED]'s commitments at the network ( all of which he would cancel ) , they avoided the radio , the morning TV news show , even the front page of the Santa Luisa Register , resting on the kitchen bar . (Filtered Words: 1)
He crossed the next meadow and climbed a tree where the jungle trail resumed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not explain where he was going , and they did not ask . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something had to give . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I was in liquor I rode him pretty hard I guess . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the forest highway system , there are now 24,400 miles of public roads . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have found , time and again , that some bit of particularly annoying and intractable behavior on the part of a patient rests , in the final analysis , on this basis ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Warm clothing and bedding , of course , are essential . (Filtered Words: 0)
The land of the Lublin Uplands was rich , but no one seemed to care . (Filtered Words: 0)
As [FILTERED] resumed his desperate criss-crossing of the little bay , every incident lessened the crew's respect for him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Lot of people waiting to see you , though '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , sir '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s heart skipped a beat when he recognized it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ekstrohm picked up a lightweight no-back from the ship's library , a book by [FILTERED] , the famous twentieth century expert on sex . (Filtered Words: 1)
For added comfort some of the Italian designed sandals have foam padded cushioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Stinky went home an hour ago and people started going to bed '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
These are mentalities which crave action -- and they are beginning to get it , as Messrs. [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] report on page 372 . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Well , let's let him make up his own mind , OK '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Younger son calls police (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was sitting on the bench , watching . (Filtered Words: 1)
The purchase of state-owned vehicles is handled in the same manner as all other purchases of the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conversely , suppose that **ya is in the null space of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was surprised to see Mrs. [FILTERED] playing the one-arm bandits that were cunningly arranged by the entrance . (Filtered Words: 2)
Here , Prokofieff became a workman in the vineyards of Socialism -- producing music for the masses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't practice a new recipe on guests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scherer also had a big night at bat with four hits in five trips including a double , [FILTERED] also was 4-for-5 with two doubles and [FILTERED] had a home run and a triple . (Filtered Words: 2)
The Old Man silently fed upon these streets . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he turns briefly to literary style , in the Third Book , he again looks to the effect on the audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are inexpensive and available from the U. S. Geological Society , Washington 25 , D. C. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even when Mrs. [FILTERED] was in mourning for her son , she reached out to help other people in trouble . (Filtered Words: 1)
During the biennium reviewed in this Report , our Board of Trustees named able men , younger than the rest of us , to the Board and to top management to insure future continuance of the first-class administration of the Foundation's affairs : (Filtered Words: 0)
She didn't turn away from the window . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the final accounting , these would have augmented the bill for both sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
For further information , contact Small Business Administration Regional Offices in Atlanta , Ga. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Let Mullins keep the firm seat ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
not before . (Filtered Words: 0)
Except for the wine waiter in a restaurant -- always an inscrutable plenipotentiary unto himself , the genii with the keys to unlock the gates of the wine world are one's dealer , and the foreign shipper or negociant who in turn supplies him . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the States which maintain two separate agencies -- one for the vocational rehabilitation of the blind , and one for the rehabilitation of persons other than the blind -- the Act specifies that their minimum ( base ) allotment shall be divided between the two agencies in the same proportion as it was divided in fiscal year 1954 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , in the immemorial way -- in the way of the right hand that knows and the left that does not -- was the stage set for tragedy at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He maintained amply financed lobbies in the United States and elsewhere which sycophantically chanted his praise , and his influence extended even to Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Some can be lonely in a crowd '' , Nogol said elaborately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dolores smiled ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But , who knew , that might be coming one of these days . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I realize that this is hardly the time to say it , Penny '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It had headed back toward [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The sculptor looked at him , bugeyed and amazed , angry . (Filtered Words: 0)
State is expected to arrange the touring Cicero's foreign itinerary ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But he , as I can now retort , was the man who could see so short a distance ahead that after a visit to Russia he gave voice to the famous exclamation : `` I have seen the future and it works '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
two American Watercolor Society prizes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
chemical studies are being pursued with the cooperation of K.G. Untch . (Filtered Words: 0)
The major contributor was a shopping center with houses being added to the system as the subdivision developed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Pap-pap-pap-hey '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ginghams and calico will be popular dress for the women . (Filtered Words: 0)
Agriculture ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is good to see those numbers again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Meltzer's voice , quiet , calm , strong , started the Kaddish , the prayer for the dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could see the stone building where he lived . (Filtered Words: 0)
This permits the juices to permeate the meat during cooking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cut hole in base for cork stopper . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , they do demonstrate the presence of large normal pressures in the presence of flat shear fields which were forecast by the theory in the first part of the paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Folk-lore , superstition and remembered passages from erotic literature can create physical and emotional problems if blindly taken as scientific facts and useful hints . (Filtered Words: 0)
Robinson told Policemen [FILTERED] and Morgan Lloyd of the Wabash Avenue district that 10 youths boarded his south bound express bus in front of Dunbar Vocational High School , 30th Street and South Park Way , and began `` skylarking '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
At about the age of twelve I became a [FILTERED]ian liberal , and I have always considered myself a liberal of some kind even though the definition has changed repeatedly since [FILTERED] became a reactionary . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Village office of Western Union with [FILTERED] as manager and telegrapher continued in Hard's drugstore until 1905 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The evident contradiction between the rosy picture of Russia's progress painted by the Communist party's program and the enormous dangers for all humanity posed by Premier [FILTERED]'s Berlin policy has already led to speculation abroad that the program may be severely altered . (Filtered Words: 1)
Estimated annual savings resulting from publication of the Journal and Bulletin on a triservice basis , as compared with the cost of producing separate periodicals for each service , were between $65,000 and $70,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , `` Please '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
No previous antitrust case , he said , had involved interests of such magnitude or presented such complex problems of relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
Subject to certain constitutional restraints in favor of fair trials , each level of government is free to devise its own judicial procedures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite all this , the idea apparently has captured the imagination of countless youths whose parents are probably more surprised by the response than anybody else . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Catholics had the largest cemetery , near the Neversink River where Main Street ran south ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That's all I know about it and that's all I care '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a sort of Gotterdammerung affair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Different sampling ratios were applied under different conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tremendous emphasis on the 5 in the [FILTERED] square -- for purely mathematical reasons -- and the fact that this number so neatly symbolized the heart and center of the universe , could well explain why the Old Chinese seem to have so revered the number 5 , and why they put so much stress on the concept of Centrality . (Filtered Words: 1)
The large amount of vegetable grindings from the grocery store in the shopping center created a suspended solids problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stock design is excellent , and this model is a good first gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps perhaps there is a shred of conscience left in the human race . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet we continue to be afflicted by nagging disorders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do this exercise six times each class period . (Filtered Words: 0)
if he wanted to leave me something let it be a trinket , nothing else . (Filtered Words: 0)
The figure five is important in insurance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , if the critic instructs his audience in what to see in a work , he is contributing to this pseudo-thinking ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Los Angeles in 1957 finally bowed to the skyscraper . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , many of the hard-surface cleaners used for walls and woodwork had their genesis in trisodium orthophosphate , which is still the major ingredient of a number of such products . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another car was coming , a tiny , dark shape on a far hill . (Filtered Words: 0)
Af bond in Af (Filtered Words: 0)
But the statement of the local board attributing this claim to petitioner was in his file . (Filtered Words: 0)
And God had conquered that one by His grace ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Or , he might remind Fromm that the 41 per cent figure is really astonishingly low : after all , the medieval guild system was dedicated to the proposition that 100 per cent of the workers ought to turn out only the average amount ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the field of political values , it is certainly true that students are not radical , not rebels against their parents or their peers . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , as he always did in the Stadium , played right field to avoid having the sun in his eyes , and [FILTERED] , a rather mediocre hitter who played shortstop for the St. Louis Cardinals , knocked a ball with all his might into the sharp angle formed by the permanent stands and the wooden bleachers , where [FILTERED] could not reach it . (Filtered Words: 3)
It met a serious rebuff in New Orleans , where the two schools selected for the first moves toward integration were boycotted by white parents . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a small sideboard with some empty beer bottles on it and perhaps fifteen wooden chairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the house is not wired adequately for electricity or if plumbing or a central heating system must be installed , check into the cost of making these improvements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Officers who participate in the continual practice drills assured me that the President's decision could be made and announced on the gold circuit within minutes after the first flash from Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or : `` I walk around the house a lot '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The history of the U.S. potato chip industry is that many of today's successful companies got started during the deep depression days . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , the temporary reduction in hypothalamic excitability through the injection of a barbiturate into the posterior hypothalamus causes a lessening in frequency and amplitude of cortical strychnine spikes until the hypothalamic excitability is restored . (Filtered Words: 0)
He won't submit to his natural desires all the time , and it's Mother's love that is responsible for his good behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
The publication last July of the party's Draft Program -- that blueprint for the `` transition to communism '' -- had led the uninitiated to suppose that this Twenty-second Congress would be a sort of apotheosis of the Khrushchev regime , a solemn consecration of ideas which had , in fact , been current over the last three or four years ( i.e. , since the defeat of the `` anti-party group '' ) in all theoretical party journals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feeds and speeds (Filtered Words: 0)
The State cops would check from time to time ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had heard her shaking out the skirt of her new pink silk hostess gown . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps , in that short piece or letter written to Hartlib in which he sketched his scheme for educating young men , he merely overlooked that phase of their exercises . (Filtered Words: 0)
If so , I would lean to Sir [FILTERED]' conception of the man . (Filtered Words: 1)
These figures indicate that we are losing almost as many as we are receiving into membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pony was sidewise to her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Purpose and scope (Filtered Words: 0)
Miami Beach and surroundings feature fabulous `` hotel row '' , palm-studded beaches plus the Miami Seaquarium and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The landlord had died . (Filtered Words: 0)
They honored the battling [FILTERED] last night . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some of the previously reported compounds have thus been reformulated and a series of new hydrido and carbonyl compounds discovered , the more representative examples being Af , Af , Af , Af and Af ( Af ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Foreign policy is the total involvement of the American people with peoples and governments abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of the usual straggling privet hedges and patches of bare dirt in most small-town squares , the building was hemmed in by a semitropical growth of camellias and azaleas and a smooth lawn the improbably bright-green shade of florist's grass . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't the roughness and crudity and discomfort of the trip that had frightened her . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the Ambassador as headquarters , she continued to promote good will abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
But at long last came a time when I broke away from Mother and her society `` chi-chi '' in order to spend a cosy evening with [FILTERED] and her chaperon at her home . (Filtered Words: 1)
This involves a sifting of the empirical and rational elements entering into each social science statement . (Filtered Words: 0)
A visitor to the beautiful little building inquired , `` Do you belong to this church , Mr. [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] would find him and take care of him . (Filtered Words: 1)
A 5-percent royalty is paid on any production during the period the contract is in effect ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] up local color . (Filtered Words: 1)
There are more obvious nymphomaniacs on any private-eye series . (Filtered Words: 0)
She later divorced [FILTERED] , who is believed to have moved to Bolivia . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was all of these rolled into one sturdy figure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There was somebody else in the apartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let me say at the outset that the music sounded as sparkling on the last playing as it did on the first . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of several methods employed for tagging chlorine with radiochlorine , the exchange of inactive chlorine with tagged aluminum chloride at room temperature was found to be the most satisfactory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gets car number (Filtered Words: 0)
Horsely , an agent on the east end , wore the hat , trying to look like a tourist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even if there are no livestock , the farmer cannot leave the farm for long periods , particularly during the growing season . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked at him , lips compressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the course the positivists took . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I had the proof , all documented in a legal agreement which I would show her the moment I was free to do so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Historians have come to recognize two cardinal facts concerning nationalism and international influence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pausing in the doorway he said : `` The form of the human female , unlike her mind and her spirit , is the most challenging loveliness in all nature '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The data reported here are either from spectra from which the adsorbed water resonance could easily be eliminated or from spectra of samples evacuated and sealed off at 375-degrees-C which contain no adsorbed water . (Filtered Words: 0)
Practically all forecasts mention new and exciting products on the horizon . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was quite an evening ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Section 169 permits a person acquiring grain-storage facilities to elect to continue amortization over a 60-month period . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have been easy to identify as opium by its odor . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's a helluva thing '' , [FILTERED] said , looking at [FILTERED] , `` when a guy's own team-mate won't come out and help him in a fight '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Slight downward pressure (Filtered Words: 0)
Only confusion , failure and anarchy result when the effort is made to impose upon the civil authority the impossible task of policing private homes to preclude the possibility of sin . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] Butterwyn ( Scotch Victor-Butler Wyn ) , a light bay filly , knows nothing but trot and has worked on the half-mile in 2:30-:36 . (Filtered Words: 1)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
It has lost its ground of being and floats in a mist of appearances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , in this involution there is a cone of invariant lines of order Af , namely the cone of secants of **zg which pass through P . (Filtered Words: 0)
How soon you may go outdoors ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Be sure the head drops backward so that the child looks at the floor rather than toward the ceiling . (Filtered Words: 0)
The screen door was unlocked for some ten or fifteen minutes while [FILTERED] was sick in the back . (Filtered Words: 1)
They made the world seem friendly somehow , though he knew it was not . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood very still , his heart thumping wildly . (Filtered Words: 0)
A back-yard picnic with grilled frankfurters and a selection of frankfurter trimmings is a fine way to entertain guests this summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her speech was barren of southernisms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Poor John will take it as a miracle and have every other independent steel company sitting up nights worrying about us '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
How large a cooling unit you need , and the method of its installation , depends on a variety of factors . (Filtered Words: 0)
With few exceptions , your car will be waiting for you at dockside , airport , railroad station or hotel when you arrive , oftentimes at no additional cost . (Filtered Words: 0)
The depth gauge rod can now be set , and any number of holes bored to exact and identical depth . (Filtered Words: 0)
He deserves a better life than just rotting away on the Prieur plantation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Psalm 27 : 1 you read those beautiful words which you must have in your heart if you are to master the fears that surround you , or to drive them out if they have you in their grip : `` The Lord is my light and my salvation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thomas thanked his men for their tenacity of purpose , unmurmuring endurance , cheerful obedience , brilliant heroism and high qualities in battle . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` 'nother minute I'd have been fine . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is New York-born and Jewish . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a child watched its progress he whispered , `` Hay , hay , load of hay -- make a wish and turn away '' , and then stared rigidly in the opposite direction until the sound of the horses' feet returned no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
A handier remedy was to bathe the painful part in strong soapy water ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll work for our keep '' , the boy said eagerly . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , forgive me , Sigmen , for the contrary-to-reality thoughts ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I cannot think things out too well . (Filtered Words: 0)
But as he remarks in his preface to The Walnut Trees , `` a novel can hardly ever be rewritten '' , and `` when this one appears in its final form , the form of the first part will no doubt be radically changed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Istiqlal-sponsored U.M.C.I.A. ( L'Union Marocaine Des Commercants , Industrialistes et Artisans ) was opposed by candidates of the new U.N.F.P. ( L'Union National Des Forces Populaires ) in nearly all urban centers . (Filtered Words: 0)
In turn , higher fertility rates for this population provide a means of increasing the numerical quantity of the population , allowing for the possibility of greater stability and unity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the Japanese private he says : `` He fought and marched till he died . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was just going to be one of those days . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a serious young man who plays golf with a serious intensity , Palmer has such an inherent sense of humor that it relieves the strain and keeps his nerves from jangling like banjo strings . (Filtered Words: 0)
I grinned at Rachel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Local jobs can be seen and counted , while opportunities elsewhere are regarded as more hypothetical . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tell him under no circumstances to trust the prime minister with Mahzeer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They have a son , [FILTERED] , and a daughter , Mrs. [FILTERED] of Griffin . (Filtered Words: 2)
Jesus ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If to be a Christian means to say yes where I otherwise say no , or where I do not have the right to say anything at all , then my only choice is to refuse to be a Christian . (Filtered Words: 0)
And not for one moment did she believe that [FILTERED] had settled down . (Filtered Words: 1)
Their meeting at San Francisco is nominally scheduled as a conference of the California Democratic Council directorate . (Filtered Words: 0)
But at the same time how understandable . (Filtered Words: 0)
probably it is correct to think of it as a matter of a well-grooved , stereotyped mode of expression -- and no , or but a few , other communicational grooves , as yet -- being there , available for the patient's use , as newly-emerging emotions and ideas well up in him over the course of months . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stainless steel screws were used to minimize corrosion stains . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next September , after receiving a degree from Yale's Master of Arts in Teaching Program , I will be teaching somewhere -- that much is guaranteed by the present shortage of mathematics teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most realistic way of facing up to this problem would be to have the State take over full responsibility for assessing all taxable property . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You've give me the wrong change '' , said the customer sharply . (Filtered Words: 0)
and during the unhappy time , [FILTERED] often would charge that [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] were misdemeanants against the public order of Wisconsin . (Filtered Words: 3)
Rector said . (Filtered Words: 0)
this one did . (Filtered Words: 0)
It worried him , this inability to get the simplest things done in the course of a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
bluebonnets and stagecoach silhouettes . (Filtered Words: 0)
This absence of peaky highs and beefed-up bass not only produces greater fidelity , but it eliminates listener fatigue . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it soon became clear that the search for eighteenth-century furniture ( which Mrs. [FILTERED] feels is the proper period for the White House ) must be pursued in places other than government storage rooms . (Filtered Words: 1)
The polyether glycols are claimed to give flexible urethanes a spring-back action which is much desired in cushioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inscribed around its base is a charm in Balinese , a dialect I take it you don't comprehend . (Filtered Words: 0)
An area may have been partially logged and requires removal of stumps or clean-up . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we did not mean to say this , why should we be so relieved on finding that the suffering had not occurred ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Also , that Mr. [FILTERED] was here . (Filtered Words: 1)
They are held in control by force , but barely . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Lady Da forced the foremost of her bodies in an upright position . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I insist upon believing that even when it is lost , it may , like paradise , be regained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shorter booking , but still a booking . (Filtered Words: 0)
They picked up sticks and hurled them at the girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
Changing colors (Filtered Words: 0)
This desire , I went on , growing voluble as my conviction was aroused , had mounted at such a rate recently that I now found its realization necessary not only to my physical but also to my spiritual wellbeing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still painting , still a kind of modern impressionist , beautiful canvases of mountains and farms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , once these steps are taken , they may require years to make themselves felt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the subjects discussed will be Russian restrictions on poets and writers in the USSR ( Channel 9 at 9:30 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
In many communities there is simply no financial problem ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The car began to move and [FILTERED] ran after it crying , `` Alfred ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
The fact that [FILTERED]'s horse had not been returned to its stall could indicate that [FILTERED]'s information had been wrong , but [FILTERED] didn't interpret it this way . (Filtered Words: 3)
And this , in effect , means most of modern America . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gulped down the whiskey hastily and joined him , asking , `` Who are we going to call on in the Northeast section '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The singer simply matches the poem to a mode ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Dallas (Filtered Words: 0)
Every time I closed my eyes , I saw Gray Eyes rushing at me with a knife . (Filtered Words: 0)
In several significant cases , such as India , a decade of concentrated effort can launch these countries into a stage in which they can carry forward their own economic and social progress with little or no government-to-government assistance . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Starting from this , and accepting his estimate of the iniquities of modern society , it would follow that the really disturbing evidence of alienation would be that of a work-satisfaction survey which reported widespread , stated worker satisfaction , rather than widespread , stated worker dissatisfaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her dark cool caresses were sweeter than any woman's ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Locust gum is added to pulp slurries to break up the lumps of fibers in making paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in any event , I submit that the power to depose belongs to Congress , not to this Court . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he looked up again , he seemed almost contented . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did not answer . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hope surged within him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Try to get that down '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who seems to have made a special hit in the East , was delightful as the lady Bluebird and her partner , [FILTERED] , was wonderfully virile , acrobatic , and poetic all at the same time , in a tradition not unlike that of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
He had seen a few nester wagons go through the country , the families almost starving to death , but he had never seen any of them on foot and as bad off as these two . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
the third applies only to index words . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is absurd to speak of philosophy as a superior enterprise to sociology , since the former is a logical , rational discipline , where sociology is essentially descriptive and empirical . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here was a cause she believed in . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- A committee of experts has recommended that a country's population be considered in the distribution of professional posts at the United Nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is possible to make a few generalizations about the six giants themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I do not drink so much '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , now we have two big theaters . (Filtered Words: 0)
He concludes that some changes can be made in the current orthography which will appreciably improve its usefulness , but hesitates to suggest precise graphic devices to effect these changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's understandable , and I appreciate the sentiment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
It should be possible , however , to put useful limits on the diameters of the radio sources by observing with large reflectors or with interferometers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Print it in real big letters , an' I can cipher it out later '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hormone has also been called thyrotrophin or thyrotrophic hormone . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Supermatic Trophy ( prices begin at less than $135 and depend on grade and optional features ) is a 12-gauge auto . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first of 16 beliefs of the denomination , now reads : (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Yes , sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
The late [FILTERED] , a philosopher whose work has proved helpful to many students of literature , once wrote `` : : (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps a list of some of the `` practices '' of my company will help here . (Filtered Words: 0)
You still have your paper hat and you're wearing it , but then , it is an extraordinary paper hat and , in addition to anything else you may be , you are also the sculptor who created that most peculiar dame out in the back yard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its refrain was : `` let us return to the individualistic democracy of our forefathers for our salvation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
the square head fell over . (Filtered Words: 0)
We saw Giuseppe Berto at a party once in a while , tall , lean , nervous and handsome , and , in our opinion , the best novelist of them all except [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] is dead . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Of course '' , replied [FILTERED] logically , activating her outside scanners . (Filtered Words: 1)
Brassnose , [FILTERED] and I leaped into the sea and swam to the boat . (Filtered Words: 1)
and regulatory policies aimed to attract the financial and managerial resources of foreign investment and to prevent excessive luxury consumption by a few . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sandman said : `` The announcement that Sen. [FILTERED] , has decided to spend all his available time campaigning for Mr. [FILTERED] is a dead giveaway . (Filtered Words: 2)
The subsequent two-weeks wait made the crew quarrelsome . (Filtered Words: 0)
and second , to increase uniformly the allotments to those States whose allotments are below their maximums , with adjustments to prevent the allotment of any State from thereby exceeding its maximum . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , all participated in the framing or ratification of the Federal Constitution . (Filtered Words: 1)
Measurements on the photograph in this paper give Af at the maximum rate of shear of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is in control , and opposition leaders have no further excuse to suspect his offer of a coalition government preliminary to free elections in the spring . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] needed a front , some labor stiff with a clean record to act as business agent of the [FILTERED] local . (Filtered Words: 2)
Ghost town ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The big , paunchy man named Geely was on that side , half-turned in the seat toward his hatchet-faced companion so that his back partially rested against the closed door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly he saw something which made his big heart give a sickening lurch and caused the hairs to bristle on the back of his neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He snapped . (Filtered Words: 0)
At Charlottesville , Va. , shoot [FILTERED] and the beautiful buildings of the University . (Filtered Words: 1)
The red pills are a vitamin-and-iron compound . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] reported the theft at their home on 41 Garden Hills Drive at about 6 last night . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] pushed through first . (Filtered Words: 1)
Related to , but distinguishable from , nationalism was the growth of democracy in one form or another . (Filtered Words: 0)
If cell Af is an information cell , it and any information cells in the Y-region that have been linked to Af each contain an address in the W-region where a potentially matching form is stored . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man did not wish to leave . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you experimenting with different selling slants in developing new customers ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] nodded dully . (Filtered Words: 1)
Furthermore I can identify each design . (Filtered Words: 0)
Orlick slouches about the forge `` like Cain '' with `` his hands in his pockets '' , and when he shouts abuse at Mrs. [FILTERED] for objecting to his holiday , she claps her hands in a tantrum , beats them `` upon her bosom and upon her knees '' , and clenches them in her husband's hair . (Filtered Words: 1)
As the South begins another school year , national and even world attention is directed at the region's slow progress toward racial equality in the public schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
And now , the woman , tired and trembling , came here to the DeKalb County cannery . (Filtered Words: 0)
10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion integrates and unifies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The radiation station of the Chicago board of health recorded a reading of 1 micro-microcurie of radiation per cubic meter of air over Chicago yesterday . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was not bored at all ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the purpose of producing plays at the College is three-fold : to provide the [FILTERED] students with the best possible opportunity for theater-going within the limits set by the maturity and experience of the performers and the theatrical facilities available ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He stropped the razor slowly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Between the ages of two and four years , negativism or resistance to adult authority is noticeable ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I heard a cry from a stoker as a pillar of flame leaped from a hatch and tongued the man's bare back . (Filtered Words: 0)
the pottery of the first half of the eighth century is commonly called Ripe Geometric . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let me illustrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fifteen years ago , there were no [FILTERED] at all . (Filtered Words: 1)
Only that curious , animal grunting [FILTERED] had heard during their fight . (Filtered Words: 1)
and it is still very far from certain how valid the party's claim is that in `` a growing number of kolkhozes '' the peasants are finding it more profitable , to surrender their private plots to the kolkhoz and to let the latter be turned into something increasingly like a state farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guerrillas realized they faced a new problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Social theory has no more right to expect results from meaningless questions , than physics has the right to expect a theological solution to the wave-particle controversy . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the aircraft which we have today are tied to large , `` soft '' airfields . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Perhaps it is better to stay at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kissed her back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mainly of what Conrad had tried to make him believe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Come home right away '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Against the grain of creation '' (Filtered Words: 0)
This is now a $1.0 billion business , up from $0.9 billion in 1959 , and should reach $1.1 billion in 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] knew that [FILTERED]'s defenses were made of paper . (Filtered Words: 2)
But the attack was made from an advance copy . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll get the guys that done it . (Filtered Words: 0)
that steel-edged `` carved-out-of-solid rock '' looks of the great champions . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the age of ten , when he was working as a newsboy in the Loop , he was knocked down by a streetcar which resulted in his permanently shortened leg . (Filtered Words: 0)
They lived mainly in the kitchen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
it's a short , light , quick-handling , fast-firing little timber gun designed to push a heavy slug at modest velocity but with lots of killing power and ample range for our most popular big game -- whitetail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Death is not permanent defeat and disappearance ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
After this form of Indian Buddhism had been introduced into China , it underwent extensive changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He struggled out of his clothes . (Filtered Words: 0)
You want from me the story , but a story is about ' why ' and then , perhaps , about how . (Filtered Words: 0)
cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies , with State and local departments , agencies , and instrumentalities , and with interested persons , firms , institutions , and organizations . (Filtered Words: 0)
His mouth fell open . (Filtered Words: 0)
To obtain clear impression of mold , press clay gently but firmly into mold cavity , starting at center and working to outer edges . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tax-free returns . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You cheap , no good , two-timing bitch ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fifteen '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he really feels that way , she thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll foil them in droves , along with their pal humidity , by having and using a kitchen range exhaust fan , a bathroom ventilator for when you shower , and an outside vent for the clothes drier . (Filtered Words: 0)
For we have said , in effect , that of the two alternatives to his position variously represented by the other participants in the demythologizing discussion , only one is really an alternative . (Filtered Words: 0)
it has been , many times . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Start in . (Filtered Words: 0)
The heavens refused to give up their weeping . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You had better get inside '' , he warned her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Secretion (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The revolution now under way in materials handling makes this much easier . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first one said , `` He sure does shake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone said that while we were standing here and arguing about it , the British would be gone ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Radio reception is cut down by the shielding necessary to keep out radiation . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was reminded , amusedly , by a poem of [FILTERED] called The Murder of Two Men by a Young Kid Wearing Lemon Colored Gloves , which Patchen himself read on a record against jazz background . (Filtered Words: 1)
This time the search took twice as long , cutting down on his extra reading , for he had to pick through several columns of one- and two-line social notes in each issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boys were tiny . (Filtered Words: 0)
It made no sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
About the only time the [FILTERED] seemed excited was when one of his own pet ideas was born . (Filtered Words: 1)
But to get back to the [FILTERED] household , Mrs. [FILTERED] so obviously loved dogs , that the public sent her more dogs -- [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
Betty is 16 years of age and had several wins to her credit last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Conservatism '' and `` traditionalism '' seem implied by what has just been said . (Filtered Words: 0)
grasp the bar ( which will rest against the back of your neck ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Both magazines were `` rigid with reactionary what-will-T. S. Eliot-or-[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Of this I am proud . (Filtered Words: 0)
Night after night he stayed with [FILTERED] in the dead of winter , rubbing her with quarts of expensive liniment , fussing over her bran mash as the cook did over charlotte russe , tracking manure on the pretty new carpet when he did come to the house . (Filtered Words: 1)
They don't , Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We're going to Marshal Woods's house . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll bet he wouldn't be pleased if a rumdum like me were to ask his daughter for a date -- I mean , after I'm out of the hospital , a month or so from now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On November 4 , 1952 , an earthquake occurred under the sea off the Kamchatka Peninsula . (Filtered Words: 0)
The secret little corner of his mind , which stayed sane through happiness and pain , made him wonder about B'dikkat . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was working by the end of August and giving satisfactory service . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned and went back across the field to his dugout . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the Russian actor who has played such heroic roles as [FILTERED] and Ivan the Terrible , performs the lanky Don Quixote , and does so with a simple dignity that bridges the inner nobility and the surface absurdity of this poignant man . (Filtered Words: 2)
Schnabel's emphasis on structural clarity , his innate rhythmic vibrancy , and impetuous intensity all tend to stamp his reading as a symphonic one . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She really is a dear little thing '' , my mother agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is most effective in the ordinary business of the House , and in the legislative accomplishments of this session , he easily rose to great occasion -- even at the height of unpleasantness and exciting legislative struggle -- and as the Nation witnessed these contests , he rose , even as admitted by those who differed with him , to the proportions of a hero and a noble partisan . (Filtered Words: 0)
It stumbled on infantry where no infantry should have been and [FILTERED]'s aggressive impulse faded out , overwhelmed by fears of the unknown . (Filtered Words: 1)
The word hissed distinctly from Poet's lips as he struggled to his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
today there are 48,500 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no cash around ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl looked around quickly at several of the people . (Filtered Words: 0)
and then we have septillion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finding the key under his shoe , he started the engine , and while it warmed up he turned to her standing there in the dripping fog , and said , `` Defrost the refrigerator '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if his purpose was to inspire terror , his action could hardly have miscarried more obviously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Watching , they waited until the squall thickened and began to move in a long drifting slant across the dry burning land . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was it Dutch Brenner '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the first use of the word `` rustler '' was as a synonym for `` hustler '' , becomin' an established term for any person who was active , pushin' , and bustlin' in any enterprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
So he kissed her . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] laid it in the basket . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He might have been the man in the moon for all you could have understood him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The form of galvanic activity is halfway between the magnetic form and the electrical form . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a pitiful end '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Complete power not only corrupts but it also attracts the mad . (Filtered Words: 0)
most important to Patchen , he was a non-literary hero , and very contemporary . (Filtered Words: 0)
in an oral tradition they may be chosen for the entire epic corpus , and tend towards idealization rather than distinctive delineation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can staggered lunch periods relieve the capacity strain on your feeding facilities ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The men who speculate on these institutions have , for the most part , come to at least one common conclusion : that many of the great enterprises and associations around which our democracy is formed are in themselves autocratic in nature , and possessed of power which can be used to frustrate the citizen who is trying to assert his individuality in the modern world '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he knew how important it was for her to keep her figure . (Filtered Words: 0)
This salvation does not take the form of a Christian Heaven . (Filtered Words: 0)
The person using these tests must determine which combination of procedures is practical for any specific item in order to evaluate the dimensional changes of textile fabrics or garments after laundering procedures commonly used in the home or commercial laundry . (Filtered Words: 0)
The criterion score used in the statistical analysis is an index of over- or under-achievement . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had no way of knowing in advance whether an opportunity for murder existed . (Filtered Words: 0)
the hard , jolting tackles ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Grant ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
For Blanche , it was only a matter of time before Stanley would propose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having completed our camera work , we started our climb . (Filtered Words: 0)
rate of growth both before and after this crucial stage ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Arnold sent for [FILTERED] , the executive secretary of the golf association . (Filtered Words: 1)
Progress will take place far less through what is done in any `` summit conference '' of the National Council or the World Council , or even in offices of the denominational boards , than through what happens in the communities where Christian people live together as neighbors . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can get a hot water system that will also work for cooling your house . (Filtered Words: 0)
The district officials , along with their other duties , were obliged to organize special demographic inquiries in selected areas and to supervise the annual tabulations of demographic statistics . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next step is to remove it and spread glue where it has been marked at the contact points . (Filtered Words: 0)
She later divorced [FILTERED] , who is believed to have moved to Bolivia . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Lord is the strength of my life ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
the other is the paramount importance in married life of deliberate and thoughtful self-control '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of course '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] meet [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
It can be seen that Af is a constant , and is determined for the most part by the geometry of the knife . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm not saying it right . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's the fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You , Listen ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Home-made sauerkraut is served once a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the patient can perceive figure kinesthetically when he cannot perceive it visually , then , it would seem , the sense of touch has immediate contact with the spatial aspects of things in independence of visual representations , at least in regard to two dimensions , and , as we shall see , even this much spatial awareness on the part of unaided touch is denied by the authors . (Filtered Words: 0)
In our attempt to interpret the emotions in their physiological and pathological range , we emphasized the importance of the degree of activity of the parasympathetic and sympathetic divisions of the hypothalamic system and their influence on the inhibitory and excitatory systems , respectively . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How many is that , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
But certainly the New Frontier has brought to Washington a group more varied in background and interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I would not pamper myself in that silly way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the time I get what I ask for '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said in a studied voice , `` I didn't do it for you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early in the present century , [FILTERED] continued the attack with a savage article against Guest . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] throw in an effort to nab [FILTERED] was wide and in the dirt . (Filtered Words: 2)
After a while he began to feel better about it , especially when no one bothered to ask any questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned back from the stairway and looked at her . (Filtered Words: 1)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Happened to hear you quarrel about her ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
it responds exceptionally well to captivity and does not reach proportions that make it hard to keep . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why should I ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
) if we are born of god we practice righteousness . (Filtered Words: 0)
As soon as that one man is appointed by himself or the others or by a signal from [FILTERED] , we are going to be rushed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] looked down . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I wouldn't even want it to get around '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned away . (Filtered Words: 1)
They made the tests and came to Fred ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
While I'm gone you get brown and fat as a pig , hear ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The debris of his other careers was piled everywhere ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But the practice is likely to be misleading , since it may seem to support a conclusion that , as long as the revenues from any class of service cover the imputed operating expenses plus some return on capital investment , however low , the rates of charge for this service are compensatory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a pitiful end '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The method used to scan the eye ultrasonically is illustrated in Fig. 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simultaneously , a variety of environmental supports -- a calm but not too motherly homemaker , referral for temporary economic aid , intelligent use of nursing care , accompaniment to the well-baby clinic for medical advice on the twins' feeding problem -- combined to prevent further development of predictable pathological mechanisms . (Filtered Words: 0)
L'Unita and Hoy published identical denunciations of Short's elevation , l'Osservatore [FILTERED] and the Christian Science Monitor ignored it , Times of India snickered at it , and the Manchester Guardian simply reported it -- the Fosterites in England were few but extremely militant . (Filtered Words: 1)
One girl expressed what was obviously in their minds . (Filtered Words: 0)
The money's here , all of it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At 12:50 p.m. a ramp was rolled up to the plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was water . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was predicted that Kohnstamm-negative subjects would adhere to more liberal , concretistic reports of what the ambiguous figure `` looked like '' as reflecting their hesitancy about taking chances . (Filtered Words: 0)
But with today's demand for professional qualifications and specialized training , the need for `` outsiders '' becomes more pressing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each could be the real thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps George Rawlings would be better off dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fear of punishment just didn't bother him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fifty of the 100 firms were selected on a random basis from 3,500 names submitted by member companies of the Aerospace Industries Association ( AIA list ) and fifty were selected in a similar manner from a list of 1,500 names compiled by the research team from the Thomas Register ( TR list ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
State and local expenditures ( in real terms ) increased persistently from $26.5-billion in 1949 to $44.3-billion in 1959 , and it would not be surprising if they showed a comparable increase in this decade , which would carry them to the neighborhood of $75-billion by 1970 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There seems to be almost a conspiracy of silence veiling it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He and [FILTERED] waited by the door , one to either side . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` The confusion is not my invention . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abel ignored the half-expressed bid for confirmation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The corporation was formed by the Reynolds Metal Co. and the [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] firm , a Philadelphia builder , for work in the project . (Filtered Words: 2)
He ain't gone far '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Tuesday (Filtered Words: 0)
The system requires some switching of flight equipment circuits . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , `` Why can't I call my home ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The Clinico-pathologic Conferences have been acknowledged as of great value and in consequent great demand by the small isolated military hospitals . (Filtered Words: 0)
In [FILTERED]'s view , this is one way to show how literature may be moral in effect without employing the explicit methods of a moralist . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Great Train Robbery is a one-reel film . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of this pass , the table indicates which index words and electronic switches are not available for assignment to symbolic references . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we need not mind too much , because Mr. [FILTERED] has expressed it through movement that is diverting and clever almost all the way . (Filtered Words: 1)
You do seem somewhat tattered '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Barney finished the cigarette he had been smoking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thinking the evidence insufficient to get a conviction , he later released him . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the second requirement for convincing people without their knowledge is artistic talent to prepare the words and pictures which persuade by using the principles which the scientists have discovered . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is the cost ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She let him come and go as he pleased , or as it pleased her . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well I object . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only were the court costs prohibitive , but I was subjected to crippling fines , in addition to usurious interest on the unpaid `` debts '' which the government claimed that Metronome and I owed -- a severe financial blow . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and materials-handling equipment makers now offer specialized units to meet almost every homebuilding need . (Filtered Words: 1)
The brief details of Mijbil's death lend depth to the story , give it an edge of ironic tragedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
But after all , why should they ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
May I say that you have just demonstrated the truth of an old proverb -- the younger Pliny's , if memory serves me -- which , translated freely from the archaic Latin , says , ' The more haste , the less peed ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the shortage of treatment resources and the chronically persistent shortage of mental health manpower force us to innovate additional refinements of preventive intervention techniques to make services more widely available -- and on a more effective basis to more people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Metaphysics is no longer a direct grappling with nature as it was in antiquity . (Filtered Words: 0)
These warnings must not be treated lightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The large statue on the first floor is believed to be the statue of Pompey at the base of which Julius Caesar was stabbed to death ( if so , the statue once stood in the senate house ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man could be tossed outside the dimension of time by a stray bullet these days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simpkins from Somerset (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Temper , temper '' , Mrs. [FILTERED] said , laughing uneasily . (Filtered Words: 1)
The chances are excellent that he will . (Filtered Words: 0)
But before we can do this , we must first find answers to our original questions 1 and 2 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has added some sidemen to the act which makes for a smoother operation but it's substantially the same format heard last spring . (Filtered Words: 1)
Its dangerous effects have been downgraded to the public by some who believe national security requires further testing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Interior man looked uneasily at his French compatriot . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That bitch would love a divorce '' , he growled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then they let out a bellow of anguish and rage and , cursing , screaming and hollering `` Garryowen '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The government's short-term borrowing costs rose with Tuesday's weekly offering of Treasury bills . (Filtered Words: 0)
George had a tack hammer . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is in your hands -- now . (Filtered Words: 0)
They're up there in that freezing climate and all of us have to try and help them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Titled `` What's New In Music '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One Latin American country , Cuba , has become a Soviet bridgehead ninety miles off our coast . (Filtered Words: 0)
As symptomatic of the common man's malaise , he is most significant : a liberal and a Catholic , elected by the skin of his teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The commotion had brought her into the wings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thinking fast , Tilghman never hesitated for one instant . (Filtered Words: 0)
I do it , lots o' times -- I like to lie in a hammock at night , by myself , when it's all quiet . (Filtered Words: 0)
An exhaustive survey was made of the literature , and a primary reference file of approximately 600 references was catalogued . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever the source of [FILTERED]'s power , Marina is his captive now ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He heard the patient voice calling . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were two front rooms , both dark behind their transoms , and there was no sound or light in the entire house to indicate that any of the occupants were awake . (Filtered Words: 0)
To recite the particulars of recent Soviet successes is hardly reassuring . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since he has just shown who is top dog , he may not be ready to receive this highest honor in the gift of the Soviet people . (Filtered Words: 0)
the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition . (Filtered Words: 0)
I left the party as soon as possible and got into a taxi . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is done at varying speeds , ranging from the slow and fast [FILTERED] ( a musical term meaning double strings ) to the fastest , ecstatic Karshilama ( meaning greetings or welcome ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was surprised to find Kayabashi's secretary on the other end of the line . (Filtered Words: 0)
She drew on all her resources of mind and heart to help them -- to make them at home in the world ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Work to do '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the present project the heating is by circulating hot water from Paragon boiler-burner units with summer-winter domestic hot water hookups . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a broader Atlantic community is to be formed -- and my own judgment is that it lies within the realm of both our needs and our capacity -- a ready nucleus of machinery is at hand in the NATO alliance . (Filtered Words: 0)
In such a case , however , we would encourage the recipient country to get on with its programing task , supply it with substantial technical assistance in performing that task , and make it plain that an expansion or even a continuation of our assistance to the country's development was conditional upon programing progress being made . (Filtered Words: 0)
The commission had issued an administrative order which was challenged as discriminatory against Negroes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rousseau agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ballet flowered in Italy during the next hundred years , and about 1550 was carried to France when the Italian princess , [FILTERED] , married the King of France . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Former Vice President [FILTERED] came out in support of President [FILTERED]'s program for stepping up the arms race . (Filtered Words: 2)
He composed songs and set them to music and sang them in a soft , melodious voice , and when his audience had had enough of music he would discourse on politics or tell stories of his western adventures guaranteed to excite the emotions of men and women alike . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scenic effects (Filtered Words: 0)
Somewhere , beyond , where shadows lurked , must be the yawning pit of which Papa preached and the dreadful Lake of Fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obligingly Gibby lowered his voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the start of her program there were evidences of pique . (Filtered Words: 0)
For it was neglected , not to say nascent , when the struggle began . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was asking had it been she who left the love note in his sheets ( she also served as maid ) when he saw the Grafin followed by a stately blond girl approaching his table . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here , Idje , you fella like tabac '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
-- An unusual flavor can be achieved by marinating the franks in French dressing or a mixture of honey , lemon juice and brown sugar prior to the picnic . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a big part of the public wants to know facts about diet and health , and a big group of U.S. scientists wants to supply them . (Filtered Words: 0)
It made him human . (Filtered Words: 0)
theory of non-newtonian fluids (Filtered Words: 0)
the tricks that time plays with memory and memory with time are queerest of all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another effect discovered is the large coefficient of thermal diffusion tending to separate nitrogen from the oxygen when temperature differences straddling the nitrogen dissociation region are present . (Filtered Words: 0)
Atomic physics (Filtered Words: 0)
It also definitely fashions conduct in the way explained above , and this means far more than in the choice of non-violent means . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trouble is that like many symbols it doesn't seem a very realistic one . (Filtered Words: 0)
He inferred that [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] were high-priced lawyers . (Filtered Words: 2)
But I wouldn't have suggested it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody else showed pleasure . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was standing with her back to the glass door . (Filtered Words: 0)
In them , there is usually a group of Anglo-Americans with tragicomic problems , worthy of being explored either in the novel or in the play or in comedy and satire '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The musician employing the serial technique of composition establishes a mathematical system of rotations that , once set in motion , determines the sequence of pitches and even of rhythms and intensities . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'll shoot up the town '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There one finds concentrated in a comparatively small area the chief universities , colleges , and preparatory schools of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
According to the Food And Drug Administration ( FDA ) , `` Doctor '' Ghadiali , Dr. [FILTERED] and his clique , and Dr. [FILTERED] -- to name three notorious device quacks -- succeeded , respectively , in distributing 10,000 , 5000 , and 2000 fake health machines . (Filtered Words: 2)
The strong negative field his suit set up would help to repel bacteria and insects . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have a tremendous amount of talent -- but we lack cohesion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A year ago the Negro Radio Association was formed to spur research which the 30-odd member stations are sure will bring in more business . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Arthur Clarke's Childhood's End ( 1953 ) , though written after the present flood of dystopias began , we can see the bright vision of science fiction clearly defined . (Filtered Words: 0)
I did get you on the platform this morning '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Juniors who attend this Chicago show should make a point to enter this Class as it would be of great help to them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rameau's Six Concerts En Sextuor , recorded by [FILTERED] [FILTERED] ( BAM LD 046 ) , turn out to be harpsichord pieces arranged for strings apparently by the composer himself . (Filtered Words: 2)
Last year [FILTERED] arranged to sell $1,500,000 worth of Klees to the state of North Rhine-Westphalia , which will house them in a museum that is yet to be built . (Filtered Words: 1)
Locker-room talk often stresses the idea that a man is doing the girl a favor if he is forceful and ruthless during the first penetration . (Filtered Words: 0)
second , it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are few and seemingly disjointed data , but they illustrate the important fact that fundamental alterations in conditioned reactions occur in a variety of states in which the hypothalamic balance has been altered by physiological experimentation , pharmacological action , or clinical processes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had assumed that all these buildings had been divided into apartments , but this one , from a glance at the hall furnishings , was obviously still a functioning town house , and its owners were in residence ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Georgia State Chamber of Commerce tried to guard against the danger of eliminating potential candidates . (Filtered Words: 0)
When you see a needle in my hands you will know the family buttons have fallen off and I have to sew them back on , or get out the safety pins . (Filtered Words: 0)
After allowing for group exposures , it is apparent that other factors must be considered if we are to comprehend fanaticism . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kissed her also , and with deep tenderness . (Filtered Words: 0)
His small , mean eyes regarded [FILTERED] steadily , unblinkingly . (Filtered Words: 1)
For example : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
To reduce vibrionic abortion in breeding sheep , feed 80 milligrams per head daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was all the pride he had . (Filtered Words: 0)
There should be better bus service and all of our city departments and their various branches need a general and complete overhauling . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- it evaporated , disappeared , and came back to the earth as rain -- maybe for another well or another stream or another Alfred Alpert . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lautner , for his part , `` belonged to the present-day race of small artists , who do not demand the utmost of themselves '' , and the bitter description of the type includes such epithets as `` wretched little poseurs '' , the devastating indictment `` they do not know how to be wretched decently and in order '' , and the somewhat extreme prophecy , so far not fulfilled : `` They will be destroyed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hey , Mityukh '' , asks one group , `` what are we shouting about '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Vases : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] use is multiplying daily , and the bulk of the newcomers are those maligned Americans , the teen-agers . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was one more call to make . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I have compared its text with already published commentaries on the 1960 series of [FILTERED] lectures at Harvard , from which the book was derived , and I can with confidence challenge the gist of [FILTERED] incautious tale '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Mrs. [FILTERED] had obligingly pushed things around on the porch to make room for it , and there it was , slung in a vine-shaded corner , the night breeze rippling its fringe with a slow , caressing movement . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ramey heard a cry from the girl and felt a slight pain somewhere in his hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
A terrible chill swept through the grove . (Filtered Words: 0)
Protection from other damage (Filtered Words: 0)
All he had to do was light the fuses of the dynamite sticks , run to within ten yards of an open window in the barn and hurl the sticks through . (Filtered Words: 0)
Solid concrete blocks , relatively heavy and dense , are used for this shelter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interesting evidence can be found in the results of the Chamber of Commerce elections , which took place three weeks before national elections . (Filtered Words: 0)
The twirled , stylized design of winding stems and floral forms strongly suggests the embroidered patterns used so extensively for upholstery during the Jacobean period in England . (Filtered Words: 0)
Notice should be taken of unusual rock formations , deposits , or shapes of the earth's crust in your region . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you utilizing cafeteria space for company meetings or discussions ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was as if they could hardly wait to get into their costumes , cover their faces with masks and go adventuring . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had never been here at this hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
Different about the mouth , huh ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We like to run a nice quiet place '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thread matching yarn in tapestry needle . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd started a fire and put coffee on , and now was busy at the work board of his chuck wagon . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The sexual relationship does not exist in a vacuum '' , declares Dr. [FILTERED] , medical director of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America and author of the recent book , Release From Sexual Tensions . (Filtered Words: 1)
( E ) (Filtered Words: 0)
But in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was determined that the hours of sunrise and sunset , respectively , should be used for this purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
His pinched face showed the ravages of malnutrition . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has designed a matching backdrop and costumes of points of color on white for Mr. [FILTERED]'s Summerspace , so that dancers and background merge into a shimmering unity . (Filtered Words: 1)
As predicted , the highly anxious children in the unstructured schools score more poorly ( Af ) than those in the structured schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Operation and maintenance . (Filtered Words: 0)
His income is not required to be included in the return of his parent . (Filtered Words: 0)
he kept his eyes , with their puffed blurred lids , always lowered , though not , apparently , focusing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , for the first time since his arrest , a glint of spirit lit Barco's eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The older teens (Filtered Words: 0)
The new birth is necessary because all have sinned . (Filtered Words: 0)
This Court agreed with the trial court `` that considerations of price , quality and service were not overlooked by either Du Pont or General Motors '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Borough Presidents , while retaining membership in the Board of Estimate , lose their housekeeping functions . (Filtered Words: 0)
An inmate , a former university professor , expounded to us , logically and clearly , that someone was pilfering his thoughts . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , high school senior from Verboort , had the championship dollar dinner , and [FILTERED] of Hillsboro also won a blue ribbon . (Filtered Words: 2)
The infant , in white terry-cloth bathrobe , her face intense and purposeful , had essayed a few wobbly steps toward her father . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout the Dark ages , it is clear , the Greek world had been developing slowly but consistently . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be sure to get a few more than you need . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mae wouldn't have plotted a thing like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] had never pretended to give advice in such affairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
The fear of disease was formerly very much the kind of fear I have tried to describe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fired to cone 06-05 . (Filtered Words: 0)
An octillion atoms (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , `` I got the message . (Filtered Words: 1)
And it was interesting to observe that B.B.C.'s television film on Christmas Eve was The Bells Of St. Mary's . (Filtered Words: 0)
They criticized parents for never having emphasized traditional concepts of right and wrong ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] : (Filtered Words: 1)
Only a native New Yorker could believe that New York is now or ever was a literary center . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a fiery redhead who can impress you that she has a temper whether she really has one or not , plays [FILTERED] , and sings the role very well , too . (Filtered Words: 2)
The queen afterward keeps incubating and guarding her eggs like a mother hen , taking a sip from time to time from the rather liquid honey in her honey pots . (Filtered Words: 0)
The diagonalizable operator is the special case of this in which Af for each i . (Filtered Words: 0)
The plan does not cover doctor bills . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] may have owed this partly to his relationship with the king , but Othon , who at sixty seems still to have been a simple knight , merited his position solely by his own character and ability . (Filtered Words: 1)
Surely she was just a trifle fatter around the middle ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Liberals and conservatives in both parties -- Democratic and Republican -- should divorce themselves and form two independent parties , [FILTERED] , nationally known labor-management expert , said here yesterday . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not tonight , at any rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Position these using six intermediate temporary Af spacers and locate the upper 12'' '' bar `` A '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
sixteen (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're wrong '' , said [FILTERED] , a man who knows the rules . (Filtered Words: 1)
The proposal would have to receive final legislative approval , by two-thirds majorities , before March 1 to be printed on the April 4 ballot , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
He urged her to buy one of his machines -- for $300 . (Filtered Words: 0)
External aid can only be marginal , although the margin , as in the case of the [FILTERED] plan , can be decisive . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- ed. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If asked to choose between a terrible probability and a more terrible possibility , most men will choose the latter '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The railroad , claiming deprivation of property without due process of law , sought injunctive relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , I was disgusted with myself for agreeing with [FILTERED]'s methods . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is not within the scope of this report to elaborate in any great detail upon special districts in Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
His sweet whisper came after great effort . (Filtered Words: 0)
In my mind , I began to review : his use of hate to gain support ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A speck -- and space (Filtered Words: 0)
All of this must be taken into account before the image of an `` all-Negro '' D.C. public school system is conjured up . (Filtered Words: 0)
And when she returned from taking her guests back to New York she had said , `` All they talked about was [FILTERED] this , [FILTERED] that When they know the truth will they drop away from me , will I become a nothing '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
Haddix has a 13-8 record against the Redbirds , despite only a 1-3 mark in 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
With a bellow Carmer lunged at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The furor was such that people who could not possibly have squirmed their way into the rehearsals were pretending that they were intimate with the whole affair and that it would be sensational . (Filtered Words: 0)
Different about the mouth , huh ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is one of the greatest American public figures in the history of our country and I consider that I have been singly honored in the privilege of knowing [FILTERED] and sharing with him the rights and obligations of a Member of the House of Representatives in the Congress of the United States . (Filtered Words: 2)
His present maximum altitude , up against the overcast , gave him the opportunity to exploit his advantages . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the troupe traveled to New York to participate in a one-act-play competition -- and won -- [FILTERED] , instead of returning with the rest of the company in triumph , remained in New York . (Filtered Words: 1)
Behind him on the steps of the little office sat old man [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
division five , by the Air Force followed by 11 states . (Filtered Words: 0)
they would have to refuel at El Paso . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I would like to enact a little tableau this afternoon '' , Rector said , He explained about the visit and the effect he wished to create , the picture of a very busy mission . (Filtered Words: 0)
One would not expect such an event to occur in animals possessing lungs of types 1 , or 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's the last one we did . (Filtered Words: 0)
Which brings to mind another [FILTERED] story and some interesting comparisons in the treatment of the Oedipal theme . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You didn't go clear around '' , Benson said . (Filtered Words: 0)
After their supper , the evening turned into a regular `` Hoe-Down '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and though this process by no means represents an unambiguous gain and is , in fact , marked by the estrangement from the depths that seems to be the cost of human maturation , it is still a positive step forward ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But how could -- ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Persons , whether white , black , brown or yellow , are a concern of God . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hypothesizing a series of developmental stages that begin in the individual's infancy and end in his old age , Erikson has indicated that the adolescent is faced with a series of identity crises . (Filtered Words: 0)
Concepts such as grace , damnation , purgation , blasphemy , or the chain of being , which are everywhere implicit in classic and [FILTERED] tragedy , lose their vitality . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , in the immemorial way -- in the way of the right hand that knows and the left that does not -- was the stage set for tragedy at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
and in the fact that she bases her decisions about work , college , carreer , and studies on what others are doing , rather than on her own sense of identity with given skills , abilities , likes , and dislikes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , if any part of the Bible is assuredly the very Word of God speaking through His servant , it is John's Gospel . (Filtered Words: 0)
If tests are to be resumed , the argument went , it is vital that the U. S. make plain that the onus belongs to the Soviet Union . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was in `` hysterical condition '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
But now what crazy twists and turns of his emotions ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
All through The Republic , [FILTERED] attends to the way art relates to the general life and ultimately to a good life for his citizens . (Filtered Words: 1)
What kind '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These lines never cease to haunt the book amidst all the exaltations of combat , and to make an appeal for a larger and more elemental human community than one based on the brutal necessities of war . (Filtered Words: 0)
A scene is just a part of a play . (Filtered Words: 0)
One man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds , he would give ninety of them to be back in England . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Suppose the murderer should return to the scene of the crime '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Often work of this sort is presented as calligraphy -- the pure utterance of the brush stroke seeking only absolute painteresque values . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wondered how he got tied up with this stranger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Red , come along . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] has , in recent weeks , been of the opinion that a special town meeting would be called for the vote , while Mr. [FILTERED] said that a special election might be called instead . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was dedicated as a church in the seventh century . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was looking dangerous now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , in the last few years , a number of programs which looked very promising at the time their development was commenced have since been completely eliminated . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is enough TNT to fill the tower of the Empire State Building ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Matsuo puzzled and grew anxious over the complete passiveness , concluding that he was the butt of a devilish joke . (Filtered Words: 0)
The level of this average cost is determined by factor prices , technology , and so forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
he kept his eyes , with their puffed blurred lids , always lowered , though not , apparently , focusing . (Filtered Words: 0)
that steel-edged `` carved-out-of-solid rock '' looks of the great champions . (Filtered Words: 0)
It originated with the Wissahickon Section . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were 8,000 persons at the Stadium who can tell their grandchildren that they heard Elman . (Filtered Words: 0)
A politician was approached by a man seeking the office of a minor public official who had just died . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seemed almost a magnification of the Galaxy itself , of the Milky Way , blown up by some master photographer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The equally ardent proponent of freedom from any kind of censorship may find the nude human form the `` natural , honest , free expression of man's spirit and the epitome of beauty and inspiration '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Waiting for what and for whom , only he could tell and would not . (Filtered Words: 0)
The RAF was Britain's weapon of attrition , and flying a fighter plane was the way her sons could serve her best at this point in the war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Baton Rouge , La. (Filtered Words: 0)
Gets car number (Filtered Words: 0)
The Tic-Tac-Toe trio is the club's new show group which also plays for dancing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wondered if he had played it wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
The upstream gas temperature measured with the thermocouple shown in figure 2 was Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , talkin' ain't goin' to help -- let's fort up '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She served as secretary in the Seminary office for 25 years , and was in charge of correspondence , records , and bookkeeping . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , of course , Mr. [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
they would not dare to face his scoffing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Are your people still alive '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I prefer to speak , however , of [FILTERED] , the person , rather than [FILTERED] , the American institution . (Filtered Words: 2)
He was smooth and civil spoken but it seemed to me there was something tough under his selfeffacing manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who wanted to close the theaters , for example , pointed to [FILTERED]'s Republic and those who wished to keep them open called on the [FILTERED] of the Ion to testify in their behalf . (Filtered Words: 1)
The man had thrown the left hand over his eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He will be considered not only great among his contemporaries , but as great among all the Americans who have played a part in the country's history since the beginning . (Filtered Words: 0)
His head barely rose above the table . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tsunami are rare , however , in the Atlantic Ocean ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We have no right to criticize them , as they realize they would be sitting ducks in a nuclear war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor [FILTERED] wrote : `` (Filtered Words: 1)
Others look to more objective devices of order . (Filtered Words: 0)
The influence of mechanical action on the particles of free soil may be compared to that of kinetic energy on a molecular scale . (Filtered Words: 0)
knowing that its ageless mass would always dwarf the short span of time allotted to any man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Juras said he insisted Field be continued on a consultant basis only and be answerable directly to the administrator of the agency and not to other agencies of the government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Phenothiazine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anything else ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The overcast was solid above him . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] took out a pencil , admired the point , and wrote slowly and heavily , `` Clothes Stand '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
To avoid passing over quiet , unaggressive teachers as well as to decide whether others merit promotion , review of the right of faculty members to promotion or salary increases should be made periodically whether or not they have been recommended for advancement by their departments . (Filtered Words: 0)
His grand-daughter sighed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everywhere I went in Formosa I asked the same question . (Filtered Words: 0)
To reduce further the flow of goods from England , the Company's local officials asked that its London authorities refrain from forwarding any more trade goods to these men . (Filtered Words: 0)
The threadbare notion that belief , unlike behaviour , is not subject to objective analysis , has placed intuitive metaphysics squarely against the sociology of knowledge , since it is precisely the job of the sociology of knowledge to treat beliefs as social facts no less viable than social behaviour . (Filtered Words: 0)
This fact is evident in the recruitment of new members . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt nothing further need be said about the servant girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not too much time , because I'll be needing some more myself pretty much right away . (Filtered Words: 0)
This formula is given by [FILTERED] and Mason . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No , sir '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
the company became `` J. R. Brown & Sharpe '' , and entered into a new and important period of its development . (Filtered Words: 0)
A similar case arose at the Bowers ranch in Butte County , and the Superior Court of that county issued similar restraining orders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Millie would have to understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Note another piece of wood six inches wide is fastened to the transom between these pieces . (Filtered Words: 0)
winter came , and with it [FILTERED]'s baby -- a boy as she had wished . (Filtered Words: 1)
The stimulus from the confrontation of philosophical systems involving certain differences was undeniable . (Filtered Words: 0)
then the people strike up their song with even more fervor than before , ending it with a wail of despair . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's not about you or [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It provides a natural transition into the life of the local church and its organizations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Line sides of mold with paper pattern Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is that -- I mean , ' Do you know ' '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As an independent American I considered all who were not for us , and you amongst the rest , as against us , yet be assured that [FILTERED] never ceased to be the friend of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
I had also thought a lot about how God must look on true love , and so in a way I was keeping my promise to God , my promise to remain pure until I was married . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as heavily invested are the endeavors of multitudes of modern men who carry on the quest for the enchanting index . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Romans 31 , 32 , 35 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
I want to talk to [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pornsen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Equivalents could be assigned to the paradigm either at the time it is added to the dictionary or after the word has been studied in context . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it not ironical that [FILTERED] state , Rhode Island , should have been the very last of the forty-eight to establish a state university ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
the scene looked like a Christmas card . (Filtered Words: 0)
The years suddenly fell away at this point . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it was getting bigger rapidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor can one forget Pope John's unprecedented meeting with the Archbishop of Canterbury . (Filtered Words: 0)
All , of course , except the [FILTERED] party who were bent on starving to death . (Filtered Words: 1)
The taunt was lost on [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus ideas like `` grace '' , `` salvation '' , and `` providence '' cluster together in traditional Christianity . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is willing to sell it just to get it off his hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
That goddamn redheader was the worst . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She married our baby boy , [FILTERED] , this summer '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
on Jan. 21 , , 2:36 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Franny and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Adjustment of fiscal year . (Filtered Words: 0)
The orchestra is far enough away from you that you miss the bow scrapes , valve clicks , and other noises incidental to playing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he calmly and carefully slugged the remaining five shots into the venomous head -- caught in the wicker back of the chair , the eyes dead on him as the life finally went out of the brute . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was a very absurd and annoying situation in which I was placed by [FILTERED] curious methods of handling me . (Filtered Words: 1)
What we need is more vocational training in high schools , not more dropouts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now this concern for the freedom of other peoples is the intellectual and spiritual cement which has allied us with more than forty other nations in a common defense effort . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` Grosse ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There was only one hitch : the small town of Kehl , on the other side of the Rhine , was still under French jurisdiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] was held on $20,000 bond in Phoenix . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] has spoken but little since the fire last Saturday . (Filtered Words: 1)
Plus the fact that [FILTERED] not only had the normal ( to Earthmen ) three genders of masculine , feminine , and neuter , but the two extra of inanimate and spiritual . (Filtered Words: 1)
The contract with [FILTERED] , who has been converting the agencies electronic data processing program to magnetic tape , would renew his present salary of $8 an hour up to a maximum of 200 hours a month . (Filtered Words: 1)
If we can't raise the capital , we're through . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish you wouldn't tell [FILTERED] I'm lukewarm ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Extensive facilities for group performance are provided by maintaining , under skilled direction , the Choir , the [FILTERED] , the Band , the Glee Club , and smaller ensembles of wind and string players . (Filtered Words: 1)
The square has one corner point on the straight line segment , and does not lie entirely in the interior . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he attacked the two officers again and was again restrained , Slate related . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was an exceptional student . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` [FILTERED] says he was in his office all day with her yesterday . (Filtered Words: 1)
Choose carefully between contributory or non-contributory pension plans . (Filtered Words: 0)
How come '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
By force , he took under his protection , or stole , 900,000 square miles of wilderness in Central Africa . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or Antares '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This ignorant estimate , I repeat , is not of any interest in itself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Whole families are moving and removal firms are booked for months ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was I supposed to buy a funny hat and a rattle for [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Let's go inside '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pain became thus the symbol for food and elicited salivary secretion ( conditioned reflex ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such kids only wind up among the unemployed on relief or in jail where they become a much bigger burden . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , I mean how'd you get her to do it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A train hooted . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm telling you , if these corpses ever knew the trouble they put us to , they'd think twice before letting themselves get knocked off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were rewarded with splendid , exciting , singing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tobacco was common first aid . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this time , however , there are signs that increased availability of mortgage credit will not act with the usual speed to stimulate a sharp rise in residential construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
No action has been taken , however , on such major problems as ending the fee system , penal reform , modification of the county unit system and in outright banning of fireworks sales . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now comes this ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In the corner was the soldier with the white flag . (Filtered Words: 0)
From there he chipped back and sank his putt for a par 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
How can we make sense of this division ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Each pin is individually sprung to a tensioning member which is driven outwardly in the slot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then during washing , the greasy soil rolls back at the edges so that emulsified droplets can disengage themselves from the sorbed oil mass , with the aid of mechanical action , and enter the aqueous phase . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Pope , in the splendor of his great intellect , had neglected them a little . (Filtered Words: 0)
he rose at half-past six every morning , made himself some French coffee , had his corn flakes and more coffee , smoked four cigarettes while reading last Sunday's Herald Tribune and yesterday's Pittsburgh Gazette , then put on his high-topped farmer's shoes and walked under a vine bower to his workshop . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it is expressed , at least to their taste , in a perfect form . (Filtered Words: 0)
Condensation . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I praise God for the privilege of being a nurse who has that peace through faith in the Lord Jesus Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gas station people are very debonair about small cars . (Filtered Words: 0)
If deja vue is an illusion , then peculiarly , it is a most prevalent mental disturbance affecting even the most level-headed people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another structure (Filtered Words: 0)
general background . (Filtered Words: 0)
While the Cold War raged it was easy to blame it all on Yalta . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I bought my first dress from him when I was still a struggling young actress '' , she reminisces . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hotly debated plan for the capital's Franklin D. Roosevelt Memorial , a circle of huge tablets engraved with his speeches ( and promptly dubbed by one of its critics , `` Instant Stonehenge '' ) , is another of Udall's headaches , since as supervisor of the National Parks Commission he will share in the responsibility for building it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's only one thing to move him fast , and we have it right here in this very store '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Confronted with this situation , most libraries either endure the severe limitations of their budgets and do what they can with what they have , or else depend on the bounty of patrons and local governments to supplement their annual funds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had he found the meaning too late ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But Means kept on . (Filtered Words: 0)
The progress of science over these last few centuries and the gradual replacement of Biblical by scientific categories of reality have to a large extent emptied the spirit world of the entities which previously populated it . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] , in Fantasia Of The Unconscious , protested vehemently against the overestimation of the sexual motive . (Filtered Words: 1)
Had I been in an all-married section I would have missed this , and I believe that this single aspect has been of great personal value to me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This may both divert the attention of the uninitiate and cause confusion for the more knowledgeable . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the market place Jews have in fact under various circumstances been valued customers and suppliers , or clannish monopolists and cutthroat competitors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guerrillas were running across the parade ground and through the rear gate in the wake of the departing horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] a fair-sized farm . (Filtered Words: 1)
But for those which do , the slow growth of the area has a retarding effect on the metropolitan core . (Filtered Words: 0)
At General Power's seat in the balcony there is also a gold phone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Industrial electronic equipment (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why do you need an arsenal '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For example Test 3 , E 1 refers to a specimen which has been washed by procedure `` 3 ( '' ( at 160-degrees-F ) for a total of 60 minutes in the machine , has been dried in a tumble dryer by procedure `` E '' and has been subjected to restorative forces on the Tension Presser by procedure `` 1 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now there was more to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Try to push back to the stand position from the stretched position without any intermediate pushes from the hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] had reached his majority at eighteen ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
after all , the large ( and probably unreliable ) Reader's Digest literature on the `` most unforgettable character I ever met '' deals with village grocers , country doctors , favorite if illiterate aunts , and so forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never until in this work of S-D organization have I realized and felt the attitude and experience of a Teacher . (Filtered Words: 0)
The evaporative cooler had been moved to [FILTERED]'s room , and her door was kept shut ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Science is placing in our hands the ultimate power of the universe , the power of the atom . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I saw your fire '' , she said , speaking slowly , making an effort to control her anger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Up until that time it had been possible to make cutters for making gear teeth , but they were good for only one sharpening . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American-Negro Suite is in a sense an extension of the Cotton Club songs in that it is a collection of Negro songs , not for a night club , but for the concert stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
I reconstruct his sentences from notes made immediately after our conversation . (Filtered Words: 0)
If that's done , the house can be designed and oriented for best operation , and this can mean savings both in the size of equipment and in the cost of the house itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Irenaeus does not regard Adam and Eve merely as private individuals , but as universal human beings , who were and are all of humanity . (Filtered Words: 0)
His wife had said to him : `` Nellie is in love with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] screamed . (Filtered Words: 1)
The truck was hurtling forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 ) Most of the legends that are created to fan the fires of patriotism are essentially propagandistic and are not folk legends at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
He piled everything neatly in a corner of the cellar and turned to stare at the blank stone wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one side of the stage a dancer jumps excitedly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A realistic `` concert of free nations '' might be expected to consist of an `` inner community '' of the North Atlantic nations and an `` outer community '' embracing much or all of the non-Communist world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once the soft , pretty moth found the bright light she had always wanted ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He can be expected , however , to examine and interpret the information already available ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
These trends seem to be working at cross-purposes in the metropolis . (Filtered Words: 0)
No sooner had I started drinking than the driver started zigzagging the truck . (Filtered Words: 0)
I pushed at his shoulder , calling his name . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten thousand twisty miles of shoreline frame the 30-odd lakes in the vast Tennessee River system that loops in and out of seven states . (Filtered Words: 0)
No trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now Abel turned his head to look at his brother . (Filtered Words: 0)
She regarded them as signs that she was nearing the glen she sought , and she was glad to at last be doing something positive in her unenunciated , undefined struggle with the mountain and its darkling inhabitants . (Filtered Words: 0)
We want to know when the [FILTERED] telephone exactly how many they are planning to bring , so that we won't end up with a splashing mob that looks like Coney Island in August . (Filtered Words: 1)
One night , at the close of the evening service , he came forward , left his resentment at the altar and gave his heart to God . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon she saw [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] moving over to join them . (Filtered Words: 2)
As has been the custom for the past several years , [FILTERED] , Jr. , [FILTERED]. of [FILTERED] , arranged for the Juniors' meeting before the Class , and invited two speakers from the dog world to address them . (Filtered Words: 3)
Obviously , the `` private eye '' can have no more appeal for Patchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nursing home care (Filtered Words: 0)
During last year's campaign , [FILTERED] asked [FILTERED] , an utter novice in organization politics , to assist him . (Filtered Words: 2)
Moreover , if Af , no two of the multiple secants can intersect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Requests must be mailed in by December 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , it was unlikely that any businessmen would spend a day in a Christian mission out of mere curiosity . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] bites were eased by applying liquid bluing . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Websterville Junction calling '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Looking back , Miss [FILTERED] feels that her ideas may have been influenced by those of Jackson Pollock . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her best time to date is about 2:30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was in charge of the arrangements -- which were soon enough disarranged . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was slumped with his back against the bar , elbows supporting his massive frame . (Filtered Words: 1)
Such measures are essential to its job of presenting business and Government with the facts required to meet the objective of expanding business and improving the operation of the economy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , with the new affluence , there is actually a sallying forth into the wide , wide world beyond the precincts of New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
A gaggle of gabbling mothers , backs to the pool , is no safeguard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just this April she was nominated for the seventh time for an Academy Award for her portrayal of [FILTERED] in `` Sunrise at Campobello '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The church itself must be repaired . (Filtered Words: 0)
Praises exhibit (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the site may not contain the features themselves , there are often opportunities to include them as additional interest to the site . (Filtered Words: 0)
One man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds , he would give ninety of them to be back in England . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only should this provision be enforced but other economic and political actions might be taken which , this author believes , `` must surely be supported by every American who values the freedom that has been won for him and whose conscience is not so dominated by the lines in his account books that he can willingly and knowingly contribute to the enslavement of another nation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are still considered to be for use in restricted waters , however , and targets must come within a few yards of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] to confide in and consult . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` This is the first time in 100 years that a candidate for the presidency announced the result of an election in which he was defeated '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
And girls couldn't have dressed like that -- it isn't transparent enough '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
then his mind moved on to be confronted by something far more serious , and as the thought expanded , the implications jarred him . (Filtered Words: 0)
he often uses very odd rhythms , which makes it difficult , and challenging , for the lyric writer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. John 14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is in your hands -- now . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have no card '' , she said bitterly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I ain't going to fight you no more '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hurry ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Daddy left the car for me , and I'm going to town this afternoon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not for the dollar or so Nadine would give me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The foregoing , aided by several clues I'll withhold to keep you on your toes , will pursue you with a tenacity worthy of Inspector [FILTERED] , but before they close in , gird yourselves , I repeat , for a vengeance infinitely more pitiless . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hitler did just that 23 years ago , building up tensions that first led to a Munich and then to a world war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Include supplement containing 0.4 to 2 milligrams per pound to provide 2 milligrams per head per day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Man's life , originally shaped for immortality and for communion with God , must now be conformed to the shape of death . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked up and down the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boys love it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He walked all the miles back to his room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ballet flowered in Italy during the next hundred years , and about 1550 was carried to France when the Italian princess , [FILTERED] , married the King of France . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , playing [FILTERED] , the cartoonist , carries the show in marvelous fashion . (Filtered Words: 2)
Cascading single stages by coupling lens systems , ( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan watched the two figures for a time , puzzled . (Filtered Words: 0)
he memorized them thoroughly and then we tore them into tiny pieces and flushed them down . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , the number of the suite hasn't been published in any newspaper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Characteristics of defense sales activities ( Part B of the questionnaire ) 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were eight feet apart when [FILTERED] cleared the last step . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is shown in the photomicrograph of [FILTERED]. 8 . (Filtered Words: 1)
But Interior Secretary [FILTERED] warns that there is a race on between those who would develop our few surviving open shorelines and those who would save them for the enjoyment of all as public preserves . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is usually conscious of the social pressures at home and outside ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now I see . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the really controversial aspect of customer-cost imputation arises because of the cost analyst's frequent practice of including , not just those costs that can be definitely earmarked as incurred for the benefit of specific customers but also a substantial fraction of the annual maintenance and capital costs of the secondary ( low-voltage ) distribution system -- a fraction equal to the estimated annual costs of a hypothetical system of minimum capacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is another of the modifications of policy on Laos that the [FILTERED] administration has felt compelled to make . (Filtered Words: 1)
In contrast to cocktail parties , military organizations , even in the field , are more formal . (Filtered Words: 0)
These illiterate boors conscripted from villages all across the Czarina's empire had , [FILTERED] may have told [FILTERED] , just two things a commander could count on : physical fitness and personal courage . (Filtered Words: 2)
Now there was no work in the fields , nor would there be till it rained , and she did not know where he went . (Filtered Words: 0)
A light , porous mulch applied now keeps the roots cool and the soil soft during these early days of growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tilghman leapt on to him , dragged him upright and hit him again , this time sending him careening against the bar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tension (Filtered Words: 0)
Somehow she was attractive . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Istiqlal was still firmly united in 1957 , but the P.D.I. ( Parti Democratique de l'Independance ) , the most important minor party at the time , objected to the Istiqlal's predominance in the civil service and influence in Radio Maroc . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's the second time War Ax hands made a play for that money . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus there are polynomials Af such that Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , many herpetologists remain skeptical and would prefer a tentative maximum of about 30 feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wildlife habitat resources (Filtered Words: 0)
-- in this small way do the leaders of a city , or of a nation , inure the masses to watching , or even inflicting , torture and death , upon even their fellow men . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sound of his footsteps was like a muffled drum . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said swiftly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The forced sale of the General Motors stock owned by or allocable to Christiana , Delaware , and the stockholders of Delaware , and deposited with the trustee , would result in a tax to those parties at the capital gains rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
For any house . (Filtered Words: 0)
He paused . (Filtered Words: 0)
To our everlasting shame , we led the world in this nuclear arms race sixteen years ago when we dropped the first bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was the House pariah . (Filtered Words: 0)
his wife , Marion , is a portrait painter . (Filtered Words: 0)
That fire's too big . (Filtered Words: 0)
River cruising for small craft is ideal in November . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a bakery make buns sized to fit his franks . (Filtered Words: 0)
A large , well-stocked library , surrounded in a county by smaller ones , may feel that the demands on its resources are likely to be too great . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contact (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , for example , continued to supply data on the occurrence of minerals until his death in 1939 . (Filtered Words: 1)
The end of Trujillo (Filtered Words: 0)
Many churches find the Sunday school hour to be the most practical time for adult preparation classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this is meeting the world's need , too , since what the world most needs from this country is better understanding of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the two leaders , DePugh and Lauchli , hastened to put the group through its paces . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the `` tide is well on the turn '' , as the London Catholic weekly Universe has written . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prestige , however , is only a minor part of the problem ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What's your name , anyway ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Other Indians were running at the ponies , shrilling and waving blankets . (Filtered Words: 0)
She kissed him passionately upon his reappearance . (Filtered Words: 0)
I want to take a look . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can remove the ball , can't I '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His superiors had said that all marines were depraved . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could all be straightened out later . (Filtered Words: 0)
Udall argues that Interior affairs should cover a great deal more than dams and wildlife preserves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its groin was bloody . (Filtered Words: 0)
He called her `` the Mare '' much as Mrs. [FILTERED] spoke of `` the Queen , God bless her '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Besides , agreements `` in principle '' , with the petty details to be thrashed out later , were commonplace in diplomatic history . (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern writers , who are supposed to keep their fingers firmly upon the pulse of their subjects , insist upon drawing out this legend , prolonging its burial , when it well deserves a rest after the overexploitation of the past century . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the face of a clear judgment from archaeology , therefore , it became impossible for a time for scholars to re-adopt the `` shore settled by '' theory . (Filtered Words: 0)
The smaller the particle the further it will travel downwind before settling out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Confederate Constitution copied much of the Federal Constitution verbatim , and most of the rest in substance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll ride out as soon as we've had chuck '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Subgroups of various types have been found within this system . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other basement windows should be blocked when an emergency threatens . (Filtered Words: 0)
The salary schedule permits remuneration greater than the average paid to the first level of engineering supervision ( engineering section head ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See Chapters 30 through 37 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alec leaned on the desk , holding the clerk's eyes with his . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , Col. Faget's information on Cuba was too outdated to be useful in `` screening '' [FILTERED] agents ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Operators were [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Since the 7070 and 7074 make use of record definition words ( RDWS ) to read , write , move , and otherwise examine blocks of storage , the DA and DC statements provide the option of generating RDWS automatically . (Filtered Words: 0)
especially if one is travelling or dining out a great deal , their importance mounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of her old confidence in the simplest , purest , most moving musical expression , Miss [FILTERED] is letting herself be tempted by the classic sin of artistic pride -- that subtle vanity that sometimes misleads a great artist into thinking that he or she can somehow better the music by bringing to it something extra , some personal dramatic touch imposed from the outside . (Filtered Words: 1)
Clad in mink and diamonds , she listened to Assistant District Attorney [FILTERED] describe her to the arraigning judge : (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] said she did not think dog owners should be penalized for the city's services to animal care . (Filtered Words: 1)
She crouched aside as bullets beat at the portal , chewing into the planks . (Filtered Words: 0)
This also holds true if restorative forces are applied . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` God , I take it , plays no part in this '' , she said waspishly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each of the N trials is either a success or a failure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boys no longer bothered learning to bunt and even school kids scorned to `` choke up '' on a bat as [FILTERED] and the famous hitters of another day had done . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Which are you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be good for you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Smiling at Warren's protestations , the old monk took his grip from him and led him down a corridor to a small parlor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ambulances , baggage trucks , and cars surrounded it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a great character dancer ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The Fairmount Park Commission will no doubt approve my two proposals , because it is responsible for the change of ideological atmosphere in the Square . (Filtered Words: 0)
she chose it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Judging class for intermediates proposed (Filtered Words: 0)
It was so . (Filtered Words: 0)
I still bear scars on my back where [FILTERED] , my gapt , whipped me because I had not learned my lessons well enough . (Filtered Words: 1)
The left will follow at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and I had been innocent in our love , and that was the way I wanted to keep it . (Filtered Words: 1)
the second , the seizure of power by the Bolsheviks ( who later called themselves Communists ) in November of the same year . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] leaned forward ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No , Cromwell , I did not find your name . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the matter with me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a police car outside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their plan for rotation of leaders promised a salutary blow at `` bureaucracy '' and would enable `` the people '' to take a more direct and active part in running the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fifteen minutes , then ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Place the template ( Fig. 2 ) on the fabric so that the sides of the 10 inch square cut out of the template are parallel to the warp and filling for woven fabrics , or the wales and courses for knitted fabrics , and so that the same amount of fabric extends beyond the edges of the template on all sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss Upton and [FILTERED] , as a matter of fact , had many tastes in common . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then there was a bad delay in getting [FILTERED] 30-piece orchestra wedged into its chairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
The place smelt of some kind of hair lotion these pimplike characters use . (Filtered Words: 0)
American newspaper reviewers like to call his plays nihilistic . (Filtered Words: 0)
One main type of malocclusion is characterized by a receding chin and protruding upper front teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some turnpikes have not been in full operation long enough to prove what they can do . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did Mrs. [FILTERED] owe him any wages '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
For this concept of an Advisory Board , ancillary to the Board of Trustees , we are indebted to the late President of Harvard University , A. [FILTERED] , a master of the subject of the structure of cultural institutions and their administration . (Filtered Words: 1)
One veracious woman tells me she has used thin potato parings for both corns and calluses on her feet and they remove the pain or `` fire '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
the Honorable [FILTERED] , Sr. , at that time a justice of the New York Supreme Court , was on the reception committee . (Filtered Words: 1)
Relative military manpower ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Department's constant fight with the House for money is a polite minuet compared with its periodic bloody engagements with the Senate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The alveoli and respiratory bronchioles are primarily diffusing tissues . (Filtered Words: 0)
The remaining 1,286 returns that were processed came from the categories in Table 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it was a landmark . (Filtered Words: 0)
We don't want Barton's Night Riders loose again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had bought a little piece of property down along the coast of the hard country of Calabria that he knew so well . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gulf between the `` rich '' and the `` poor '' has narrowed , in the industrialized Western world , to the point that the word `` poor '' is hardly applicable . (Filtered Words: 0)
He don't care at all , and I don't care to get my head busted neither . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , there was a woman who , unasked , had already given him love . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy stood off a few feet and he had the stake again and he was racing innocently in circles , making the buzzing tractor sound with his lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not so soon , anyway . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Poynting-Robertson effect causes the semi-major axis of orbits to diminish more rapidly than the semi-minor axis , with a consequent tendency toward circular orbits as the particles move toward the sun . (Filtered Words: 0)
When necessary , we should make it clear that countries which choose to derive marginal advantages from the cold war or to exploit their potential for disrupting the security of the world will not only lose our sympathy but also risk their own prospects for orderly development . (Filtered Words: 0)
The authority of the Secretary of the Interior under this joint resolution to construct , operate , and maintain demonstration plants shall terminate upon the expiration of twelve years after the date on which this joint resolution is approved . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the crowd was asked whether it wanted to wait one more term to make the race , it voted no -- and there were no dissents . (Filtered Words: 0)
broader leather belt round the waist , holding cartridges and light sabre . (Filtered Words: 0)
Considering the nature of man , and the conditions for happiness , this can hardly be so '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The smell of sake had freshened yesterday's events in his thoughts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over the weekend , Mrs. [FILTERED] , personnel clerk , was a feted and honored guest of the Atlanta Club , organization of women employes at City Hall . (Filtered Words: 1)
Well he knew the sleepless nights , the howling sore-ridden dogs and the biting insects in the villages of the Kofanes and Huitotoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
If there is adequate information on job opportunities for skilled jobs elsewhere , many more workers can be expected to respond . (Filtered Words: 0)
For he feared the Lake of Fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heart-measuring techniques (Filtered Words: 0)
Currently , marina is used to indicate a municipal or commercially operated facility where a pleasure boat may dock and find some or all of the following available : gasoline , fresh water , electricity , telephone service , ice , repair facilities , restaurants , sleeping accommodations , a general store , and a grocery store . (Filtered Words: 0)
He heard himself chortling . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we go all gooey over this newest [FILTERED] ( until he proves he isn't ) we've got rocks in our heads . (Filtered Words: 1)
I wouldn't have the stuff in the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had left both of his eyes uncovered . (Filtered Words: 0)
The elegiac tone is Hardy's natural tone of voice , and it is not surprising that the 1912 - 13 poems are consistently and unmistakably his . (Filtered Words: 0)
the instrumentalities follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was [FILTERED] , clad only in a bloody loincloth , emaciated and quaking as if the devil were breathing hard on him . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` The committee continues to feel that Florida has progressed in a sound and equitable program at both the state and local levels in its efforts to review and assess transition problems as they arise from time to time in the entire spectrum of civil rights '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When we separated that evening [FILTERED] pushed a hundred dollar bill into [FILTERED]'s hand to help towards a layette . (Filtered Words: 2)
Members of the committee include Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] 3 , , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] 2 , and Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 16)
I grinned , but ignored the question . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems to me , the first thing you've got to do , to be happy , is to face up to your problems , no matter what they may be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Small areas that aren't right for a certain crop may lie next to areas that are well suited to that crop . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not simply giving a repetition of the program it gave during its New York engagement earlier this season , but has brought back many of the numbers that were on the bill when it paid us its first visit and won everybody's heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cafe Society opens formally this afternoon under its new ownership . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked up at me , puzzled , and he swayed his head from side to side . (Filtered Words: 0)
The charge that the federal indictment of three Chicago narcotics detail detectives `` is the product of rumor , combined with malice , and individual enmity '' on the part of the federal narcotics unit here was made yesterday in their conspiracy trial before Judge [FILTERED] in federal District court . (Filtered Words: 1)
The industry with which this model is concerned is a basic industry , producing a substantial share of gross national product . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , take [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He found the pilot light and turned on one of the burners for her . (Filtered Words: 0)
he had not known it until asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moritz , however , kicks only about 10 or 12 extra points during each practice session . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the process , he develops some very significant observations about problems of a sort that are often difficult . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm not giving you a chance , [FILTERED] , but availing myself of your generous offer of assistance . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sssshoo '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
These destructive forces also have a seriously adverse effect upon the watersheds and their life-supporting waterflows , and upon the other renewable forest resources . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gesticulated wildly . (Filtered Words: 1)
She didn't look over thirteen . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] accounted for three of the Tribe's eight hits . (Filtered Words: 1)
His counterpoint is pertinent , skillful , and rarely thick . (Filtered Words: 0)
With [FILTERED] on his way and Matilda visiting with Mrs. [FILTERED] while they searched out familiar names on the face of the cliff , Harmony settled on the edge of the grub box , to ease the pressure of her swollen body on her bone-weary legs , and worried about all that might have happened to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
) income from estates and trusts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor did the Trial devote much attention to exposing the usefulness of anti-Semitism to the Nazis , both in building their own power and in destroying that of rival organizations and states . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED]'s call to action (Filtered Words: 1)
Magnificent Mosque (Filtered Words: 0)
These observations indicate that the lunar maria heat up more rapidly and also cool off more rapidly than do the mountainous regions . (Filtered Words: 0)
In assigning to God the responsibility which he learned could not rest with his doctors , [FILTERED] gave evidence of that weakening of the moral intuition which was to characterize his administration in the years to follow . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the allocation pattern worked out for these frequencies , the provision of long-range service has to some extent been subordinated to the other two objectives -- assignment of multiple facilities , and assignment of stations in as many communities as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the knack gradually comes back to him , his rhythm becomes steadier , with the rigid monotony of an unskilled reader . (Filtered Words: 0)
The day wore on . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Oh , Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
From a technical standpoint , the string playing is good , but the Pro Arte people fail to enter into the spirit of things here . (Filtered Words: 0)
An occasional traveler from Italy brought news of [FILTERED] , who was now distributing his Bible among the Waldensian peasants . (Filtered Words: 1)
This terminology will also be applied to the corresponding points in the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
The whole role , by the way , is a considerable transformation for anyone who has seen Seigner in his other parts . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was a child too much a part of her environment , too eager to grow and learn and experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
the athlete of by-gone years who wears a size 46 suit and puffs when he has finished a sentence of any length then , it is time to break it up and move on . (Filtered Words: 0)
see the lightning flash ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Contact with him is stimulating . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had known when he first helped her to meet the right people and work with them that she did not intend to marry him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other words , these curves have only fixed intersections common to them all . (Filtered Words: 0)
This would provide for long-term Federal loans for construction of parochial and other private-school facilities for teaching science , languages and mathematics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lemma 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here and there she stayed to visit and drink a glass of sherry . (Filtered Words: 0)
The letters which poured forth from camps were usually written under adverse circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] in this paper is indicating his sympathy for such a plan . (Filtered Words: 1)
For radiosterilization , to destroy all organisms for long-term preservation -- about 4.5 Mrad for nonacid foods of low salt content . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the two other cases he ruled that the state had been `` unable to make a case '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He dropped his earlier and delightful hamming , which is about the only way to handle the old war horse called `` [FILTERED]'s Aunt '' , and let himself go with as appealing an `` Amy '' as anybody could ask . (Filtered Words: 1)
For example , instead of putting in your driveways last ( as many builders do ) you can now save money by putting them in first . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You were right '' , he said -- `` you and your engineer -- and I'm in something of a bind . (Filtered Words: 0)
What do you want '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He dressed , and sped outdoors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly , two damp days with the Bobbsey Twins had done him no good . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the observers of the 1946 tsunami at Hilo was [FILTERED] of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography , one of the world's foremost marine geologists . (Filtered Words: 1)
Leaders of industry (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That will be so nice for you , Mrs. [FILTERED] '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Benson looked up and saw Ramey's long head tilt forward to rub his chin on the stiff edge of the overall bib . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Say three minutes to make it sporting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Text reading is terminated when a pre-determined number of forms have been stored in the text-form list . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Then trim the excess . (Filtered Words: 0)
My guess would be that interest rates will decline moderately into the spring of 1961 and during the second half of the year will turn up gradually to recover the ground lost during the downturn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something flailed at the side of Nick's head as they rolled around and around . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish I were older or younger , [FILTERED] thought . (Filtered Words: 1)
The twenty-five-year-old recording offers rather faded string tone , but the balance between the instruments is good and the transfer is very quiet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Characteristically , [FILTERED] enjoyed writing the work . (Filtered Words: 1)
It changes and develops according to the text ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( Note : So far as State Police cars are concerned , only their replacement is under this division ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to the incompleteness of science and the completeness of metaphysics , they differ in that science is essentially descriptive , while philosophy in its inherited forms , tends to be goal-oriented , teleological and prescriptive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alcohol ingestion succeeded in changing immobility to mobility quite strikingly in one pilot subject ( the only one with whom this technique was tried ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The music died away discordantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The heat transfer to the anode is due to the following effects : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This agreement is considered very good for such short time intervals . (Filtered Words: 0)
You're beautiful , beautiful , beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Photos of Conference Rooms and the General Assembly Hall can be made when these rooms are not being used for meetings . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one time I became disturbed in the faith in which I had grown up by the apparent inroads being made upon both Old and New Testaments by a `` Higher Criticism '' of the Bible , to refute which I felt the need of a better knowledge of Hebrew and of archaeology , for it seemed to me that to pull out some of the props of our faith was to weaken the entire structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As we look to the $800 billion economy that is predicted for 1970 and the increase of about 40% in consumer expenditures that will be required to reach that goal , management can well be restless about how this tremendous volume and number of new products will be created and marketed '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then the boy straight-armed himself up , twisting at the last moment so he landed sitting . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew [FILTERED] was one of those men who had to work up a fury once in a while just to prove how dangerous he could be . (Filtered Words: 1)
Conservation plan (Filtered Words: 0)
Since they did not glance curiously at us once , I guessed that there was a penalty for distraction . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has also set up a central juvenile book-review and book-selection center , to provide better methods of purchasing and selection . (Filtered Words: 1)
for a spiral has motion as well as recurrence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone clapped tentatively then quickly stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we were really going to do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is precisely what makes lucid , straightforward music so difficult to compose -- the clarity must be new , not old '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the extent that our sampling of the orientations of American college students in the years 1950 and 1952 may be representative of our culture -- and still valid in 1959 -- we are disposed to question the summary characterization of the current generation as silent , beat , apathetic , or as a mass of other-directed conformists who are guided solely by social radar without benefit of inner gyroscopes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kind of neighborhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
His coat trimmed in sable , diamond stars of the Orders of Saints Andrew or George agleam , he was often prone to sit sulkily , eye downcast , in a Scheherazade trance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Research and development (Filtered Words: 0)
At no time does he seem to have proposed marriage , and Mrs. [FILTERED] was evidently torn between a concern for her daughter's emotions and the desire to believe that the friendship might be continued without harm to her reputation . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Reed Rogers Da Fonta Wild Life Sanctuary in Marin county on Friday officially became the property of the National Audubon Society . (Filtered Words: 0)
The West Berlin crisis is being played up artificially because it is needed by the United States to justify its arms drive '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their experience is quite in contrast with that of children of upper- and upper-middle-class native-born parents , who are more likely to regard education as good for its own sake and to discount the vocational emphases in the curriculum . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tactics studied in Geneva (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is it a woman '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The structure appears to be unique among OOH compounds , but is the same as that assumed by Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] emerged from the bedroom , everyone was gone except the tolerant Lord [FILTERED] , who stayed and chatted with him for half an hour , and then [FILTERED] lay awake most of that night , despairing of what he must expect on the Continent . (Filtered Words: 2)
He walked home at night for two miles beyond the end of a suburban trolley . (Filtered Words: 0)
they are far more common in the Pacific . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether the compromises -- on both sides -- that made possible the interim appointment can then be repeated remains to be seen . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had brandy in the library . (Filtered Words: 0)
To act otherwise would be to admit his helplessness . (Filtered Words: 0)
The comfort was short-lived , yet she found herself returning to the assurance whenever her imagination forced images on her too awful to contemplate without the prop of illusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though his character is broader and more comically rounded than the don , he gives it a firmness and toughness -- a sort of peasant dignity -- too . (Filtered Words: 0)
structurally , the U.N. is still fluid , vulnerable to the pressures that its new and enlarged membership are bringing to bear upon it . (Filtered Words: 0)
when they reached the boy , the father sliced a new plug of tobacco , put the scalp back in place , and covered the raw edges with the slices . (Filtered Words: 0)
But at the same time how understandable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Honest , kitten , that's all it is -- I don't even like Lucille much '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the light from the bedside table his father looked so worried that the promise spilled out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The electron optical system ( see fig. 14-1 ) is based in principle on the focusing action of concentric spherical cathode and anode surfaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few passed along a tip for the simple reason that they liked him and wanted to give him a break . (Filtered Words: 0)
Earth , being at the center of the universe , would have the same shape as the latter ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A fundamental source of knowledge in the world today is the book found in our libraries . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think we'd better let it lay until we get a clearer picture of the ecological setup around here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even better , they have the examples of Nashville and Houston to hold up as peaceful and progressive programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are we prepared to say that in that case nothing bad occurred in the sense in which we said it did ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If you would like to start your tour in Italy , where the rental fees are actually the lowest in Europe , [FILTERED] in all sizes are available , as are Alfa Romeo Giulietta models . (Filtered Words: 1)
Over the weeks , America's first Star Route Air Mail settled into a routine pattern despite the vagaries of weather and the lack of ground facilities and aids to navigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] , nothing is forbidden . (Filtered Words: 1)
The principal of the school announced that -- despite the help of private tutors in Hollywood and Philadelphia -- Fabian is a 10-o'clock scholar in English and mathematics . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gave it the name of Protestant philosophy of Progress . (Filtered Words: 1)
The sun warmed her , as it seemed to be warming everything , perhaps even the underside of stones or the chill insides of churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carefully he put down his steak knife and said loudly , `` Mr. Chairman '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's talk about the beach . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had just started swinging an ax at his second willow when the distant blast of a rifle sounded . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I promised him I wouldn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guy sulked over his drink , obviously upset by Haney's lack of appreciation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four persons died in Georgia weekend traffic crashes , two of them in a fiery crash near Snellville , the State Patrol said Sunday . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Belgian Congo was granted its independence with what seemed a workable Western-style form of government : there were to be a president and a premier , and a bicameral legislature elected by universal suffrage in the provinces . (Filtered Words: 0)
The city paid for work on 75 , of which no more than 21 were repaired , [FILTERED] charged . (Filtered Words: 1)
13 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were camped beside a large column-shaped boulder : a man , his lubra , and two children . (Filtered Words: 0)
One company instituted , early in 1959 , a vertical classification system consisting of four levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our campus , unfortunately , owns no films . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , who has recently abandoned authorship for a new round of diplomacy as the recently appointed American ambassador to Yugoslavia , is not the only man who finds it easier to portray the past than to prescribe for the future . (Filtered Words: 1)
Move over , General Motors '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had to teach himself patiently that these traps were not for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the age of 17 he became an apprentice machinist at the shop of Walcott & Harris in [FILTERED] , Rhode Island , and following two or three other jobs in quick succession after graduation , he went into business for himself in 1831 , making lathes and small tools . (Filtered Words: 1)
Conceivably the submarine defense problem can be solved by sufficient forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
This bill should be paid within 30 days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though his character is broader and more comically rounded than the don , he gives it a firmness and toughness -- a sort of peasant dignity -- too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , we can't stop them from coming in , however , just by talk . (Filtered Words: 0)
What bad grace , what incredible selfishness he and [FILTERED] had shown . (Filtered Words: 1)
But slowly they take over as Alain Delon ( Life , Sept. 15 ) , playing a sometimes appealing but always criminal boy , casually tells a rich and foot-loose American that he is going to murder him , then does it even while the American is trying to puzzle out how Delon expects to profit from the act . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He claims [FILTERED]'s in a plot to kill the P.M. '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The second speaker was Harvey Barcus , President of the Dog Writers Ass'n of America . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was able to smell a bargain -- and a masterpiece -- a continent away , and the Museum of Modern Art's [FILTERED] said of him : `` I have never mentioned a new artist that Thompson didn't know about '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A spectator picked up the ball and handed it to a small boy , who dropped this suddenly hot potato in a very playable lie . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among infants the patterns of emotional responses are similar ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And it leaves very soon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] , a Nobel Prize winner in chemistry , has been less ambiguous , whether you choose to agree with him or not . (Filtered Words: 1)
The radar station with the best location was still not serviceable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why should he be concerned ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Before then , my sales during much of the year had lagged behind 1960 by 20% '' , he says . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , he was persuaded out to dinner . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Byron '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
No wonder [FILTERED] responded so completely to its beckoning . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am kept from all danger by night and by day , (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It doesn't hurt . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` When you gotta go , you gotta go '' , Mrs. [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
he has experimented instead with personal myth-making . (Filtered Words: 0)
The day Alfred left his home and Fleischmanns he gave up the convictions of a lifetime . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was his complete discussion of [FILTERED] as a possible suspect . (Filtered Words: 1)
The boys were tiny . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gruesome humor of the Nazis was not forgotten -- the gas chamber with a sign on it with the name of a Jewish foundation and bearing a copper Star of David -- nor the gratuitous sadism of SS officers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sales and net income for the year ended December 31 , 1960 showed an improvement over 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jazz Three open program (Filtered Words: 0)
All for $14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
On May 11,330 , A.D. , , its name was changed again , this time to Constantinople after its emperor , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Bids are evaluated by the Division of Purchases with the assistance of pool staff , and awards for the purchase of the automobiles are made to the lowest responsible bidders . (Filtered Words: 0)
The executive paid tribute to research and development and technology for their great contributions in the past , but he also cautioned industry that they tend to be great equalizers because they move at a fairly even pace within an industry and fail to give it the short-term advantage which it often needs . (Filtered Words: 0)
and in particular -- since this is our special responsibility -- that these conditions be enjoyed by the people of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
, fourth in the league , to (Filtered Words: 0)
Whereas persons of eighth grade education or less were more apt to avoid or be shocked by nudity , those educated beyond the eighth grade increasingly welcomed and approved nudity in sexual relations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Booth had delivered his line . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fed the captain bits of history about the troops and the regiment . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sat down in his high-backed stall , lips compressed , eyes glinting . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was naked except for a clout . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is it a woman '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
if we'd really been trying to get him dead drunk we'd have had to go out for more wine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only a dozen or so schools send as many as six students , and there are seldom more than fifteen men in any single delegation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had I been granted the floor on a point of personal privilege , the matter she raised would have been clarified . (Filtered Words: 0)
The one sure way to tell victim and villain apart is to examine the hind legs which in the case of the idler , [FILTERED] , lack the pollen baskets -- naturally ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Gun knew it was Car 12 , the wagon , returned from delivering Ingleside's drunk-and-disorderlies to the City Jail . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was all too wearying . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned away and did not see the man's knees buckle and his body sag . (Filtered Words: 1)
Maybe he was only doing the best he knew how , like any of us . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was night on this hemisphere , but the light blazed from the megalopolises of Australia , Japan , China , Southeast Asia , India , Siberia . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
He devised a detonating fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current . (Filtered Words: 0)
But what could the Eichmann Trial initiate ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( After graduation from the University of Chicago , [FILTERED] taught for two years in the normal school at Valley City , North Dakota , then two years at Princeton ( Illinois ) Township High School . (Filtered Words: 1)
Judge [FILTERED]'s decision : `` The two plaintiffs are qualified for admission to said university and would already have been admitted had it not been for their race and color '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In a joint interview Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] were helped to understand the meaning of a younger son's wandering away from home in terms of his feelings of displacement in reaction to the arrival of the twins . (Filtered Words: 1)
In general , it appears that trustees and board members attempt to represent the public interest in their administration of educational policy , and this is made easier by the fact that the dominant values of the society are middle-class values , which are generally thought to be valid for the entire society . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here we shall restrict discussion to those methods that appear sufficiently sensitive and precise for determining the concentration of TSH in blood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mathematics came next '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a publishing and public relations center , but these very facts prevent it from being a literary center because writers dislike provincialism and untruth . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You must have loved that girl very much , but you couldn't have meant it when you said that you wanted to kill her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My cousin works at the Labor Bureau . (Filtered Words: 0)
By contrast , the energetic reaction of the leader to the full demands his decision imposes upon him strengthens the moral intuition and gives us the measure of the man . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reporters had not yet discovered that this was his hideaway . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Purely from the business man's standpoint and without regard to the lawyer's view '' , commented a trade journal , `` the matter of patents in the automobile and accessory trade is developing some phases and results that challenge thought as to how far patents are to become weapons of warfare in business , instead of simple beneficient protection devices for encouraging inventive creation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But after all , why should they ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She didn't have a bad shape when you caught her at the pool at Longue Vue , but her bathing suits were far from smart . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] went taut : was it possible ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Here and there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The plane of the action in the scene is not parallel with the plane of the film in the camera or on the screen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outraged , he used the Advocate of March 7th for a denial , sending immediately to Santa Fe and [FILTERED] for documents to vindicate himself , and demanding that [FILTERED] reveal the name of this perfidious slanderer who disguised himself under a pastoral pseudonym . (Filtered Words: 2)
Since the removal force is a function of coating thickness , a differential transformer pickup has been incorporated into the instrument to accurately measure film thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man shrank before the hot fury , searching frantically for the answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
If she were not at home , Mama would see to it that a fresh white rose was there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The truck dropped them off at the various revetments spread through the jungle . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] Mathues said [FILTERED] had predicted bloodshed on the ship . (Filtered Words: 2)
Montero shouted furiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now it would have another death . (Filtered Words: 0)
The skyline , the bridges , Broadway , and the Staten Island ferry are only a few of the spots to put on your `` must '' list for New York City . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've been here for some time '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
No one told on Ludie , not even when he slipped live grasshoppers into the mite-box . (Filtered Words: 0)
This family of Luxemburg immigrants , in fact , produced two exceptional children . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Stay right here where you are , kid '' , he called . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll try '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There was that fellow out there in the bitter cold '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew the house fairly well , he had been there on two previous visits during the past three or four months alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
So she brought the fish in whole , and she carried a lemon in her mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the first month , rates are considerably less , averaging only about $60 a month for most 4- and 5-passenger models . (Filtered Words: 0)
They borrowed a typewriter , raised about $2,000 in contributions , hired a secretary , persuaded a couple of young men to join them for almost no pay and began mailing out a collection of unstapled leaflets that they called Guideposts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presidential coercion had succeeded not only in poisoning the courtiers , `` toadies '' and sycophants of the `` bench '' against me , but it had been so far-reaching as to discourage any lawyer in the nation from representing me ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The fish hawk flew on and was lost from sight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the Church was born and because of its intrinsic character was soon identified as a conservative institution , determined to resist the forces of change , to identify itself with the political rulers , and to maintain a kind of splendid isolation from the masses . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's plenty of risk money '' , [FILTERED] added , `` but not for anything this risky '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The liquid phase photochemical reaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
They hope that if history vouchsafes the West another Budapest , we will receive the opportunity gladly . (Filtered Words: 0)
But since last fall the United States has been moving toward a pro-neutralist position and now is ready to back the British plan for a cease-fire patrolled by outside observers and followed by a conference of interested powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The resultant friction force , Af is thus directly proportional to Af and consequently also to film thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Russians are all trained as dancers before they start to study gymnastics . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That isn't a boulevard , it's a racetrack '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Vandiver opened his race for governor in 1958 with a battle in the Legislature against the issuance of $50 million worth of additional rural roads bonds proposed by then Gov. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
She didn't look over thirteen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matter of survival (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't see Alma anywhere '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than 10 companies maintain facilities in Dallas and one large manufacturer is located to the north at Sherman . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the spate of female vocalists we have been having , all of whom took [FILTERED] as a point of departure and then tried to see what they could do that might make her seem old hat , it seemed that all that has happened is to make the real thing seem better than ever . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a matter of principle with [FILTERED] , since Britain had declared war in behalf of Poland . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I know Ches , he's a friend of mine . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If once they become inattentive to the public affairs '' , [FILTERED] said , `` you and I , and Congress and assemblies , judges and governors , shall all become wolves '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
for still others , mostly of the nineteenth-century immigration , it was [FILTERED] , and for a small minority it was Eastern Orthodoxy . (Filtered Words: 1)
When she succeeds , she usually manages to slip in unobtrusively , to deposit an egg on a completed loaf of beebread before the bumblebees seal the egg compartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
This indicates that increase in specificity of Af after passing it through DEAE-cellulose was not merely due to dilution . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned unsmilingly to Rachel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion without supernaturalism (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s band has been infected with his solid sense of swing , and what it does seems far more meaningful than most of the noise generated by the big concert aggregations . (Filtered Words: 1)
God help you if she knows where she's been '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , when more than one distinct form leads to a particular cell in the X-region , a chain of information cells must be created to accommodate the forms , one cell in the chain for each form . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What will we need outside , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
On July 14 the Security Council -- with France and Great Britain abstaining -- voted the resolution which drew the U.N. into the Congo . (Filtered Words: 0)
But whose requirements ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , president of the PTC , who attended the meeting , said the transit company is reviewing the work on the El . (Filtered Words: 1)
He did not , as far as I can gather , find the South `` worse '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Papers like these four , if widely read , will contribute importantly to improvement of our analytic work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have a test-run on the family first , to be sure timing and seasoning are right . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were more women than men in the place , but he couldn't find a flowerpot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why did I choose to fill these pages in this particular issue with this mixture of rather tenuous reflections and autobiography ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He served as president of the Continental Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wine bought from a dealer should ideally be allowed to rest for several weeks before it is served . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ambulance is drawn by two `` charming '' little horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are still considered to be for use in restricted waters , however , and targets must come within a few yards of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
But what you haven't got is the heart to back up that talent with . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Morning , Lieutenant Rinker '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some churches have six or more training sessions of two hours each , generally held on Sunday night or during the week . (Filtered Words: 0)
but his companion crossed the river walking on the water and beckoned to [FILTERED] to follow him . (Filtered Words: 1)
She smiled , and expertly let herself downward , holding this known root or that , her sneakers sliding in the leaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the light of the facts at hand , however , New York Central intends to pursue the objective of helping to create a healthy two-system eastern railroad structure in the public interest '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your chauffeur's expenses will average between $7.00 to $12.00 a day , but this charge is the same whether you rent a 7-passenger Cadillac limousine or a 4-passenger Peugeot or Fiat 1800 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You must be a very learned man '' , says Voltaire to one of the bandits . (Filtered Words: 0)
The principal defender of this view of primary experience as `` causal efficacy '' is [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Protection from other damage (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
therefore , in the investigation of the present hypothesis , it was necessary to control this factor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The overall effect was probably to stimulate more party activity in the communal elections than might have otherwise taken place . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nation-state , then , exemplifies the principle of nationalism and exercises sovereignty : supreme power over domestic affairs and independence from outside control . (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctor instantly asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
He set [FILTERED]' suitcase near the front door , went outside and walked back to the garage . (Filtered Words: 1)
The poll was taken at the Center's annual builders' intentions conference . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps , with my [FILTERED] , she found a measure of economic security that she needed ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Carrier Af was added and the aqueous and organic phases were separated ( cells containing gaseous reactants were immersed in liquid air before opening under sodium iodide ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
A vigorous program existed in skiing , skating sports and overnight hiking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Idols' idols : (Filtered Words: 0)
Then there had been another head beside his own . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had certain psychic intuitions that this rebellion was not wholly what it appeared on the surface . (Filtered Words: 1)
Where were they all walking to ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Their conversation and dinner passed in a warm and friendly atmosphere '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For once his touch deserted him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jones sighed as if relieved . (Filtered Words: 0)
every orthodontist sees children who are embarrassed by their malformed teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The deep concave gradient employed ( fig. 2 ) was obtained with a nine-chambered gradient elution device ( `` Varigrad '' , reference ( 8 ) ) and has been described elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would lie in it no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
He began to wish that he hadn't shouted that other evening when the truck bore down through the crossing . (Filtered Words: 0)
another by giving away his property in order to help his fellow man . (Filtered Words: 0)
The argument was typically advanced in terms of U.S. `` prestige '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stressed the wild beauty of the mountains , and the jungles . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They're ugly and I hate them '' , the boy insisted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kahler continued : `` I fixed his dog the other day and I guess he's sore , so I expected him to come barging in '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nate '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Where to put it (Filtered Words: 0)
The other bedroom has heavier styling , door-fronted dressers with acacia panels , a poster bed or a bed with arched acacia panels and matching mirror . (Filtered Words: 0)
The publication form is that of loose-leaf sheets ( Af ) contained in binders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Madden regretted not being able to find fault with so true a statement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The general board declared : `` Most of the Protestant churches hold contraception and periodic continence to be morally right when the motives are right . (Filtered Words: 0)
He seemed puzzled by my question . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides the editors there were many contributors in the United States and Great Britain to Volumes 1 , and 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among its most spectacular features are its falls , the highest being Upper Yosemite which drops 2,425 feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
A year later they were 4-13 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The present Secretary General has been the Foundation's principal administrative officer continuously since the Foundation's establishment thirty-five years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] brothers were experienced bridge builders , and against the competition of other , and better known , bridge designers and builders they had constructed nine of the covered , wooden bridges on the [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] a dozen years before , as well as many other bridges for several counties . (Filtered Words: 3)
He was fifteen years older than I -- forty-four -- but full of spring and sparkle . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was just short of arm's reach when he stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hormone has also been called thyrotrophin or thyrotrophic hormone . (Filtered Words: 0)
This rather detached attitude toward life's encumbrances has seemed to be the dominant trait in [FILTERED]'s personality ever since . (Filtered Words: 1)
Despite the 45-degree weather the game was clicked off in 1:48 , thanks to only three bases on balls and some good infield play . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED] was right when he said , `` We shall never negotiate out of fear and we never shall fear to negotiate '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The 2% increase in retail sales in October to a 4-month high is encouraging in this connection as well as the most recent consumer survey by the National Industrial Conference Board , which shows a decided pickup in consumer spending plans . (Filtered Words: 0)
Harold put a teaspoonful of powdered coffee in his cup and filled it with hot water , and then , stirring , he sat back in his chair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Loyal and unscrupulous , with a single-minded ambition to which he devoted all his energies , he outmatched the English diplomats time and time again until , by a kind of poetic justice , he fell at the battle of Courtrai , the victim of the equally nationalistic if less articulate [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The soldier's voice was muffled again , stricken with chagrin . (Filtered Words: 0)
The editor of the Daily Journal warned , `` that if such a demonstration be made , it will not find support or countenance from any of the men whose names are recognized as having a right to speak for Providence '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , a bad check may subject the maker to certain penalties . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] will be responsible for the commercial expansion of VecTrol's line of electronic and electrical power control components as furnished to end equipment manufacturers , working closely with [FILTERED] , President and Director of Engineering of the recently acquired Sprague subsidiary . (Filtered Words: 2)
Even now , like a ringing in his ears , he heard the wooooosh of flame-throwers squirting great orange billows . (Filtered Words: 0)
The better quality products in both of these lines contain phosphate builders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theresa shifted to a new page . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , since the pencil contains a secant of **zg it actually contains only Af singular lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he would get to his feet , as though rising in honor of his own remarkable powers , and say almost invariably , `` Gentlemen , this is an amazing story ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Fiscal year taxpayers have until the last day of the first month following the close of the fiscal year ( farmers until the 15th day of the 2d month ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Afterwards , Palmer told [FILTERED] , his last-round partner , that he simply played the hole too fast . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I think that maybe she wanted it this way '' , a vice squad cop said . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a waterfall and all that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few were doubtful about the merits of an exclusive section for married students . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was evident that a captain should remain at his desk , directing with a firm hand and keeping a firm seat . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That suite is taken '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are grouped into sections according to the crystal system , and within each section compounds are arranged in the same order as in Groth's Chemische [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
And for the thousandth time , I answered myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The conclusion upon this record is inescapable that such likelihood was proved as to this acquisition . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stations programing to Negro listeners are having to upgrade their shows in order to keep pace with rising educational , economic , and cultural levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he did recommend that President [FILTERED] state clearly that if Communist countries shipped any further arms to Cuba that it would not be tolerated . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'm just thinking of a way for you to be sensible '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its initial expenses will be paid from appropriations currently available for our foreign aid program . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a journey through woods and stream he double-bogeyed the 13th . (Filtered Words: 0)
If this was in fact Mr. [FILTERED]'s intention he has achieved a notable failure . (Filtered Words: 1)
President [FILTERED]'s Commission on Higher Education tended to take a liberal , expansionist position , while President [FILTERED]'s Committee on Education Beyond the High School was slightly more conservative . (Filtered Words: 2)
airdrops and airstrips ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A primary function is the operation of a Government Bid Center , which receives bids daily from the Federal Government's principal purchasing agencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the figure of [FILTERED] has obviously drawn on his studies of T. E. [FILTERED] ( though [FILTERED] fights on the side of the Turks instead of against them ) , and like both [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] himself he is a fervent admirer of Nietzsche . (Filtered Words: 4)
The fisherman was right in the middle of the Deep . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was composed last year as a salute to the automobile industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exposure (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who served as a correspondent with General [FILTERED]'s paratroopers during the invasion of France , combines the soul of an artist with the lingo of a tough guy . (Filtered Words: 2)
Division one of the parade will be the service academies . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may take His name upon your lips in oaths and curses if you so choose . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be a bit cold when poured ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was answered , he said , `` [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Her action was involuntary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine the ratio of 40% to the average per capita income of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clerk impressed this upon me : that I should not arrive in the hall before ten o'clock . (Filtered Words: 0)
This seems to refer , not to the loan [FILTERED] had asked for , but to a proposed bargain with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
since [FILTERED] had always put most of [FILTERED]'s money on her own back , [FILTERED] suspected that no more than a few of that long row would be needed . (Filtered Words: 3)
She looked back toward the schoolroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ducking , [FILTERED] tripped and fell to one side , landing heavily on the wood floor . (Filtered Words: 1)
he felt he was noting it , as if it were something he might think about when he grew stronger . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concept of good nutrition really began with the garden . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly , he wrote that [FILTERED] had a `` too deliberate manner '' as well as a lack of `` inevitable felicity in diction '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Diplomats stayed up nights thinking of ways to attain peaceful coexistence , not with [FILTERED] , but with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` What happened '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Put aircraft in `` bomb-proof '' hangars when they are on the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
Artillery and air strikes were called in to kill them by the hundreds . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had to uphold the sacredness of the feudal contract at all costs , for it was only as suzerain of Sicily and of the Patrimony of Peter that he had any justification for his Italian wars , but in the English-Scottish-French triangle it was almost impossible for him to recognize the claims of any one of the contestants without seeming to invalidate those of the other two . (Filtered Words: 1)
Foreign policy in its total context (Filtered Words: 0)
However needed this may be , the fundamental problem is not information but active commitment to the total mission of the church of Christ in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was told he displayed , for example , a sense of superiority -- and he answered : `` Well , I am supposed to know all the answers , aren't I '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The 20-to-1 ratio for cochannel interference embodies one of the fundamental limiting principles which we must always take into account in AM assignments and allocations -- that signals from a particular station are potential sources of objectionable interference over an area much greater than that within which they provide useful service . (Filtered Words: 0)
A brief for the negative (Filtered Words: 0)
Nearing home , he jerked to attention at the distant crack of a gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus Af is also continuous at Af , and in a neighborhood of Af which does not contain a tangent point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing could make it necessary to proclaim it to the whole world '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his moments of worst agony , Martin imagined what his friends were saying . (Filtered Words: 0)
She also builds one or two waxen cups which she fills with honey . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Name one , I been there '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The horse plodded on , and he repeated his call . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new century opened with Oersted beginning his professional career in charge of an apothecary shop in Copenhagen and as lecturer at the university . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pain of the rabbit was not itself bad ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For many readers [FILTERED] comes closer than anyone else in sight . (Filtered Words: 1)
On ships at sea , on railroad trains , in summer hotels with mountain views , they always said , `` I've never done this before '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The show has been to Boston and Manhattan , will in time reach Pittsburgh and Minneapolis . (Filtered Words: 0)
I looked back at pale ovals framed in the elongated oval of the car's rear window . (Filtered Words: 0)
The virus antigen was concentrated in the pseudophloem tissue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until tangible and mutually enforceable arms reduction measures are worked out we will not weaken the means of defending our institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't know whether he was after our rider , who had gone by a minute before , or whether he was simply scouting conditions ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What did it mean ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you set specific objectives for your employee publication ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In other words , as students go through college , those who are most successful academically tend to become more committed to a `` Bill of Rights '' orientation . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is an unsolved problem which probably has never been seriously investigated , although one frequently hears the comment that we have insufficient specialists of the kind who can compete with the Germans or Swiss , for example , in precision machinery and mathematics , or the Finns in geochemistry . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is still concerned , however , with a personal event . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rousseau asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That was the fille de chambre , the one you thought couldn't get the eggs out . (Filtered Words: 0)
This system was dependent upon identical maps and [FILTERED] supplied them from a mobile lithograph press . (Filtered Words: 1)
There were tracks of cattle all over his six hundred and forty acres . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is said that , even at the present stage of Southern urbanization , such a city as Atlanta is not distinctly unlike Columbus or Trenton . (Filtered Words: 0)
2.3 the discrete stochastic process (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , it hadn't been what it seemed , he'd had no idea the girl was in there . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s supercritical attitude toward Byron had nothing to do with his moral disrepute . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Ain't no sense you eating our dust '' , [FILTERED] protested . (Filtered Words: 1)
But in our case -- and neither my wife nor I have extreme views on integration , nor are we given to emotional outbursts -- the situation has ruined one or two valued friendships and come close to wrecking several more . (Filtered Words: 0)
P.S. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're too clean . (Filtered Words: 0)
They drank half a cup of this morning and night , and they also washed and soaked their hands in the same solution . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then perhaps one day we get to Athens . (Filtered Words: 0)
They combed their hair and streaked it at the part and greased the bangs so that the hair above their foreheads stood rigid like the tails of sage hens making love . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' , she said , almost in a whisper , as if admitting to a crime . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm ruddy lazy , and I'm getting on in years . (Filtered Words: 0)
In view of these shortcomings in both the amount and the interpretation of survey-type findings on public opinion , and considering the criticisms which can be brought against Fromm's philosophical anthropology , such a passage as the following cannot be taken seriously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spring and summer may be here officially , but those thermos stay in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why does the story affect us ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know '' , he said , reading her mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
she was fatally injured . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the government must do that ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
but on the theory before us such a belief would not make sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Approached creatively , it is a high art . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe I could '' , he said , surprised that she could turn from herself and notice anything about him . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. John 4 : 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
One man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds , he would give ninety of them to be back in England . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adjusted gross income (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Here I think the role of the philosopher becomes apparent . (Filtered Words: 0)
On shore `` the freed slaves to despotism '' -- the town dwellers -- watched the ships and waited . (Filtered Words: 0)
Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
soloists ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The two cities have the examples of Little Rock and New Orleans to hold up as warnings against resorting to violence to try to stop the processes of desegregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The widely known financial firm has 60 days to spell out the terms of its contract . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other crucial matters required constant supervision : labor and all noncombatant troops , whose morale was vital , too ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In my place , you'd follow such advice as you give me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
To him , law is the command of the sovereign ( the English monarch ) who personifies the power of the nation , while sovereignty is the power to make law -- i.e. , to prevail over internal groups and to be free from the commands of other sovereigns in other nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their meeting at San Francisco is nominally scheduled as a conference of the California Democratic Council directorate . (Filtered Words: 0)
When did you last compare your present premium costs with the costs of insurance from other sources ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They plan to become county people who know the proper way to terminate a fox's life on earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had obtained and provisioned a veteran ship called the Discovery and had recruited a crew of twenty-one , the largest he had ever commanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men around him , observes the narrator , `` have been living from day to day for thousands of years '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , when you have prepared your foundation and laid the floor , these can be trucked to the site and erected with a small crew of friends in a weekend . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Peace Corps , therefore , offers an opportunity to add a new dimension to our approach to the world -- an opportunity for the American people to think anew and start afresh in their participation in world development . (Filtered Words: 0)
This means practically everybody in this room . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't bother , [FILTERED] '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 1)
This date in 1819 marked the sailing of the S. S. `` Savannah '' from Savannah , Georgia , for Liverpool . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many other ( probably nearly all ) snakes at maturity are already more than half their final length . (Filtered Words: 0)
Atty. Gen. [FILTERED] appeared for the state . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] went back and reminded the kitchen women of the supper preparations . (Filtered Words: 1)
It happened at the St. Patrick's Day party , a big affair for a regiment which had gone into battle for over three-quarters of a century to the strains of an Irish march . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , not only had he been here before , but it seemed he might well come again . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s solution doesn't appeal to me . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sickness or loss of some of the livestock may cut into the owner's earnings , even into his capital . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was a wastrel . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is even true that some among them use the sheer fact of conformity -- `` everyone does it '' -- as a criterion for conduct . (Filtered Words: 0)
A quarter of a century has gone by since this bevy of walking dreams sashayed up and down the staircases of the old New Amsterdam Theater , N.Y. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Location (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] crossed the narrow street , squeezing between parked cars to reach the sidewalk . (Filtered Words: 1)
With no set standards , there is the tendency to promote to the next highest level when the top of a salary band is reached regardless of performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You first '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boldness of champions (Filtered Words: 0)
no private property , no money ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , to cite but one example , the Pax Britannica of the nineteenth century , whether with the British navy ruling the seas or with the City of London ruling world finance , was strictly national in motivation , however much other nations ( e.g. , the United States ) may have incidentally benefited . (Filtered Words: 0)
Third , how can we insure a systematic and continuing group relations education in the schools ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the Catholic Saint Mary's Church , with an even taller steeple and a cross on top , stood on Ball Street . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here , nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could get up close to him where there was traffic but had to drop far behind when there wasn't traffic . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , he had less reason to desire it than the marine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Article 4 , general undertakings (Filtered Words: 0)
Encouraging self-help (Filtered Words: 0)
An accompanying record of paralanguage factors for the second example might also note a throaty rasp . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty shrugged slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were climbing the hill in the night when the headlights abruptly probed solid blackness , became two parallel luminous tubes which broadened out into a faint mist of light and ended . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] a length of 1/8'' '' dia. drill rod into a drill press or some similar turning device and while it is rotating file the end square and then file a slight taper 1/8'' '' long . (Filtered Words: 1)
While the factories were always the center of the labor market , they were often on the city's periphery . (Filtered Words: 0)
The planning division has embarked on the most complete and comprehensive state planning program in the nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
She gave the nastiest laugh I ever heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , the marksman gets 5 shots , but we take his score to be the number of shots before his first bull's-eye , that is , 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ( or 5 , if he gets no bull's-eye ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the bed that sagged in a certain place where all the weight had been put too many times before and the walls fine and thin for overhearing talk in the next room when [FILTERED] went out for ice , the sound coming through the walls like something on the other side of the curtain , so you knew they heard you when they were quiet and while you lay wondering what they had heard you listened . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her dark cool caresses were sweeter than any woman's ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His English friends , it said , had gone into training to keep up with him vocally and with his `` allegro movements around the luncheon table '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Across the front of a yard and down the side , they were iron , either spiked along the top or arched in half circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Operating revenues were off in the first three months of 1961 , but up for the 12 months ending in March . (Filtered Words: 0)
The white-clad trees stood like specters in the February night . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her bright eyes were twinkling . (Filtered Words: 0)
By Nov. 8 , 1958 , weakness , specifically involving the pelvic and thigh musculature , was pronounced , and a common complaint was `` difficulty in stepping up on to curbs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Boss wants performance , not gripes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who's there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Trial should have asked the nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why did Prokofieff expand in stature and fecundity , while [FILTERED] ( who leaped into fame like a young giant ) dwindled in stature and fruitfulness ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
In the United States , most of the sensors are calibrated by dropping small spheres on their sensitive surfaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
She yelped . (Filtered Words: 0)
Honors that have come to [FILTERED] are countless . (Filtered Words: 1)
Westbrook further bemoans the Southern writers' creation of an unreal image of their homeland , which is too readily assimilated by both foreign readers and visiting Yankees : `` Our northerner is suspicious of all this crass evidence ( of urbanization ) presented to his senses . (Filtered Words: 0)
She lost her beau to you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look in the wastebasket . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The discontinuity can either be that of war to destruction , or that of diplomatic policy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course the principal factor in the whole experience was the kind of education he received . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude had the opportunity to take the bottle of opium from [FILTERED]'s room . (Filtered Words: 1)
First , the Onset Profile spreads across approximately 12 years for boys and 10 years for girls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the outstanding members of the Hearst cabinet whom he successfully opposed for a time were the great Arthur Brisbane , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Colonel [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
One finds it difficult to pass censure on the lonely figure who waited for days for a saving word from his zealously served idol , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
You would call these the motives of crime . (Filtered Words: 0)
But what came in was piling up . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bore is unrifled but is provided with an insert tube which is rifled and which , surprisingly , gives pretty fair accuracy even though it's only 3-1/2 inches long . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , when Dartmouth's Winter Carnival -- widely recognized as the greatest , wildest , roaringest college weekend anywhere , any time -- was broadcast over a national television hookup , Prexy [FILTERED] appeared on the screen in rugged winter garb , topped off by a tam-o'-shanter which he confessed had been acquired from a Smith girl . (Filtered Words: 1)
But , at the start , his new life felt invigorating . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , do forgive me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirty-six (Filtered Words: 0)
Gross was behind a clean-top desk , only a manila folder before him . (Filtered Words: 0)
They all had the hard look of gamblers who had stopped dreaming , who automatically turned the cards , hardly caring what showed up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why don't we drive around the corner '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Her face was flushed from sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
The BOD of the effluent ranged from a minimum of 13 to a maximum of 47 mg. / l. . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is how the Jews prepare a body for burial . (Filtered Words: 0)
I liked her , and all at once I was glad she was there . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] earlier selections were Mendelssohn's Variations Serieuses , in which each variation was nicely set off from the others ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The variations are not too great . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You'll just have to risk it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Antoine's held as mandatory a splash of absinthe or [FILTERED] on the parsley or spinach which was used for the underbedding . (Filtered Words: 1)
One may be sure the present Republican congressional leadership hasn't meant to repeat this error . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he hasn't even got a knife on him . (Filtered Words: 0)
This would show that somebody , even a foreigner living in Rome , cared . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gear ratio -- speed relationships (Filtered Words: 0)
We printed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
and this is the victory that overcomes the world , our faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
This last point is important because if high school pupils are aware that few , if any , graduates who have chosen a certain vocational program have obtained a job as a consequence of the training , the whole idea of relevance disappears . (Filtered Words: 0)
Powers had not followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In our own practice , to have the last `` intonaco '' plaster coat thick enough to match , and at the same time to avoid fine cracks in drying , we found that it had to be put on in two layers , letting the first set awhile before applying the second . (Filtered Words: 0)
He enjoyed killing . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the basis of the findings which led to this conclusion , the Court remanded the case to the District Court to determine the appropriate relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
We must justify our heritage . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Makes 6 barbecues . (Filtered Words: 0)
Right now , they are pushing a resolution which would have UN use its forces to invade and subjugate Katanga . (Filtered Words: 0)
Play me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] , Professor of Assyrian at the University of Pennsylvania , dreamed that a Babylonian priest , associated with the king [FILTERED] , ( 1300 B.C. ) escorted him to the treasure chamber of the temple of [FILTERED] , gave him six novel points of information about a certain broken relic , and corrected an error in its identification . (Filtered Words: 3)
He said vaguely , `` Well , it is a little legal matter , but nothing like that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I clapped the big man with the bleached hair on his shoulder and said heartily , hoping it would make an impression on the women : `` This one is the maku Frayne . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
By preying on the sick , by playing callously on the hopes of the desperate , by causing the sufferer to delay proper medical care , these medical ghouls create pain and misery by their very activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was an excellent vintage . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this heavy air , however , that device did not seem to help . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are interested in further diversification into other fields of capital goods , or components for industrial products , and have recently intensified our efforts in that direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guns are fired , the hymns are sung , and the body of [FILTERED] is carried down to the vault and laid beside the tombs of his ancestors . (Filtered Words: 1)
Palm oil protects the surfaces of steel sheets before they are plated with tin . (Filtered Words: 0)
A state , the highest form of human organization in fact and theory , could be subjected to Law only by a manifestation of self-will , or consent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Extractor -- centrifugal extractor of the laundry-type with a perforated basket , approximately 11 inches deep by 17 inches in diameter , with an operating speed of approximately 1,500 r.p.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a periodic review , the local board on July 30 , 1953 , reclassified him 1-a and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by petitioner , because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home . (Filtered Words: 0)
but Leger , Arp , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , at the time , gave him their blessing . (Filtered Words: 2)
Everyone who believes that Jesus is the Christ is born of God . (Filtered Words: 0)
She's just the other side of that bush '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
London , July 4 (Filtered Words: 0)
They are as decisively present in the Oresteia and Oedipus as in [FILTERED] , King Lear , and Phedre . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the new style , the Department was berated as intellectually barren and unable to produce the vital ideas needed to outwit the Russians . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this connection it should be capable of being disseminated without excessive destruction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only when a concert of nations rests on the positive foundations of shared goals and values is it likely to form a viable instrument of long-range policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can hardly think of this simple fare without exclaiming , oh , what a luxury . (Filtered Words: 0)
The natural anatomical and physiological defensive features of the upper respiratory tract , such as the turbinates of the nose and the cilia of the trachea and larger bronchi , are capable of impinging out the larger particles to which we are ordinarily exposed in our daily existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon return of the file to the local board , petitioner was again ordered to report for induction and this prosecution followed his failure to do so . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were west of the Sabine , but only God knew where . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
When this water level has been reached , inject steam into the wheel until the temperature reaches that shown in Column B of Table 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Greater demand for services . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Boston elders were great at befuddling the opposition with torrents of ecclesiastical obscurities , but [FILTERED] was better . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I have to see the facts '' , is the way the prince puts it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , he openly attacked [FILTERED] and referred to his `` aberrant conduct '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
While she was thus engaged , [FILTERED] questioned her about her whereabouts the previous day , any recollections she had of people hanging around , of overcurious delivery boys or repairmen , of strange cars cruising the neighborhood . (Filtered Words: 1)
( E. G. Erdos , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] ) biophysical studies on modified fibrous proteins (Filtered Words: 2)
At the end of this period two pious Christians in Rome receive the revelation which leads them to seek the next Pope on the rock . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED]'s `` ideas '' for news stories or editorial campaigns were by no means always fruitless or lacking in merit . (Filtered Words: 1)
He didn't even ask the cost of this collection . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , feeble -- peaked . (Filtered Words: 1)
A blower is essential for the double-wall shelter and for the underground shelters . (Filtered Words: 0)
investigation of respiratory diseases of laboratory animals ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Baton Rouge , La. (Filtered Words: 0)
The bill would increase from $5,000,000 to $15,000,000 the maximum loan the state could make to a local water project . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had to teach himself patiently that these traps were not for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tossing his rope and shouting he attracted her attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact it has caused us to give serious thought to moving our residence south , because it is not easy for the most objective Southerner to sit calmly by when his host is telling a roomful of people that the only way to deal with Southerners who oppose integration is to send in troops and shoot the bastards down . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the goat would not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each week an estimated 20 million patients call upon us doctors . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then there was a numbing blow to the heart , and another gut-flattening blow to the stomach (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind it a cabin cruiser drifted crossways in the small ground-swell , a lone fisherman in the chair aft . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , too , she talked low , quirking her head at one or another of the places , most often at Izaak's armchair which faced her across the long table . (Filtered Words: 0)
The revised procedure was acclaimed as a long-overdue reform . (Filtered Words: 0)
We first show that the function is single-valued in some neighborhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Trujillo's dictatorship had been along conservative , right-wing lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
You had to have convictions to lie down in the road in all those clothes and appear as though you might wish to turn yourself out of your own home . (Filtered Words: 0)
So you're not tryin , [FILTERED] , you bastard you . (Filtered Words: 1)
Miss [FILTERED] was one of the speakers on the panel of the Eastern Women's Liberal Arts College panel on Wednesday evening in the Security Life Bldg. . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then we have surviving at least one instance of a poem prepared for another , in Naturam non Pati Senium , and perhaps also the De Idea Platonica . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' My impassioned plea for civil rights created a landslide of correspondence and one sponsor even asked me to consider replacing the Eddie Cantor comedy hour on a permanent basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The plight of a small community library is proportionately worse . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Commission shall certify to the Secretary of State , upon his request , copies of the formal submissions of claims filed pursuant to subsection ( B ) of Section 4 of this Act for transmission to the foreign government concerned . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the luggage , they learned that the two air pirates , far from being Cubans , were native Americans , subsequently identified as [FILTERED] , 50-year-old ex-convict from Coolidge , Ariz. , and his son , [FILTERED] , 16 , a high-school junior . (Filtered Words: 2)
It fell , February 6 , 1827 , carrying with it a horse and wagon , two men and four oxen . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this case , then , the military objective was accomplished with an epidemic agent solely through the results secured in the initial attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
The waters lay muddy but placid , without a ripple of movement against the wheels ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But , I'm telling you , it'll be turned down -- you don't understand the System yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
She , too , is concerned with `` the becoming , the process of realization '' , but she does not think in terms of subtle variations of spatial or temporal patterns . (Filtered Words: 0)
food and military supplies ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You can find it in the papers '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no lock because [FILTERED] didn't allow a lock . (Filtered Words: 1)
He stood , panting , for a moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Soviet Union will fight neither a conventional nor a nuclear war over Berlin , and neither will its Warsaw Pact allies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The application of these formulae could not please both sides , for they really attempted to marry the impossible to the inevitable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the concept of high fidelity became important some dozen years ago , the claims of technical improvements have multiplied tenfold . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a long train flowing from the shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rodding formulas apply to many phases of the sport . (Filtered Words: 0)
You name it , our industry is producing it , and it probably is made in different models . (Filtered Words: 0)
Husbandry was bounded by snake-rail fences , and there were grazing cattle . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nor Methodists , neither '' , she replied . (Filtered Words: 0)
Richmond , Va. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The numerical aperture should be in general close to unity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The quest offers careers . (Filtered Words: 0)
as a complex it fits into the whole social organization and functions dominantly in every part of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remarks of Hon. [FILTERED] of Illinois (Filtered Words: 1)
Producer [FILTERED] has chosen a delightful comedy for his season's opener at [FILTERED] in [FILTERED] `` King Of Hearts '' . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` Stop worrying . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] vocal description of a battle ( the French equivalents of tarantara , rum-tum-tum , and boom-boom-boom are very picturesque ) is lots of fun , and the singers get a sense of grace and shape into other chansons by Jannequin and Lassus . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was no cash around ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The low cost and ease of fabrication of the dies for three-dimensional foam cutting plus the wide variety of shapes , dimensions , and contours that can be tailor-made to customer requirements has made the technique useful for producing case liners , materials handling containers , packaging and cushioning devices , and such novelties as soap dishes , toys , head rests , arch supports , and gas pedal covers . (Filtered Words: 0)
I just can't take any chances on getting her pregnant , and if we were sleeping together '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Any attempt to reconcile this statement of the central issue in the campaign of 1956 with the nature of the man who could not conceive it as the central issue will at least resolve our confusions about the chaotic and misleading results of the earnestness of both doctors and President in a situation which should never have arisen . (Filtered Words: 0)
It also permits Fromm to do some dubious things with empirical findings . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you mean to tell us '' , a reporter asked , `` that the King has twenty-one children , twenty-five of whom are sons '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , for the present , great caution should be exercised in the choice of an experimental animal for pulmonary studies if they are to be applied to man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Draw a line across the country at the latitude of lower Pennsylvania . (Filtered Words: 0)
The appointment was made in a move to expand the engineering services offered to the designers of electronic systems through assistance in electro-magnetic compatability problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the period , the laboratory rendered centralized macropathological service to qualified requesters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The old woman arose stiffly and led me to a clearing where a small hut stood . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] leaned from the saddle and gave him a mighty whack on the back . (Filtered Words: 1)
) Scientific systems , and this includes even the relation of mechanist to relativist physics , are built upon , refined and corrected . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She told me he was in Germany '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the house is not wired adequately for electricity or if plumbing or a central heating system must be installed , check into the cost of making these improvements . (Filtered Words: 0)
The amount paid by the oil company to Tri-State for the use of its oil distribution system and the privilege of supplying all the homes , is subject to negotiation but naturally must be profitable to both parties . (Filtered Words: 0)
A plan must therefore be brought up to date periodically , possibly with the assistance of a permanent planning officer . (Filtered Words: 0)
All the time in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] named the capes [FILTERED] and Wolstenholme , for two of his backers . (Filtered Words: 2)
Status-roles . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've lost faith , Styka . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carpenters all wanted steady work and at the moment every mother's son for twenty miles around that could hammer nails for twenty-five dollars a day was working on the school job . (Filtered Words: 0)
Democrat [FILTERED] , Chairman of the House Military Affairs Committee , declined to introduce the bill . (Filtered Words: 1)
This theory makes it possible for any event throughout eternity to be continuously available at any moment to consciousness . (Filtered Words: 0)
It ranged from those with no children , through students in various stages of pregnancy , to one 44-year-old male with four children , three of whom were teenagers . (Filtered Words: 0)
If our national interest lies in being able to fight and win a war rather than committing national suicide , then we must take a much more penetrating look at ballistic missiles . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the important aspects of this study was to determine the oxygen transfer relationships of the mechanical aerator . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only other regions so blessed are the British Isles , western Europe , eastern China , southern Chile and parts of Japan , New Zealand and Tasmania . (Filtered Words: 0)
A student orator `` produced tears from a great number of the learned '' even before the punch was served . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the contrary , the frenzy and furor of combat is only the sombre foil against which the sudden illuminations of the human flash forth with the piercing radiance of a Caravaggio . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , `` Please '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The ceiling stayed solid above them at about eight hundred feet , and at times the sheer cliffs seemed about to close in . (Filtered Words: 0)
At Hilo large numbers of people ran out to inspect the amazing spectacle of the denuded beach . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , in many cases , a variety of concrete social resources -- homemaker , day care , medical and financial aid -- must be reasonably available for the reality support needed to bolster the family in its individual and collective coping and integrative efforts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Characteristics of defense sales activities ( Part B of the questionnaire ) 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The columns of the Parthenon are fluted [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Almost everybody in the senior class is married '' , students say dogmatically . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did more than that . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a marked contrast in the amount of information on bride and groom . (Filtered Words: 0)
The division is not between those who wish to preserve what they have and those who want change . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wander past the three superb Columns of Apollo by the arches of the theatre . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the purposes of this discussion , the problem of relative prices is encompassed in these two variables , since GNP includes other prices . (Filtered Words: 0)
The opening paragraph of the chapter titled The Theory Of Representative Perception , in the book Philosophies Of Science by [FILTERED] says , `` passed on to the brain , and there , by some unexplained process , it causes the mind to have a perception '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
she chose it . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
In London Lewis took the usual suite in Bury Street . (Filtered Words: 0)
When our eyes met the air was filled with an unuttered message of `` Me , too '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where this approach becomes critical , the industry can be expected to put much emphasis on this as evidence of its sincerity in `` resisting '' the wage pressures of a powerful union , requesting tariff relief after it has `` reluctantly '' acceded to the union pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course I enjoyed 'most anything if I did it with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
His worries harried him up out of bed , and he lighted a cigarette and went to the window . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cutting ( or shearing ) removal process has been previously described . (Filtered Words: 0)
From an estimated mass of 25 g for a zero-magnitude meteorite , the other masses are derived with the assumption of a mass decrease by a factor of 2.512 for each unit increase in magnitude . (Filtered Words: 0)
The knowledge kept him from analyzing his scheme to death , and took him through the last hours of that night in a peace of exalted fanaticism . (Filtered Words: 0)
He threw his head back , closed his eyes , and belched ferociously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Likewise the ivory Chinese female figure known as a `` doctor lady '' ( provenance Honan ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was a thoroughly honest and competent administrator . (Filtered Words: 1)
On May 15 , a very large increase occurred with Af of mass between Af and Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He replenished the dipper and handed it to his young wife riding the hurricane deck . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each member would get one post for each 10,000,000 people in its population up to 150,000,000 people or a maximum of fifteen posts . (Filtered Words: 0)
In order to further refine the management of passenger vehicles , on July 1 , 1958 , the actual title to every vehicle was transferred , by Executive Order , to the Division of Methods , Research and Office Services . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet this utterly individual historical person must also contain within himself the common history of mankind . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was all true . (Filtered Words: 0)
; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and they censured parents who `` never disciplined and were too permissive '' or who `` never explained how easy it was to get pregnant '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the drawing-room shutters was partly open and he made out the shapes of chairs and sofas , which seemed to be upholstered in brown or russet velvet . (Filtered Words: 0)
it removes forever from the tax rolls property which should be taxed to pay for the city services . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of these days , I'm going to organize a gigantic exhibition that will span everything that's being painted these days , from extreme abstract expressionism to extreme photorealism , and then you'll be able to see at a glance how much artists have in common with each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reports Dr. [FILTERED] : `` A fairly common experience for us is the wife who finds her husband staying out more and more . (Filtered Words: 1)
The `` overseas '' democracies have generally encouraged the European unification movement without seriously considering the wisdom of their own full participation in a broader Atlantic community . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the doctrine of original sin is compounded of injustice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Corollary . (Filtered Words: 0)
) And then there were ecclesiastical matters , the matter of [FILTERED]'s anti-clericalism . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'm going back to school '' , she answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
There results a study of literature freed from the tyranny of the contemporary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Demand for parts for home entertainment was strong in the first half , but purchases were cut back to lower levels during the fall as set manufacturers reduced their own operating rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Phenothiazine . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As many as received Him ( Jesus ) , to them gave He power to become the sons of God , even to them that believe on his name '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ambiguities suggested above stem from a more basic difficulty in Fromm's style of thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
On May 19 , a deputy sheriff's posse of eight men left Maxwell City and rode thirty-five miles up the [FILTERED] where they were joined by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Today the recreational boating scene is awash with heartening statistics which prove the enormous growth of that sport . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the central contest , that for Mayor , they may have found some pertinent points in what each faction has said about the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Going to State '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The human ego being what it is '' , I put in , `` science fiction has always assumed that the creatures on the planets of a thousand larger solar systems than ours must look like gigantic tube-nosed fruit bats . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar's rags I strove to see The inner man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course those who have developed more will find them easier . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have taught him a lesson '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , the recruits will have to undergo arduous schooling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such vital information , he said , has to be made available to the public frequently and at regular intervals for residents to know . (Filtered Words: 0)
The chimney of the hut across from him was surmounted by a beef barrel with ends knocked out . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What brings you here again , Colonel [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The realm of science , whatever the degree of precision in formulations , covers the range of prediction and explanation . (Filtered Words: 0)
They serve to contradict a popular notion that the [FILTERED] merely repeats , as accurately as possible , the techniques of acting the classics that prevailed in the 17th century . (Filtered Words: 1)
He considered opening a can of beer but vetoed that idea too . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may allay our passions and so restore the rule of reason . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is especially in evidence among the present generation of the suburban middle class . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drunk or sober she was the most attractive woman in the world for me . (Filtered Words: 0)
This will be a problem in areas of heavy snowfall . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He has married me with a ring of bright water '' , begins the Kathleen Raine poem from which Maxwell takes his title , and it is this mystic bond between the human and natural world that the author conveys . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having ( through my unflagging effort and devotion ) achieved stardom , a fortune and a world-renowned wife at an age when most young men are casting their first vote , [FILTERED] proceeded to neglect them all . (Filtered Words: 1)
Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Potemkin's Army of Ekaterinoslav , totaling , it was claimed , 40,000 regular troops and 6,000 irregulars of the Cossack Corps , had invested Islam's principal stronghold on the north shore of the Black Sea , the fortress town of Oczakov , and was preparing to test the Turk by land and sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
She's not plump . (Filtered Words: 0)
They don't , Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In this respect , public education in the large cities differs from education in the smaller cities and consolidated school districts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cady stuck his jaw out . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just for a couple of weeks , till Myra finds a place for them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These have an upper-middle-class leadership and a middle-class membership , with rare exceptions , where working-class parents are active in local P.-T.A. matters . (Filtered Words: 0)
But all of this was rationalization . (Filtered Words: 0)
Idje still stared over our shoulders at the horizon . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] fixed us each another drink , and said , `` For God's sake , tell me something truly amusing '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He turned unsmilingly to Rachel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here was [FILTERED]'s chance to indulge in something at which he was supreme . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The supplier delivers at his convenience in transport loads , so as to maintain two-to-three weeks reserve supply against weather contingencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it became obvious that he could stay inside no longer , taking a thousand to one chance [FILTERED] rushed outside , square against the muzzle of a Winchester . (Filtered Words: 1)
The data are presented in text and tables in bound volumes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wildly bucking horses would make the position difficult to defend against charging warriors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Problems of taxing personal property . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he had found all of the thickets and points of cover deserted . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a dancer does well , she provokes a quiet bombardment of dollar bills -- although the Manhattan clubs prohibit the more cosmopolitan practice of slipping the tips into the dancers' costumes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twice a month the editorial staff meets in New York for an early supper , then a long evening of idea-exchange . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , he cites the following data from two studies on job satisfaction : in the first study , 85 per cent of professionals and executives , 64 per cent of white collar people , and 41 per cent of factory workers expressed satisfaction with their jobs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and in Brussels , street crowds shouted , `` Pas une goutte de sang ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Southern China , all of southeast Asia , southern India and Ceylon , these states of the Malay Federation spoke Bazaar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Greg climbed into the cockpit feeling as if he had never been in one before . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] was held on $20,000 bond in Phoenix . (Filtered Words: 1)
but the airfield , on which the aircraft is completely dependent , is doomed by the missile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drain off the soap solution of the suds cycle at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of soap and water at the end of the time shown in Column A of Table 2 , , measured from the time the wash wheel was started . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] symbolized so much that was unpleasant -- Tolley , the indifference with which the Fairbrothers and indeed the whole neighborhood now treated her and which she would die rather than acknowledge to her husband , his lack of understanding and sympathy in her present condition , her disgusting swollen stomach . (Filtered Words: 1)
Physical plant and equipment can be efficiently developed . (Filtered Words: 0)
I grew uneasy . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the case of taxpaying corporate stockholders , the measure would be the lesser of the fair market value of the shares or Du Pont's tax basis for them , which is approximately $2.09 per share . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The false reasoning is that a gradual advance prolongs the pain while a swift powerful act gets it over with and leaves the girl pleased with his virility and grateful for his decisiveness in settling the problem once and for all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simple hole drilling operations (Filtered Words: 0)
Although it looked like a routine technical snapback to Wall Streeters it was accompanied by some good news . (Filtered Words: 0)
One item in this unhappy scheme was to have Germany policed exclusively by its continental neighbors , among whom only the Soviet Union possessed real military strength . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under normal circumstances [FILTERED] was a little fussy when people told him what to do with pictures he had taken . (Filtered Words: 1)
) 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing can show more than this the immensity of the danger to democratic peoples that lies in even relatively slight deviation from their true concept of sovereignty . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right , I'll come clean . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this gives rise to an easy camaraderie probably unequaled elsewhere in the Ivy League . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly Poet stopped struggling and the two of them hung suspended in the water , not rising , not sinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
With increasing advance of the knife into the coating the shear plane extends to the coatings surface and the shear angle rapidly decreases . (Filtered Words: 0)
It went to his head , and his ambition increased . (Filtered Words: 0)
So don't see yourself as a heroine or fancy this little adventure is an event of major importance '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In [FILTERED] , the City of Silkworms , the Prime Minister bought fried chickens and fried cicadas , and two notebooks for me . (Filtered Words: 1)
The NLRB said that of 11 potentially eligible voters eight voted against the union , two voted for it , and one vote was challenged . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That critter will be back tomorrow '' , predicted [FILTERED] , `` and he'll bring fifty of his kind back with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Out of long experience I have found that incidental figures and other objects like trees , logs , and bushes can be traced from the original sketch and moved about in the major areas on the final sheet until they occupy the right position , which I call clicking . (Filtered Words: 0)
At once the whole band set off at a lope . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one asks questions about the free union of the sexes in West Venice so long as the partners share the negative attitudes of the group . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the eastern section of the state the newspapers' reaction to [FILTERED]'s trial and sentence were basically identical . (Filtered Words: 1)
Biological agents are , moreover , suitable for delivery through enemy sabotage which imposes many problems in defense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Basically , this means that simpler processing equipment ( the mixture has good flowing characteristics ) and less external heat ( the foaming reaction is exothermic and develops internal heat ) are required in one-shot foaming , although , at the same time , the problems of controlling the conditions of one-shot foaming are critical ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
and others in Buffalo , New York , Chautauqua , New Haven , Rochester , Rockport , and most recently , the $300 prize for a watercolor at the Laguna Beach Art Association , (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Signal '' is choreographed for three male dancers to an electronic score by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The key word in my plays is ' perhaps ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Basin Street Beat (Filtered Words: 0)
In [FILTERED]'s mind there is an irresolvable conflict between the poet and the philosopher , because the poet imitates only particular objects and is incapable of rising to the first level of abstraction , much less the highest level of ideal forms . (Filtered Words: 1)
This sporadic type of planetary radiation is discussed by [FILTERED] ( chap. 13 ) and Gallet ( chap. 14 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
final conclusions will have to await the measurements of broods from definite localities . (Filtered Words: 0)
More likely , you simply told yourself , as you handed us the book , that it mattered little what we incanted providing we underwent the discipline of incantation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
At meter wave lengths an increase of the order of 10-degrees in the average disk temperatures of the nearer planets would be expected . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another case involves a newspaper reporter who tripped up a politician . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , an initial perusal and comparison of some of the famous passages with the same parts of other versions seems to speak well of the efforts of the British Biblical scholars . (Filtered Words: 0)
But then , redheads are often pale . (Filtered Words: 0)
just listening to him made me feel intelligent . (Filtered Words: 0)
He peered at his wristwatch . (Filtered Words: 0)
And lots of hot pads ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I hate to leave my garden '' , Gavin said . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are in themselves neutral , and , so far as they get a moral quality , they get it only through being invested with it by the attitude of the onlooker . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gave the Juniors the use of the entire ring at the show -- a great advantage to them ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This is no criticism of them , as they obviously cannot get a half-hour program into a fifteen-minute news summary . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was the oldest and most influential paper in Cuba , with a reputation for speaking out against tyranny . (Filtered Words: 1)
Just glad the rain's stopped '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
With that act of Parliament the opponents of the stage won the day , and for more than two decades after that England had no legitimate public drama . (Filtered Words: 0)
Planes made her feel faint , and in Tokyo , where she had gone that summer , she had been given raw fish for breakfast and so she had come straight home . (Filtered Words: 0)
this issue that you are reading marks my 15th anniversary . (Filtered Words: 0)
From this , motor pool personnel develop other meaningful and related data . (Filtered Words: 0)
This arrangement had the purpose to prevent heated gas to reach the thermocouple by natural convection . (Filtered Words: 0)
While he was handling the multi-million-dollar funding operations of the Government he had to resort to borrowing small sums from friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Poor Cousin Elec '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fruit is then cooled to 42-degrees-F. , a temperature at which it lapses into a sort of dormant state . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since an objective viewer might well conclude that this is not a situation that would often arise , the film's extensive discussion of the problem seems , at best , superfluous . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is an area nearly as large as Western Europe ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Harbor Point sticks out into the ocean like the fat neck of a steamer clam . (Filtered Words: 0)
A letter awaited her at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
If , the editors sometimes , dozed and printed pretentious , New , York-mind , dross , they , also printed , [FILTERED] , , Silone , , Chiaromonte , , Gide , [FILTERED] , , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , , and a host of , other good writers . (Filtered Words: 9)
With these factors included , an upper limit is placed on the allowable loop gain by stability considerations . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm going down again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a means of silencing a discussion which ought to have taken place , the statement is an effective one : we sympathize with the universal confusion which gives rise to such convictions . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a keening of wind , and a cracking of the frozen ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] the younger , a schoolboy of eleven , wrote a letter in Latin asking his father to buy copybooks ( `` chartaceos libellos ) '' ) for him and his brother . (Filtered Words: 1)
With that possibility in mind , Arkansas' [FILTERED] deliberately delayed calling a meeting of the Committee on Committees , and coolheaded Democrats sought to bring [FILTERED] and Smith together again to work out some sort of face-saving compromise . (Filtered Words: 2)
Invite class members to share in an extra period of Bible study each week . (Filtered Words: 0)
He closes his `` letter '' by demanding that Dunkirk be demolished , that the Pretender be forced to move farther away from the coast of England , and that the Queen and the House of Hanover come to a better understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then simmer fifteen minutes longer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic mapping (Filtered Words: 0)
If the first item in the operand is omitted , the symbolic name IOCSIXF will be assigned . (Filtered Words: 0)
On impulse , he flipped up the heat control on his coverall and slid back the hatch of the bubble . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 7 carbons of PABA are incorporated directly into metabolite 2 ( ( as shown with both ring-labeled and carboxy-labeled Af ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few of his examples are of very great interest , and the whole discussion of some importance for theory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stranger , [FILTERED] began riding home nights with a jug strapped to his saddle , drunkenly singing `` Old Dan Tucker '' at the top of his voice . (Filtered Words: 1)
It says that `` in the event Congress does provide this increase in federal funds '' , the State Board of Education should be directed to `` give priority '' to teacher pay raises . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Queen Mary has long been a symbol of speed , luxury , and impeccable British service on the high seas . (Filtered Words: 0)
A blower may be installed to increase comfort . (Filtered Words: 0)
In early June ten million young men registered by name and number . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's wrong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he suffered him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor would he work at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boundless blue air was stretched over the zenith like the skin of a drum . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frog-marched off the airplane at 1:48 p.m. , the Beardens were held in bail of $100,000 each on charges of kidnapping and transporting a stolen plane across state lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
The highly important Dyer patents on the sliding gear transmission were held by the A.L.A.M. pool . (Filtered Words: 0)
This will mean that every time there's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
She studied it for a long time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the Pennsylvania militia skirmished with the British , but soon fled . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then the station wagon and the Ford would seek him out again . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the United States , where half of the world crop is grown , soybeans are processed for their edible oil . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude . (Filtered Words: 0)
Barco , his state of apprehension gone , never to return , had assumed a matter-of-factness which remained his principal attitude from that time on . (Filtered Words: 0)
One Federal soldier wrote : `` the docters is no aconte -- hell will be filde with do(c)ters and offersey when this war is over '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now that this is at odds with our meaning may be shown as follows . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ballet flowered in Italy during the next hundred years , and about 1550 was carried to France when the Italian princess , [FILTERED] , married the King of France . (Filtered Words: 1)
This manifestation may be an early sign of multiple sclerosis or the beginning of sewer's cramp . (Filtered Words: 0)
He retired in 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The three leaders of Laos agreed today to begin negotiations tomorrow on forming a coalition government that would unite the war-ridden kingdom . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was leaning too far over . (Filtered Words: 0)
She turned and began to walk toward the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since they did not glance curiously at us once , I guessed that there was a penalty for distraction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The discovery struck Nick like a blow . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the same sequence is equivalent in meaning to I have instructions which I am to leave , dominant stress is ordinarily on instructions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moral dread is seen as the other face of desire , and here psychoanalysis delivers to the writer a magnificent irony and a moral problem of great complexity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Globocnik built the Death's-Head Corps . (Filtered Words: 0)
I recoil from the very thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was personally sloppy , and when she had colds would blow her nose in the same handkerchief all day and keep it , soaking wet , dangling from her waist , and when she gardened she would eat dinner with dirt on her calves . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was considerable evidence of a tacit rapprochement with [FILTERED] in Cuba , previously a bete noire to Trujillo -- thus illustrating the way in which totalitarianism of the right and left coalesces . (Filtered Words: 1)
But his increasing strength in the West looked menacing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew exactly how to be colorful ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In the life sciences , there has been an enormous increase in our understanding of disease , in the mechanisms of heredity , and in bio- and physiological chemistry . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the finest of artists' oils comes from poppy seeds . (Filtered Words: 0)
For exactly three unpaired electrons the coefficient would be 3.10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
To have refused would have been political suicide . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result of the State Board of Education plan , Negro children entered heretofore white elementary schools in five districts . (Filtered Words: 0)
This nettled the children into the revelation of exact truth , a sacrifice of their secret superiority over grown people , but a victory in the wide fields of perpetration and illegitimate accomplishment . (Filtered Words: 0)
A pronounced ideological diffusion -- i.e. , inability to identify independently with given ideas and value systems -- is reflected in many ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by [FILTERED] and entertained by Henrietta and [FILTERED] , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` As a private institution , supported by generous individuals , Emory University will recognize no obligation and will adopt no policy that would conflict with its purpose to promote excellence in scholarship and Christian education . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before it cycles on again , humidity can build up and make you uncomfortable even though the temperature is still low . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a `` potboiler '' made on a `` shoestring '' and not the sort of film I like , as all I had to do was look blank and scream a great deal . (Filtered Words: 0)
External aid can be effective only if it is a complement to self-help . (Filtered Words: 0)
But questions with which committee members taunted bankers appearing as witnesses left little doubt that they will recommend passage of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
This does not mean that mythological language as such can no longer be used in theology and preaching . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is one thing I know ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The beneficiaries of this administration were a number of huge cartels in which both individuals and the Belgian government itself held stock . (Filtered Words: 0)
A . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe he should have kept in touch . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up . (Filtered Words: 1)
The outside surface of the solid units shall be of an exterior grade of panel board such as plywood , plastic coated panel board , high density particle board , asbestos-cement board , or any other product locally obtainable upon recommendation of your building supply dealer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout the nineteenth century Christianity exerted its influence on American society as a whole primarily through the Protestantism of the older stock . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I want Captain [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Eighteenth-century England , upon whose customs our common law was built , had outlawed unions as monopolies and conspiracies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only one other contemporary of More's evokes so immediate and direct a response , and only one other contemporary work -- [FILTERED] and The Prince . (Filtered Words: 1)
This way of escape is theoretically possible , but since it has grave difficulties of its own and has not , so far as I know , been urged by positivists , it is perhaps best not to spend time over it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its president is [FILTERED] , partner in the law firm of Timen & Waters , 540-K Chrysler Bldg. , New York City . (Filtered Words: 1)
Salt and pepper each breast . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nigger boy was close behind him . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the early part of this century , the Brown & Sharpe works in Providence were unchallenged as the largest single manufacturing facility devoted exclusively to precision machinery and tool manufacture anywhere in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And besides , [FILTERED] was one of the Chicago professors '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
the worn teddy bear , a tiny suitcase that [FILTERED] carried , and the clothes she wore , were all she had . (Filtered Words: 1)
Consider him seriously , therefore ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then there were the distinguished foreign volunteers . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The preceding observations make it clear that there exist line involutions of all orders greater than 1 with no complex of invariant lines and with a complex of singular lines consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] would tilt his hat over one ear as he lounged with his feet on the dashboard , indulging in a huge cigar . (Filtered Words: 1)
Start of tour (Filtered Words: 0)
The word hissed distinctly from Poet's lips as he struggled to his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were no tracks of either hoofs or boots . (Filtered Words: 0)
For arm and shoulder strength a chinning bar is recommended . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's bigger than the Armistice '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was hired and was found to be entirely satisfactory when she played the role eight hours a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Circuit Judge [FILTERED] did not set a date for sentencing . (Filtered Words: 1)
The house has been swept so clean that contemporary man has been left with no means , or at best with wholly inadequate means , for dealing with his experience of spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
At a siding , another train which was a familiar sight these days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others look to more objective devices of order . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
In what's a linguist ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Louisiana city is known , of course , for its fine food , good music and its colorful hospitality `` and , when guests arrive at Philmont that night '' , says Mrs. [FILTERED] , `` that is exactly what we expect to offer them . (Filtered Words: 1)
the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cady looked at his own son's scholastic record with pride . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] , seeming with effort to shake himself from lethargy , spoke . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Summary Report , which was prepared for this Conference , indicates , first , that actual or pending school desegregation is increasing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't afford to have anyone mess around with them , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a few exceptions , the lawmakers seemed unaware of the technical problems of federal jurisdiction involved -- to say nothing of the delegation of lawmaking power to judges . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Fairmount Park Commission will no doubt approve my two proposals , because it is responsible for the change of ideological atmosphere in the Square . (Filtered Words: 0)
Begging my pardon , he must express his astonishment over seeing a person of my background applying at the hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]' ruling pertained to eight of the 10 cases . (Filtered Words: 1)
Bingles and bobbles : (Filtered Words: 0)
You wonder if he looks at his wife now and thinks of you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inevitably , Mrs. [FILTERED] died of starvation and tuberculosis , weighing 60 pounds . (Filtered Words: 1)
Apparently the population as a whole eventually acquires enough confidence in the explanations of the scientists to modify its procedures and its fears . (Filtered Words: 0)
For internal political reasons , the union asks for ( and accepts ) increases in the basic wage rate , and would vigorously oppose a reduction in this rate , but the adjustment of the basic wage rate upwards is essentially up to the discretion of the companies of the industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
His voice grew high and trembling . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was holding [FILTERED]'s gun in his left hand . (Filtered Words: 2)
One or two practice runs should be sufficient for solo . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maintaining his clutch on the hair , Matsuo watched the closed eyes while rummaging in the jacket pockets . (Filtered Words: 0)
The $6,100,000,000 measure , which was passed last Monday by the Senate , provides for forty-year mortgages at low down-payments for moderate-income families . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who would suppress dangerous thoughts , credit ideas with high potency . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are used mainly for their oil . (Filtered Words: 0)
He paced to the window and looked at the city he had helped to build . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , if you do , your life will be just one thing -- unhappiness -- complete and unabridged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet if Washington gets too indignant about Soviet fallout , it will have to do a lot of fast footwork if America decides it too must start pushing up the radiation count . (Filtered Words: 0)
Economic information is made available to businessmen and economists promptly through the monthly Survey Of Current Business and its weekly supplement . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sure , [FILTERED] , it'll be all right . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rarer still is a Mr. [FILTERED] or Mr. [FILTERED] of true Herculean build . (Filtered Words: 2)
I could observe the two fans down at the end , but their size in themselves meant nothing to me as long as I had no measure of comparison . (Filtered Words: 0)
Revenue estimated (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , she had a number of them where money was concerned '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Issue no. 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In carrying out his functions under Section 2 of this Act , the Secretary may -- ( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
What I fled from was my fear of what , unwittingly , you might betray , without meaning to , about my father and yourself . (Filtered Words: 0)
She sat down and played two slots at once , looking grim , as if bested by mechanical devices , and [FILTERED] felt sorry for the lay-sisters depending on her support . (Filtered Words: 1)
But if it is important , what can we do to improve ourselves ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Rocco Vecchio -- a perspiring , haggard Vecchio -- was standing there , flanked by two men in the uniforms of armored transport guards . (Filtered Words: 0)
For crucial encounter (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You'll just have to risk it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was aware he was getting overexcited but he couldn't help himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
It would have been like her . (Filtered Words: 0)
A carriage crunched by , its dim lights filtering through the gloom . (Filtered Words: 0)
The United States and Soviet Russia have enough nuclear weapons to destroy all nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
It should not be postponed later than the next day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Syllabification . (Filtered Words: 0)
In I'll go with [FILTERED] dominant stress is probably on [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
In your sales force , will a smaller number of higher-priced , high-quality salesmen serve you best , or can you make out better with a larger number of lower-paid salesmen ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A handier remedy was to bathe the painful part in strong soapy water ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked piously to heaven and said , `` Beer don't affect the tissues none '' , and the ingenious hypocrisy of this defense pleased Henrietta so that she forgave him his stint of malevolence . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'll rush to the bedroom when the doorbell rings . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could not cling to my past nor did I wish to . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were accompanied by [FILTERED] , pianist . (Filtered Words: 1)
Part 2 , , up to the end of 1951 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some day , many years in the future , true spacecraft will be able to find and destroy mobile targets . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to me innocence is far less tangible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everybody returned after intermission for the miscellaneous sweepings of the Fantasy For Piano , Chorus , And [FILTERED] In C Minor , made up by its composer to fill out one of his programs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Most of the fire was directed by [FILTERED] against Dallas and Sen. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Competition from other steamship lines has cut Cunard's share of sea passengers from one-third to one-fourth and this year the line showed a marked drop of profits on the Atlantic run . (Filtered Words: 0)
It doesn't really matter which month of the year you sow them , but they germinate best when they have a wide variation of temperature , very warm followed by cool in the same 24 hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter how well conceived and efficiently run , there probably will be failures . (Filtered Words: 0)
These differences in turn result from the fact that my Yokuts vocabularies were built up of terms selected mainly to insure unambiguity of English meaning between illiterate informants and myself , within a compact and uniform territorial area , but that Hoijer's vocabulary is based on Swadesh's second glottochronological list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] was alive -- and he remembered the pressure of her hand resting lightly on his arm -- she had been the center of his life . (Filtered Words: 1)
Our understanding will very probably require both these commentaries . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Was her name [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Malraux pretends , perhaps with a trifle too self-conscious a modesty , that his fragmentary work will accordingly `` appeal only to the curiosity of bibliophiles '' and `` to connoisseurs of what might have been '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interviews with members of the [FILTERED] population were attempted in order to discover the ranking of the various families in the population . (Filtered Words: 1)
) Mrs. [FILTERED] , wife of the Secretary of Labor , paints professionally and helps sponsor the Associated Artists' Gallery in the District of Columbia . (Filtered Words: 1)
The old nightmare which had caused him so many wakeful hours came charging in on him once more , only this time he couldn't pacify it with a sleeping pill and send it away . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other has his pool far away from the house in a field high on a hill . (Filtered Words: 0)
Belt tension is adjusted by manipulation of two locking bolts and a movable motor mount . (Filtered Words: 0)
he and his prospective producer just read the bestseller lists . (Filtered Words: 0)
The causes of the decline of the commuter railroads are many and complex -- high taxes , losses of revenue to Government subsidized highway and air carriers , to name but two . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why trust [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
How differently Prokofieff's life unfolded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. speaks (Filtered Words: 1)
He got a good fat job and we congratulate him on his good luck . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have been using the word `` public '' in quotation marks , that is , in its vernacular connotation with reference to the odd-lot index theory . (Filtered Words: 0)
as [FILTERED] says to the crowd in his last moments : `` His justice is not of this world '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then , six weeks after the day Kitti first came into the office , Stanley announced he and Kitti were married . (Filtered Words: 0)
For several generations much fiction has appeared dealing with the steprelationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
From an initial investment of $1,200 in 1943 , it has grown , with no additional capital investment , to a present value estimated by some as exceeding $10,000,000 ( we don't disclose financial figures to the public ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not a chance of opening here Nov. 28 -- barring that miracle . (Filtered Words: 0)
He feels , therefore , that to seek a discontinuity in the arms policy of the United States is the least risky path our government can take . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She'll take every one of them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many people use wicker cradles for old red wine , lifting the bottle carefully from the bin into the cradle and eventually to the table , without disturbing the sediment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Antoine's held as mandatory a splash of absinthe or [FILTERED] on the parsley or spinach which was used for the underbedding . (Filtered Words: 1)
The charges of the electron and proton are believed to be exactly equal and opposite , but Dr. [FILTERED] is not so sure . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What reason did she give '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He pulled with all his strength at the heavy , brass-bound door , and shuffled along the wainscoted wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miguel and [FILTERED] remained on the veranda to keep [FILTERED] from interfering . (Filtered Words: 2)
-- `` Consumer uncertain about economic conditions '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Improvements (Filtered Words: 0)
As it affects the city's fiscal situation , such an interchange is ruinous ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Each initially contained 1700 ml of buffer ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` About an hour , eh ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked at him , lips compressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
For eleven days they'd done the same thing , leaving the cottage quietly before breakfast , before Esperanza Beach got jammed with tourists and beach balls and show-offy lifeguards . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is our health -- more precious than all the money in the world -- that these modern witch doctors with their fake therapeutic gadgets are gambling away . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a secret . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I imagine you're always battling in school '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
How much of an accident could that be '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
When the smaller facet-planes of Analytical Cubism were placed upon or juxtaposed with the large , dense shapes formed by the affixed materials of the collage , they had to coalesce -- become `` synthesized '' -- into larger planar shapes themselves simply in order to maintain the integrity of the picture plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
She took another bite of toast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet if he were not there , they would have missed him , as they would have missed the sounds of bees buzzing against the screen door in early June ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is reasonably economical for the state to have drivers garage state cars at their homes . (Filtered Words: 0)
What targets have we successfully knocked out ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
but when the bird is found at last , it turns out to be a fake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , you avoid headaches when an employee wants off for his fourth cousin's funeral . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bride was given in marriage by her father . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost the first step in the corruption of Pip's values is the unworthy shame he feels when Estella cruelly remarks the coarseness of his hands : `` They had never troubled me before , but they troubled me now , as vulgar appendages '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nursing home care (Filtered Words: 0)
In recent months , much attention has been given to the probable extent of the current downtrend in business and economists are somewhat divided as to the outlook for the near future . (Filtered Words: 0)
When you start the outdoor performance , you can stay outdoors without a dozen running trips into the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where exactly would we go after the movie ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Maritime provinces farther east , the tones are a little quieter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now come , [FILTERED] , we must go quickly . (Filtered Words: 1)
The cast : (Filtered Words: 0)
She sat down and played two slots at once , looking grim , as if bested by mechanical devices , and [FILTERED] felt sorry for the lay-sisters depending on her support . (Filtered Words: 1)
Survivors are his widow , Alice ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One old man told me that when he was a boy he was kicked in the head by a fractious mule and had his scalp laid back from the entire front of his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I thought I'd smooth things over through [FILTERED] '' , [FILTERED] said miserably . (Filtered Words: 2)
Also , there are housed here some priceless historical treasures from 400 to 600 years old -- paintings , lacquer , brocade , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
The role of both church and university as sources of information and settings within which the implications of such information may be explored needs consideration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the least alteration will change the quality . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Hearst `` barrel '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Various methods of pulsing , scanning , and displaying these sound waves are used to detect submarines , map ocean floors , and even communicate under water . (Filtered Words: 0)
under me the ground quivered slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
8 (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have sat many hours with this , Styka . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was something of an understatement in a week when the underlying conflict between the West and Communism erupted on three fronts . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hoa-whup '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The spokes were tight again , the iron tires gripped onto the wheels as if of one piece . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we look at the situation this way , we can get an idea of Khrushchev's nightmarish worries -- or , at least , of the worries he might have if his enemies were disposed to exploit their advantage . (Filtered Words: 0)
and a night operator was also employed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather the monthly total consumption was divided and charged on the basis of number of rooms and persons in the family . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few minutes later I saw my [FILTERED]'s car drive up and a woman's figure emerge and walk to the corner . (Filtered Words: 1)
He drove sensual patterns off , carefully shaving his long upper lip . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't urge your builder to give you a little extra cooling capacity just to be sure you have enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
It might be called the `` public utility '' type because of the considerable use to which it has been put in gas and electric utility rate cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it seemed not from what they were saying . (Filtered Words: 0)
The vision became even stronger now . (Filtered Words: 0)
A study of major denominational membership statistics over a twenty-year period revealed the appalling fact that nearly 40 per cent of those who joined the Church were lost to the Church within seven years . (Filtered Words: 0)
I never dreamed of the logistical difficulties involved until , at long last , both of my boys got squeezed into high school . (Filtered Words: 0)
Score side edges of base ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I say chantey . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was eleven and we had done many things together . (Filtered Words: 0)
For Blanche , Kitti's death was a source of guilty , but nonetheless soaring , happy hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
The facsiport rolled open on the landscape . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to the cattlemen who had been facing bankruptcy from rustling losses and to the cowboys who had been faced with lay-offs a few years earlier , he was becoming a vastly different type of legendary figure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us look in on one of these nerve centers -- SAC at Omaha -- and see what must still happen before a wing of B-52 bombers could drop their Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frankfurter twists (Filtered Words: 0)
This is used as a reference for comparing the ohmic heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it is easy for the ecumenical enthusiast to lose sight of how basic all this is . (Filtered Words: 0)
These will be drilled and tapped later on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , who has recently abandoned authorship for a new round of diplomacy as the recently appointed American ambassador to Yugoslavia , is not the only man who finds it easier to portray the past than to prescribe for the future . (Filtered Words: 1)
The company incurred some $10 million of expenses attributable to four factors : advertising to attract new employees , hiring and training them , extra overtime , and defective work performed by the new workers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] entertained at a luncheon at her home , on Monday . (Filtered Words: 1)
The style of life chosen by the beat generation , the rhythm and ritual they have adopted as uniquely their own , is designed to enhance the value of the sexual experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before the dust has settled or the blood congealed , editorials , speeches , and civil-rights commissions are loud in the land , demanding to know what happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the meantime he was pleased with the warm night and the still more pleasing company of his water brother . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most Romans , even some postmen , know it by the old name . (Filtered Words: 0)
if he instructs them in how to evaluate a work , he is helping them to achieve their own identity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Walnut , wormy chestnut , pecan , three varieties of burl , hand-woven Philippine cane , ceramic tiles , marble are used to emphasize the feeling of texture and of permanence , the furniture to fit into rooms with tiled floors , brick or paneled walls , windows that bring in the outdoors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , the exchange would not be expected to be sensitive to trace amounts of impurities because it would not be apt to be a chain reaction since the activation energy for abstraction of chlorine by a chlorine atom would be expected to be too high ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost inevitably , the first result of this technological revolution was a reaction against the methods and in many cases the conclusions of the Oxford school of Stubbs , [FILTERED] and ( particularly ) Green regarding the nature of the Anglo-Saxon conquest of Britain . (Filtered Words: 1)
( See Chapter 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But you should understand , [FILTERED] , that Hesperus and [FILTERED] are not long out of the nursery . (Filtered Words: 2)
acquire the services of chemists , physicists , engineers , and other personnel by contract or otherwise ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
went into the forward stateroom and locked the door behind him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was too late to worry about that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feverishly , he tried to brush away this intuition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alas , to Ann's consternation , his language while thus employed left much to be desired . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] group of 85 arrived at the Gallery at 6 p.m. , remaining for about 45 minutes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now times have changed , and I must pretend that hair doesn't grow on my face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Severe headaches were frequent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Weld contributed to the anti-slavery convictions of such men as [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , enlisted [FILTERED] , and helped provide ideas which underlay [FILTERED] Uncle [FILTERED]'s [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 6)
They kept drifting apart and merging again in his mind like some minute form of life on a microscope slide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Print it in real big letters , an' I can cipher it out later '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wouldn't be taking a cold shower . (Filtered Words: 0)
For just an instant he thought of appealing to them for help . (Filtered Words: 0)
In doing so [FILTERED] and Byrnes were `` asking for the ratification of a grim lesson in the facts of international life '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
One Monday morning I saw him approach the store with a woman and introduce me to her as my new Aunt . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is chairman of the men's committee that , among other jobs , takes over part of the responsibility for staffing the shop during its evening hours . (Filtered Words: 1)
Senior staff engineer ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
To a stranger their delight in these things may seem paradoxical , for Persians chase the golden calf as much as any people . (Filtered Words: 0)
In series 1 , the relative light intensity was varied by varying the distance of the lamp from the reaction cell over the range from 14.7 to 29.2 cm. . (Filtered Words: 0)
His unsuccessful strivings to give up drink are represented as religious strivings ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But at the coroner's inquest [FILTERED] told a forthright story . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , who kept reiterating her request that they `` please take a stand '' , said , `` We must have faith in somebody -- on the local level , and it wouldn't be possible for everyone to rush to a school to get their children '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fly cutters can fool you into putting your hand too close to the tool , so if you want to avoid nicked fingers , keep your hands well out of the way . (Filtered Words: 0)
I stared at him for a long time . (Filtered Words: 0)
That bastard Chambers ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If it comes down too hard on the potential dangers of fallout , it will box the President on resuming atmospheric tests . (Filtered Words: 0)
His passion and enthusiasm convey the courage and high adventure of [FILTERED]'s exploits and give the reader a unique sense of participation in the events described . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] `` How-2 '' ( 1954 ) tells of a future when robots have taken over , leaving men nothing to do ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
' we tremble not ' (Filtered Words: 0)
Planning division (Filtered Words: 0)
Straightened out -- They'd had years of making all that money ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We misjudged you '' , he said slowly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Muscle weakness did not improve , and the patient needed first a cane , then crutches . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any event it is a form of borrowing which could be and should be rendered unnecessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of the post-World War 2 , abstract expressionists , apostles of the discipline of spontaneity and hazard , look alike , and do look like accidents . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometime on Saturday evening , August 22nd , while my family and I were dining at the [FILTERED] dell' Orso , in Rome , you jimmied a window of our home in Bucks County , Pennsylvania , and let yourselves into the premises . (Filtered Words: 1)
The affixed elements of collage were extruded , as it were , and cut off from the literal pictorial surface to form a bas-relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
This has saved us from constant requests seven days a week and made us feel less brutal to the young `` less fortunate '' than ours . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had fought from caves , and the marines resorted to burning them out . (Filtered Words: 0)
They left the three-quarters together and finished almost together . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1858 , the partnership began manufacturing the Willcox & Gibbs sewing machine . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man of vaulting ambition , with one eye on the mayorship of Los Angeles , nothing ever escaped him which might possibly lead to personal publicity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The physical facilities at Dunbar are impressive , but more impressive is the attitude of the pupils . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dissect it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Our pin-curl clips and self-locking nuts achieved dominance in just a few years time , despite substantial , well established competition . (Filtered Words: 0)
The impending death of [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , 13 , of [FILTERED] cooked the championship junior dollar dinner . (Filtered Words: 2)
If D denotes the differentiation operator and P is the polynomial Af then V is the null space of the operator p ( , ) , because Af simply says Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thesis refuted (Filtered Words: 0)
and no limitation is in evidence . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She didn't really say '' -- She glanced away at the floor , then swooped gracefully and picked up one of Scotty's slippers . (Filtered Words: 0)
When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : Af (Filtered Words: 0)
The contestants in this economic struggle are the Agricultural Workers Organizing Committee ( AWOC ) of the AFL-CIO and the agricultural employers of the State . (Filtered Words: 0)
A quick touchdown resulted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their having family ties on our plantation & the adjoining one would be a stronger inducement '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without further inquiry , Pike jumped to the conclusion that [FILTERED] was guilty , and , following the honorable route that would eventually lead to the dueling ground , sent a message to [FILTERED] through his friends , demanding that he either confirm or deny his complicity . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- The board of regents of Paris Junior College has named Dr. [FILTERED] of Hays , Kan. as the school's new president . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nevertheless , we wonder at the stand of the A.M.A. on the health problem confronting the aged . (Filtered Words: 0)
11 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
( H ) (Filtered Words: 0)
His present maximum altitude , up against the overcast , gave him the opportunity to exploit his advantages . (Filtered Words: 0)
The common ultimate values , ends and goals fostered by religion are a most important factor . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd rather keep bailing -- or sink '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were all three bent over a shabby riding boot ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] told him what he could do then . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] aims throughout its entire teaching program to represent a point of view and a spirit which will contribute to the moral and religious development of its students . (Filtered Words: 1)
It appears that an Orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an outing sponsored by one of the Jewish service groups because she would not travel on Saturday and , in addition , required kosher food . (Filtered Words: 0)
We enjoyed a paradoxical freedom when we were still too young for school . (Filtered Words: 0)
A number of other nineteenth-century developments contributed to the transmutation of the law of nations into international law ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
February's volume was 1 per cent above January's for the first pickup since last October , although it's still 1.5 per cent off from February 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Peace Corps is not a diplomatic or propaganda venture but a genuine experiment in international partnership . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the fall of 1878 , the `` Popular Telegraph Line '' was established between Manchester and Factory Point by the owners , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
[FILTERED] looked remote yet lovely in black , and everyone held his or her breath . (Filtered Words: 1)
We should encourage the governments to develop their own technical assistance to communities , state and provincial governments , rural communities , and other smaller groups , making certain that no important segment of the economy is neglected . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] saw [FILTERED] staggering forward , a half-filled bottle upraised as if to strike . (Filtered Words: 2)
The number of dictionary forms skipped since the last one matched is also saved . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Commissioners at Boston wrote the victims to see their misdeeds and repent or they should `` look upon them as men prepared for slaughter '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
the combination of the Jewish intellectual tradition and the sensibility needed to be a writer created in my circle the most potent and incredible intellectual-literary ambition I have ever seen or could ever have imagined . (Filtered Words: 0)
They know from their researches into television and the movies that knights in the middle ages had beautiful flowing haircuts like [FILTERED] , and only the villains had beards . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now the school was indeed bereft . (Filtered Words: 0)
She studied him hopefully , yearningly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The frames are glued and screwed to this piece . (Filtered Words: 0)
the atmosphere is that of an attractive private beach club at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drifting here and there . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can unscrew this tube and replace it with a smoothbore insert for use with (Filtered Words: 0)
He had been one of the original Night Riders , one who had escaped the trial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without saying or seeming to say that in portraying the Sartoris and the Compson families [FILTERED]'s chief concern is social criticism , we can say nevertheless that through those families he dramatizes his comment on the planter dynasties as they have existed since the decades before the Civil War . (Filtered Words: 1)
It crept into the open neck of her blouse and slid down her body , seeping into her flesh through all the quivering pores of her skin . (Filtered Words: 0)
I got hold his mouth open '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- A wave of public resentment against corruption in government is rising in Massachusetts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Couldn't I just '' -- His voice trailed off into silence . (Filtered Words: 0)
All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somewhat uneven in interest for an average reader , eight or ten of these are among the finest of their kind in literature . (Filtered Words: 0)
he made it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But this one was . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Third ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
my name is [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Types of loans (Filtered Words: 0)
When someone says , for example , `` They took x-rays to see that there was nothing wrong with me '' , it pays to consider how this statement would normally be made . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] noted that [FILTERED] had later referred to his two interviews with the [FILTERED] group as `` unfortunate experiences '' , and after his second meeting on the sixteenth the Dane refused to attend further hearings without legal counsel . (Filtered Words: 3)
Even as the conviction of truth roared through him , shattering his last hope of safety , he was reaching to release the hand brake , to head up the road for home , doing her bidding . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Our information is that she gave the proceeds of her acts to Jelke '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eugenia sighed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outgoing members , whose four-year terms will expire a week after the April 18 primary election , received carved wooden elephants , complete with ivory tusks , to remember the state committee by . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I do not care if your beliefs take you along a path of religion or a path of labor or a path of activism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most school systems today maintain a system of cumulative records of pupils . (Filtered Words: 0)
She became aware that two Italian workmen , carrying a large azalea pot , were standing before her and wanted her to move so that they could begin arranging a new row of the display . (Filtered Words: 0)
What will be the final symmetry of the good society ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In particular , Governor [FILTERED] has expressed as cogently and clearly as anyone the case for a resumption of atmospheric tests . (Filtered Words: 1)
I would ask , `` Why not do both '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
All his people ask for is no more war . (Filtered Words: 0)
These headquarters engineers , headed by the vice-president -- Engineering , counsel and advise divisional managers and chief engineers on product problems as well as aid with design ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For large letters , e.g. thermoformed of acrylic or butyrate , there are other techniques . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the slope's base coils of concertina stretched out of eye range like a wild tangle of children's hoops , stopped simultaneously , weirdly poised as if awaiting the magic of the child's touch to start them all rolling again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , the outlook could be dark indeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The improvement was most noticeable in the greater consistency among reaction cells prepared as a group on the same manifold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps the public's present attitude toward business stems from the fact that the `` rugged capitalist entrepreneur '' no more exists in America . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is notable that at this time he was writing with admiration of [FILTERED]'s and Poussin's way of filling space . (Filtered Words: 1)
To avoid this contradiction it is necessary that C be composite , with the secant of **zg and a curve of order Af as components . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , every device that can be employed to reduce the number of variables is of the greatest value , and it is one of the attractive features of dynamic programming that room is left for ingenuity in using the special features of the problem to this end . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have only to think of [FILTERED] or the policeman-murderer in [FILTERED] famous story , `` The Hands Of Mr. [FILTERED] '' , to realize that hands often call up ideas of crime and punishment . (Filtered Words: 3)
The colonel grunted , then made a remark which might be construed in either of two ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the first fifteen or twenty minutes it's possible to be more or less interested in window displays , then in people passing by . (Filtered Words: 0)
The breakup of the Holy Roman Empire and the downfall of feudalism led , not more than two centuries ago , to the surge of nationalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
I couldn't invite Viola to our house , for Mother snobbishly refused to receive her . (Filtered Words: 0)
A rabbit punch redoubled him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the complicated process of establishing new communes and reviewing the rudimentary plan left by the French did not even begin until the fall of 1957 , this goal appears somewhat ambitious . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But the third ship came back several years ago and reported '' (Filtered Words: 0)
When the phone rang he answered it . (Filtered Words: 0)
With integration , the effect of a small acceleration ( or small platform tilt angle ) can be seen after a time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wherefore also He ( God ) drove him ( man ) out of Paradise , and removed him far from the tree of life , not because He envied him the tree of life , as some venture to assert , but because He pitied him , ( and did not desire ) that he should continue a sinner for ever , nor that the sin which surrounded him should be immortal , and evil interminable and irremediable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charlayne studied journalism at Detroit's Wayne State University . (Filtered Words: 0)
Previously , FN actions were used for the larger cartridges . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe they will take us '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is there anything a frustrated individual can do about Communism's growing threat on our doorstep and around the world ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The metal strip they had taken off from was coal black against the green jungle around it . (Filtered Words: 0)
a lovely Epiphany party at [FILTERED] , on which sacred occasion Letch stole away with an unknown `` starlet '' , leaving me `` high and dry '' to get home as best I could . (Filtered Words: 1)
Their world , again , was a still simple , traditional age which was only slowly beginning to appreciate the complexity of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rector laughed despite himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he would run to the toilet behind the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- About 30% of the expenditures for the Department of Defense in 1961 are for military personnel costs , including pay for active , reserve , and retired military personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now and then , the President would call for `` Little [FILTERED] , Master of the Hounds '' , which was his nickname for a messenger who had worked in the White House since [FILTERED] administration , and discuss the welfare of some one of the animals . (Filtered Words: 2)
But it was fun those first days , kidding about the trail of garments he left littered across the rug . (Filtered Words: 0)
The very night after her father's funeral she had thought , though never admitted to a soul : Now I can go . (Filtered Words: 0)
Measure straight up from marked row . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I wouldn't have suggested it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just what '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Again stop the machine at the end of the time shown in Column C of Table 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is the son of Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , 5847 SW Nevada Ct. , Portland . (Filtered Words: 2)
Nischwitz fanned six and walked only [FILTERED] in the third inning . (Filtered Words: 1)
Somewhere over there another patrol had need of light . (Filtered Words: 0)
The word `` mimesis '' ( `` imitation '' ) is usually associated with [FILTERED] and Aristotle . (Filtered Words: 1)
For this decision a man must take personal responsibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bern demands that the Lord's Supper be administered here as it used to be , with unleavened bread . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The statements may be highly prejudicial to my client '' , Bellows told the court . (Filtered Words: 0)
Daniel personally led the fight for the measure , which he had watered down considerably since its rejection by two previous Legislatures , in a public hearing before the House Committee on Revenue and Taxation . (Filtered Words: 0)
) and was repealed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the new country the electoral process is considered as a means of resolving fundamental , and sometimes bitter , differences among leaders and also as a source of policy guidance . (Filtered Words: 0)
He reached out to pull the door shut and fasten it with a sliding bolt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both sides agreed that the theater must stand a moral test , but they could not agree on whether the poets were a good or a bad influence . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Poor Cousin Elec '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There is plenty of opportunity for proper education today . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only the heavy bones of the oxen kept them anchored . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each of the five principal posts was to have a director , responsible to a director-general at New Orleans . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not even Varnessa ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In proportion to the degradation of his moral worth , is the increase of his worth to them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am recommending additional acquisitions of the improved version of the B-52 ( the B-52H with the new turbofan engine ) and procurement of the B-58 supersonic medium bomber , together with the supporting refueling tankers in each case . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the suspicious , envenomed eyes of Pile of Clouds . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was caught in a machine . (Filtered Words: 0)
We'll drop Mr. [FILTERED] off in Ardmore '' , Julia said , and for the merest second [FILTERED] was reminded of her father's tone with servants . (Filtered Words: 2)
The entire group of managers explained , in great detail , a number of human relations errors that he made . (Filtered Words: 0)
House throws wild (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What happened , man '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
So Dartmouth is moving closer to the others in the Ivy group . (Filtered Words: 0)
We run a respectable house here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ever since the fourth century a controversy had raged over the person of Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heads instinctively turned in Willis' direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Food treated in this manner and protected from recontamination by aseptic methods of packaging and containment presumably could be stored for long periods without refrigeration . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are on their way here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of the United States , [FILTERED] of Britain , [FILTERED] , France's Foreign Minister , and [FILTERED] , Canada's Minister of External Affairs , concluded , meanwhile , a round of consultations here on future tactics in the conference . (Filtered Words: 4)
As [FILTERED] put it , `` They have separate pieces of the pie , and we have the whole pie . (Filtered Words: 1)
The evaporative cooler had been moved to [FILTERED]'s room , and her door was kept shut ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
they are fields of force exerting a unique influence on the sensibilities and a unique relatedness to one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
Enzymatic action in stored food produces changes which can adversely affect the appearance of food or its palatability . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President's personality would have opened that office to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I do not think that my experience would be typical for Southerners living in the North . (Filtered Words: 0)
How did we get here '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These drugs have no effect on the iodide concentrating mechanism , but they inhibit organification . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a beautiful boy , really , with finely-spun blonde hair and a smooth and still effeminate face , and his eyelashes were long and dark and brushlike , and his eyes were blue . (Filtered Words: 0)
The company which performed the Pulitzer Prize musical here last night and will repeat it twice today is full of bounce , the politicians are in fine voice , the chorines evoke happy memories , and the Little Flower rides to break a lance again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three examples follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could halt a flood of Communist arms and strategic supplies now reaching [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He remembered Gavin's smirk , his own cringing feeling , his impotence . (Filtered Words: 0)
from the founding of the College those responsible for its management have planned to provide its students favorable conditions for personal religious development and to offer opportunities through the curriculum and otherwise for understanding the meaning and importance of religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only hope which the public has for getting good teachers is to pay teachers on the basis of merit rather than tenure . (Filtered Words: 0)
In many cases the revolutionary production has offered no more than sensational effects : the first hearing was fascinating and the second disillusioning as the gap between sound and substance became clearer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fox is all ingratiating smiles when he arrives from New Orleans , accompanied by one wharf rat . (Filtered Words: 0)
That and her death . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did older people work more slowly ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Kodyke had appeared at the mine one day bearing a letter from Kruger . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sheik smiled and murmured : `` That is precisely correct '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The exhibition touches briefly on his sojourn in the Southwest ( `` Koshare in the Dust '' , a vigorous Indian dance , and landscapes suggest the influence of western color on his palette ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
A couple of weeks ago , he scored a monstrous 12 on a par-5 hole . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of them have been assimilated , but sometimes a man in Miyagi or [FILTERED] prefectures is much more hairy than the average Japanese , and occasionally a girl will be strikingly lovely , her coloring warmed and improved by a little of the tawny honey-in-the-sun tint of the invaders from the South . (Filtered Words: 1)
The clapping they made on the concrete interrupted him in the ecstatic pleasure he knew , so that he quickly released his hold on the goat and pretended to be examining its haunches for ticks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prudent Hanover ( Dean Hanover-Precious Hanover ) , 2:30.3-:35.3 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Or perhaps she hears words or sounds : `` There's such a noise of loud machinery '' , or `` I hear a child crying '' , or `` He says we're all here and glad to see you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The resolution , which [FILTERED] tossed into the House hopper Friday , will be formally read Monday . (Filtered Words: 1)
A short time later , [FILTERED] stomped into the dressing room . (Filtered Words: 1)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
They polished the windshield . (Filtered Words: 0)
Knowledge that thousands of school districts are involved and observation that school desegregation has occurred in only a handful in 1959-1960 leads to a conclusion that desegregation-from-court-order is slow . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 1920 presidential election they had that right and many of them did vote for the first time . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may dress it up with any number of accessories or keep it as simple as you choose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , in the most eagerly awaited novel of the season ( his first since The Catcher In The Rye , ) he tells of a college girl in flight from the life around her and the tart but sympathetic help she gets from her 25-year-old brother . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could produce carefully constructed orations , set and formal speeches , artfully and prayerfully made by writing and rewriting with all the aid his tutor and others could provide , and then delivered verbatim from memory . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 , (Filtered Words: 0)
Figurines and simple chapels presage the emergence of sculpture and architecture in Greece ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A high frequency starter was used to start the arc . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wouldn't go back to New York as [FILTERED] suggested ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
At right is a casual style in a crushed unlined white leather . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , though they had been promised immortality if they ate of the tree , they obtained mortality instead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Publication and distribution : (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
This favorable image of America in the minds of Russian men and women is still there despite years of energetic anti-American propaganda '' (Filtered Words: 0)
The man had thrown the left hand over his eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following passage from `` The Hangman's Great Hands '' illustrates the directness of this anger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us suppose that the animal did not in fact fall into the trap and did not suffer at all , but that we mistakenly believe it did , and say as before that its suffering was an evil thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is the Director . (Filtered Words: 1)
The volume of the opening is added to the combustion chamber volume . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seven years later he was asked to become director of the Pittsburgh Symphony . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Russians are all trained as dancers before they start to study gymnastics . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clerk's eyes flickered . (Filtered Words: 0)
It made no sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was beginning to see he was too mad to sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went to the front door and opened it and looked in . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] worries that the Metrecal drinker will never make either the psychological or physiological adjustment to the idea of eating smaller portions of food . (Filtered Words: 1)
such are simply not within his bounded province . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eugenia hated being cold worse than anything , and she was beginning to find the joys of poverty wearing thin . (Filtered Words: 0)
After I would finish playing the songs , he'd just go away without a comment . (Filtered Words: 0)
and he could tell , simply by the feel of it , whether it was made of wood , iron , cloth , rubber , and so on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Denver , Colo. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Roberta glanced up at her husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
Local embodiment of the whole (Filtered Words: 0)
it incorporates an automatic knot-tying device on each spindle , and it will knot a break in the yarn in 10 seconds as well as tie in new bobbins as the running end is exhausted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` After the soil , the kitchen '' , says Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Maggie laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the future , quantitative demand will be greater because of the expansion of the economy , and the qualitative need will be greater still . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was chiefly because of the bluish white autofluorescence from the cells . (Filtered Words: 0)
His coat trimmed in sable , diamond stars of the Orders of Saints Andrew or George agleam , he was often prone to sit sulkily , eye downcast , in a Scheherazade trance . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] moved through all the preparations and services in a state of bewilderment . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` If the day should ever come that foreign invaders swarm ashore along the Gulf Coast '' , the account reads , `` they can count on heavy opposition from a group of commando-trained telephone employees -- all girls . (Filtered Words: 0)
They lived in the same house and it didn't seem to be such a hard thing to do , but the sad realities of Lilly's life and the fact that Meltzer didn't love her never satisfied my wishful thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unless he was stone-blind , the person who'd just left couldn't have missed seeing Hank through the open door of the brightly lighted room . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's typical of Rome that in the midst of this rather poor area you should find such an artistic work in the center of a little square . (Filtered Words: 0)
A note of awe came into his voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was closing and within one more bound would have been able to reach the rear end of the bay , but -- and here [FILTERED] and Loveless and Ulyate were holding breath for all they were worth -- she never quite caught up that last bound . (Filtered Words: 1)
The release , the freedom , involved in loving another is either terribly difficult or else absolutely impossible ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
2 (Filtered Words: 0)
Their cost is not beyond the hopes of the American pocketbook , the range being about $150 to $1,000 , depending on size . (Filtered Words: 0)
a 3-by-6-ft. plastic sign weighs about 120 lb. , compared to 275-300 lb. for neon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Financing emerged as the main obstacle . (Filtered Words: 0)
The book could be The Brothers Karamazov , but it would still have the same jacket illustration . (Filtered Words: 0)
In January , 1958 , the Minister of the Interior announced that an election law was ready to be submitted to the King , the rumors of election dates appeared once again , first for spring of 1958 and later for the summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe in returning favors . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a program of prepayment of health costs with absolute freedom of choice guaranteed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This is where I get my information from '' , he confided . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon completion of the purging step , additional initiator appropriate for the molecular weight of the sample desired is added , and the system is then warmed to the polymerization temperature , at which the reaction is allowed to go to completion . (Filtered Words: 0)
His head cannot contain enough sense to command a regiment , much less a corps . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine nodded vigorously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hub , you stick by the stage door . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kills when he pleases , takes his women where he finds them and always acts as judge , jury and executioner rolled into one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally we got them out of the house , after the boy had run away four times looking for other Nazis , threatening to murder village schoolchildren and bragging that he was to be the next Fuhrer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Discussion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take Vivian . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ice baths , electric shocks , lashings , wild dogs , testicle crushers . (Filtered Words: 0)
With only two aboard , [FILTERED] does better than 27 mph -- and she gives a comfortable ride at this speed even in a three-foot chop . (Filtered Words: 1)
The poems which were addressed to her , while they are far more restrained than those of `` Love In Dian's Lap '' , show no great technical advance over those of the `` Narrow Vessel '' group and are , if anything , somewhat more labored . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 , the operation of the model (Filtered Words: 0)
Drill all No. 50 and counter-drill all except the `` A '' pieces size 43 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A black , snake-like object swayed eerily in front of him , spewing bubbles from its flat cobra head . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you become a Baptist , I will not '' , Ann informed her husband , but sweeping her threat aside Adoniram continued to search for an answer to the personal dilemma in which he found himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
many people go to extreme lengths in decanting , chilling or warming , or banishing without further investigation any bottle with so much as a slightly suspicious cork . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sat beside [FILTERED]'s bed with the others throughout the morning , talking , talking of God's will , while [FILTERED] lay staring angrily at him . (Filtered Words: 2)
they were determined by the points at which Leopold's explorers and gunmen got tired of walking . (Filtered Words: 0)
The few cases of clear favoritism along social-class lines are as likely as not to involve representatives of the working class on the school board who favor some such practice as higher wages for janitors rather than pay increases for teachers , and such issues are not issues of educational policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hollywood (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a fairly modern motel with quite a bit of electrical display in front . (Filtered Words: 0)
I , who until that day before had been Mrs. [FILTERED]'s friend , her equal , was the servant now . (Filtered Words: 1)
She's fat '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED]s took up residence in Brooklyn , and [FILTERED] found a regular job in Wall Street `` misplacing stocks and bonds '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Since interviewing is the basic therapeutic and diagnostic instrument of modern psychiatry , the recording of interviews for playbacks and study has been a boost of Redstone proportions in new research and training . (Filtered Words: 0)
A comprehensive program devoted to the various phases of the development effort attracted 143 interested individuals . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were west of the Sabine , but only God knew where . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arp protested : `` But it is impossible ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But Victoria began yodeling just then and he went home , carrying [FILTERED] in the back of his head , not thinking about her , just knowing she was there , smiling , smelling of peppermints . (Filtered Words: 1)
Alfred , who was a good deal older than [FILTERED] , had treated him like a son , and when [FILTERED] decided to stay in business with [FILTERED] instead of going with Alfred , Alfred looked on the decision as a betrayal . (Filtered Words: 3)
Now reassemble the frame , using Af roundhead steel screws and nuts . (Filtered Words: 0)
In my view , there should be a school which offers significant vocational programs for boys within easy reach of every family in a city . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was trying to get [FILTERED] to say she would cook one if he brought it home . (Filtered Words: 2)
Barney finished the cigarette he had been smoking . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no justification for such misrepresentation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` To give up these notions required a revolution in thought '' , Mr. [FILTERED] said in reminiscing about the abrupt changes in ideas he experienced when he began reading `` Organic Gardening '' And `` Modern Nutrition '' in a search for help with his problems . (Filtered Words: 1)
For all her domineering ways , I can't conceive of her having had a deadly enemy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And one of the best services available to the people who try to raise and can meat , to plant , grow vegetables and put them up . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
It is at precisely such moments that he encounters a couple of undergraduates , faces alight , holding hands and talking happily as they come along , oblivious of him , or throwing him the most fleeting and casual of glances , such as they would give a tethered goat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Diametric opposition must persist as to the future course of prices , if there is to persist a market at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll bribe you with a nice '' -- He was about to say `` double martini '' but thought better of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
These battens are glued and screwed to the frames . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I got [FILTERED] in one of them old box cars down there by the quarry '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Having persisted too long in deliberate ignorance and denial of the forces that threatened her , [FILTERED] was relieved now to admit their potency and to be taking definite steps toward grappling with them . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gun on shoulder , he would march smartly for a few yards , bring his heels together with a click , make a brisk pirouette , skirts flaring , and march back to his point of departure . (Filtered Words: 0)
His death is his alone , yet each man can see his own death in the crucifixion of Jesus . (Filtered Words: 0)
To this effect I had already severed all connections which bound me to my former existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
so that a line running down the length of the South marking the upper limits of tidewater would roughly divide the Old South from the new , but with , of course , important minority enclaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
You have just given me permission to leave France , which I did . (Filtered Words: 0)
He might have been hoping , to all appearances , that this relatively sunny symphony , in conjunction with the Choral Fantasy at the end of the program , could amount to something like the Ninth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Gross shot another look at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Their eyes turned cold and accusing , even Via's . (Filtered Words: 0)
He expected Democrats to do their duty when it had been patiently pointed out to them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was in his early forties , rather short and very compactly built , and with a manner that was reserved and stiff despite his efforts to adapt himself to American ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dramatic construction of his stories characteristically turns on a situation in which someone is simultaneously compelled and forbidden to love . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two men were on duty inside , playing pinochle , relaxed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Perhaps not in so many words '' , the German said . (Filtered Words: 0)
As such , one cannot fully understand the thought of the pre-Han and Han periods without knowing the meanings inherent in [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Any organism that falters or misperceives the signals or weakens is done . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Both [FILTERED] and Fosdick knew that a substitute was necessary , that a verboten approach was not the real answer . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Why don't you walk to school then '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Next to him was a young boy I was sure had sat near me at one of the trading sessions . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , `` How about it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His views , in fact , coincide with those of foreign enemies of peaceful coexistence , who look upon it merely as a variant of the `` cold war '' or of an `` armed peace '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maggie had shaken himself awake and was licking the sand off his stubby whiskers and his long plume of a tail . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's your decision '' , said [FILTERED] , holding her face very still , trying to contain the bitterness of her voice as she enunciated her words too distinctly . (Filtered Words: 1)
The name inside the envelope was `` [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Issue no. 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd like to see you dance nude '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contrast trim provides other touches of color . (Filtered Words: 0)
Provide a name card for each new member . (Filtered Words: 0)
That should do it , he thought , because [FILTERED] had said she was going to be strict about school work . (Filtered Words: 1)
For a while his work was influenced deeply by the French impressionists , and by the patterned , mosaic-like paintings of [FILTERED] , then the dean of Austrian art . (Filtered Words: 1)
He side-stepped her blow and she fell , stumbling against the gelding . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or at least appear to reject it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The outboard engine of today has a phenomenal range of one to 80 horsepower , unheard of a few years ago for a two cycle engine in quantity production . (Filtered Words: 0)
As long as the bar prefers to adduce evidence by written deposition , rather than viva voce before an authoritative judicial officer , I fear that the antiquated rules will remain unchanged , and expensive prolixity remain the best known characteristic of Equity '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1960 , [FILTERED] published Basic Vocabulary In some Mon-Khmer Languages ( AL 2 , No. 3 , pp. 7 - 11 ) , which compares 8 Mon-Khmer languages with the I-E language data on which Swadesh based the revised retention rate ( Af ) in place of original ( Af ) , and his revised 100 word basic glottochronological list in Towards Greater Accuracy ( IJAL 21 : : (Filtered Words: 1)
They condemned the movie script writers for implying that sex was enjoyable and exhilarating . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had done it last year , and the year before , and the year before that , and she , and her people were dependent upon these cans for food . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they are right , they will prevail of and by themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
They bent over yellowed prayerbooks and looked up only to watch the teacher . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only reason for contacting [FILTERED] was to comfort or to be comforted . (Filtered Words: 1)
Study the topography of the suite . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Alastor was published only to be savagely attacked , contemptuously ignored . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who but [FILTERED] himself ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s name being fourth is neither too high nor too low to be assigned to the arbitrary action of vice-chancellor , proctor , master , or other mighty hand . (Filtered Words: 1)
When it was all arranged to fit , and not to interrupt the lengthwise flow of movement in the frieze , the cartoons were tried in place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some even say that this is the reason for the ultimate acceptance of the former . (Filtered Words: 0)
good grass , good water . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd like to talk to him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I beg to inquire if the back is now safe for travelers '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapter 10 , spontaneity training (Filtered Words: 0)
When solving an equation that involves division as well as other steps , do all the division steps first to reduce those parts of the equation to their numerical value . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I try '' , Felix said blithely . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wouldn't matter to a fool like you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Black would have little trouble getting out , but it might delay him a few minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
he dared to wait for the lightning . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't come back for over two . (Filtered Words: 0)
It makes no difference what part of the world is involved , what form of regime , what particular issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew who was riding after him -- the men he had known all his life , the men who had worked for him , sworn their loyalty to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Table 1 immediately below shows the rate of growth of vehicles and employees . (Filtered Words: 0)
An Anglican clergyman in Oxford sadly but frankly acknowledged to me that this is true . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , is the circulating form of the hormone the same as that found in the gland where it is synthesised and stored ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In New York City , WLIB boasts `` more community service programs than any other Negro station '' and `` one of the largest Negro news staffs in America '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was visiting University of North Carolina alumni in New York to ask them for contributions to the Graham Memorial Building fund . (Filtered Words: 0)
The traditional method proceeds by the technique of free association , punctuated by interpretations proposed by the psychoanalytic interviewer . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] will be starred . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] scheduled appearance at captain's mast was a very unusual thing , because the discipline dispensed there is ordinarily for the young and immature , and a chief is naturally expected to stay off the report . (Filtered Words: 1)
As a theologian in the group pointed out , a professional was , before the modern period of technical specialization , one who `` professed '' to be a bearer and critic of his culture in the use of his particular skills . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even that isn't satisfactory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Different about the mouth , huh ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Since none of these glimpses of poetizing without writing is intended to incorporate a signature into the epic matter , there is prima-facie evidence that Beowulf and the Homeric poems each derive from an oral tradition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did I want a beer ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
during the same period around sunrise , skywave transmission is declining , until at about 2 hours after sunrise it reaches a point where it becomes of little practical significance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spiritual life is cultivated , but students do not need to be Christian . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inevitably this means some compromise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now that Israel enjoys relative prosperity and a reduction of tensions , the secularists are less disposed to compromise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing , however , could be farther from the truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm sorry , I thought to the snake , for you were beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
He should have discovered a more tender farewell . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather he weighs each phonologic fact in the light of its orthographic usefulness . (Filtered Words: 0)
This means either cars or trucks . (Filtered Words: 0)
A feeling of futility , an enervation of mind greater than any fatigue he had ever known , seeped through him . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , genial manager of the club , has announced that the Garden of the Gods will open to members Thursday , June 1 . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` He'll have no difficulty '' , I was told . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its clarity and good optical properties are other important factors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lower portion provides a rating at any stage between infancy and adulthood . (Filtered Words: 0)
This will help him to get out of his little tackle shop . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he snatched it up the voice that came to him was quick and urgent . (Filtered Words: 0)
self-discovery calls for an open , permissive , inquiring posture of self-observation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED]'s withered hands , heavy as if her unhappiness were somehow concentrated in them , move in restless self-pity between her broken heart and her walking stick . (Filtered Words: 1)
The taxi driver taking the visitor from the airport remarks that politicians in the state are `` all the same '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Technical assistance in training middle- and upper-level management personnel is still needed in many cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of more importance to the West than Poland's boundaries was the character of her government . (Filtered Words: 0)
So [FILTERED] gave up asking , and accepted her reprieve . (Filtered Words: 1)
For one whole week he never let her stay alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Crystal Structures (Filtered Words: 0)
Boys and men go along the riverbank or to the alcoves in the top arcade . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American Institute of Interior Designers has published a recommended course for designers and a percentage layout of such a course . (Filtered Words: 0)
All this was unknown to me , and yet I had dared to ask her out for the most important night of the year ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Deputy Marshal Luke Harper still stood guard on the veranda , a forlorn , scarecrowish figure in the murky dark . (Filtered Words: 0)
if we are not discriminating in our reading ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , far from really being retired , is engaged in industrial relations counseling . (Filtered Words: 1)
These areas are thought to represent the nuclei . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Riverside's redheaded playing manager , ran after the ball but it rolled past him . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is the course the positivists took . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He should be getting back in the groove before long . (Filtered Words: 0)
The regiment was dug in on the east side of the river and the North Koreans were steadily building up a concentration of crack troops on the other side . (Filtered Words: 0)
The flat-bottomed boat swung slowly to the pull of the current . (Filtered Words: 0)
He demanded , when Lord confronted him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Red Bridge Subdivision (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] , nothing is forbidden . (Filtered Words: 1)
Phenothiazine . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clearly identifiable enemy continued on as if no one else were around . (Filtered Words: 0)
A [FILTERED] painting , however confabulated , is a universe of tensions in vast depths . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a big room , empty except for a few things of Pops's at the far end -- a wooden crate on which stood the candle , a spread out blanket , and an unrolled bindle . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What Master [FILTERED] says is true . (Filtered Words: 1)
Via was in the parking lot when I went outside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Petitions asking for a jail term for Norristown attorney [FILTERED] will be presented to the Montgomery County Court Friday , it was disclosed Tuesday by Horace A. Davenport , counsel for the widow of the man killed last Nov. 1 by Barnard's hit-run car . (Filtered Words: 1)
They'll be in range in a short while '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nigger pussy . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a work is divided into several large segments , a last-minute drawing of random numbers may determine the order of the segments for any particular performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Opponents generally argued that the ballot couldn't give enough information about tax proposals for the voters to make an intelligent choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Dandy had had little experience with girls on his master's plantation in Bayou St. John . (Filtered Words: 0)
Merely to satisfy the author's curiosity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is less than its minimum ( base ) allotment , and if so raise its unadjusted allotment to its minimum allotment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would bar vehicles (Filtered Words: 0)
Let it be granted then that the theological differences in this area between Protestants and Roman Catholics appear to be irreconcilable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The possibility of a space charge blowup of the screen crossover of the elementary electron bundles has been pointed out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Liberals and conservatives in both parties -- Democratic and Republican -- should divorce themselves and form two independent parties , [FILTERED] , nationally known labor-management expert , said here yesterday . (Filtered Words: 1)
Secretary of State [FILTERED] , a former Rhodes Scholar and Mills College dean , has headed the Rockefeller Foundation and in that role expended large sums for international cultural exchange . (Filtered Words: 1)
A cylinder's compression ratio is computed by comparing the cylinder's volume , or its displacement , with the total volume of the cylinder and its combustion chamber . (Filtered Words: 0)
The brush moves up and down and is small enough to clean every dental surface , including the back of the teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
To determine car speed for a given combination of engine speed , gear ratio , and tire size , the formula is : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a firm grip on the man's hair Matsuo applied the blade flat on a cheek . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Have you spoken to a doctor about it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The BOD of the raw sewage was typical of domestic sewage from a subdivision . (Filtered Words: 0)
There have been contradictory reports from 1958 Delta 2 , and the data quoted here are believed to be the more reliable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Time stood still for these people , and their load of pleasure was so commingled with the shocks and pains of the dromozoa that the words of the Lady Da took on very remote meaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan filled the dipper from the water bucket on the shelf , went back into the front room , lifted the girl's head , and held the edge of the dipper to her mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Pedersen kid . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know this worked . (Filtered Words: 0)
What could rescue the bill would be some quick progress on a bill amending the National Defense Education Act of 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Board meeting tonight , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Plant City Oct. 11 . (Filtered Words: 0)
On his first trip to the finished structure he boasted that he had built a temple grander than Solomon's in Jerusalem . (Filtered Words: 0)
There the Royal Motel advertises `` all facilities , vented heat , air conditioned , carpeted , free TV , storm cellar '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After he had spent the first three years in New York as associate conductor , at Toscanini's invitation , of the NBC Orchestra , he made numerous guest appearances throughout the United States and Latin America . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second piece is in turn glued and screwed to the first . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great absorbency of this tissue and the fact that it is easier to control than a sponge makes it an ideal tool for the watercolorist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps a street musician will pass to add that extra touch . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , director of the corps , is certain that they can . (Filtered Words: 1)
The survivors emerge on some nice , sunny day in March or April , when the temperature is close to 50-degrees and there is not too much wind . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I knew it all along '' , confessed [FILTERED] with a grin , `` but I just happened to think how much nicer it would be to drop one way up there '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
There are two ways of getting at a poet's development : through his dated poems , and through the revisions which he made in later editions of his work . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] had a strong liking for a story , any story which was to be had by means of much sleuthing or by roundabout methods . (Filtered Words: 1)
The secretary based his assessment on the upturn in retail sales . (Filtered Words: 0)
The town was about what [FILTERED] expected : one main street with its rows of false-fronted buildings , a water tower , a few warehouses , a single hotel ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The several trials of a binomial experiment produce a new random variable X , the total number of successes , which is just the sum of the random variables associated with the single trials . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others because they expected some sort of reward for the information . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw the pony fall like a stone and the young warrior flew over its head , bouncing like a rubber ball . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mission Street at this hour was populated by a whole community that Gun could not have seen on his tour of duty -- the neighborhood that had known Urbano Quintana by day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Problems have arisen in this sensitive field but have been handled in most cases with understanding and restraint . (Filtered Words: 0)
D . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stimulates rumen activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1959 President [FILTERED] and Premier [FILTERED] held an informal session in the U. S. . (Filtered Words: 2)
So far the platoons on left and right fielders don't seem capable of carrying the load . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirty years ago , while the nation was wallowing in economic depression , the prevailing philosophy of government was to stand aside and allow `` natural forces '' to operate and cure the distress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
He examined it carefully , handed it back and said , `` Eh bien , you may leave France '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he was striding across the room , his thoughts confused but the worry building swiftly inside him as he snatched up the note . (Filtered Words: 0)
They also caught on a little bit on how to smile a lot without your lips trembling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Richmond , Va. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The thin legs twitched convulsively once , then [FILTERED] felt the little body stiffening in her arms and heard one strangled sound . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was losing patience again . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Tomorrow . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pleura is extremely thin in type 2 and septa are absent . (Filtered Words: 0)
She certainly looked Japanese , and perhaps she could not really blame the young men . (Filtered Words: 0)
General binomial problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leave me alone , Gun thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus pencils of tangents to Q are transformed into pencils of tangents . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's talk about books '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
The academic dean should take a direct , long-term interest in faculty development . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] approached the place cautiously , and watched it several minutes from the protection of a grove of trees . (Filtered Words: 1)
For in a world as yet unacquainted with the horrors of the mushroom cloud , poison gas was still regarded as the ultimate in hideous weapons . (Filtered Words: 0)
A crack corps of 50 pilots was formed from the ranks of volunteers , but the project was halted before the end of the war , and the missiles later fell into Allied hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when [FILTERED] rides with them they also have to take the two girls who usually ride with her , so the little car isn't big enough . (Filtered Words: 1)
The foreign-entry-limit price would be approached more rapidly , since domestic wage-rates do not enter foreign costs directly . (Filtered Words: 0)
You might have failed . (Filtered Words: 0)
what next ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He and [FILTERED] settled down to being social leaders , and [FILTERED] managed to look a little more beautiful each year . (Filtered Words: 2)
Today more than a thousand industries distribute me to their employees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although modern scholars have expressed surprise that `` the simple magic square of three '' , a mere `` mathematical puzzle '' , was able to exert a considerable influence on the minds and imaginations of the cultured Chinese for so many centuries , they could have found most of the answers right within the square itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled to herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm eating more '' , he would say . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All we have left in the world is one another , and we must stay together the way Mother wanted '' , [FILTERED] said in telling his children of their mother's death yesterday afternoon . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] has provided them with extremely effective orchestral accompaniment (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] recognized the man . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] was uninjured . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] is the Director . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` How do you do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
America did not become great through softness and self-indulgence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carving was action . (Filtered Words: 0)
abstracts and other compilations on rare occasions when original papers are not available . (Filtered Words: 0)
This tax was discontinued in 1936 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having arrived he blinked sleepily and friendlily at them , and lapsed back into the restful stupor from which he had emerged . (Filtered Words: 0)
but naturally , the royal ritual , which provided unusual control over already supremely powerful divine spirits , was held responsible for regulating the universe and insuring the welfare of the kingdom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every pitch in the game brought forth a howl from the enraptured audience and every fly ball the visitors dropped ( and because their right fielder was still a little fuzzy from drink , they dropped many ) called forth yelps of derision . (Filtered Words: 0)
In France , it remained always more picturesque , more dancelike , more full of flavor . (Filtered Words: 0)
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 20th day of April , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-fifth . (Filtered Words: 0)
When it became obvious that he could stay inside no longer , taking a thousand to one chance [FILTERED] rushed outside , square against the muzzle of a Winchester . (Filtered Words: 1)
The original D minor seems to symbolize blindness , inescapable in spite of all attempts to move away from it . (Filtered Words: 0)
What would happen next ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't like carrying the suitcase . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll they'll think I did something '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The photograph , Figure 1 of the completed frieze , shows how , having been separated from his fellows in useless isolation for eighty years , he has now been given a hand , and by juxtaposition ( and the permission of the Committee ) , given a new job , to represent the witnesses of the first flight at [FILTERED] in 1903 . (Filtered Words: 1)
And that was the end . (Filtered Words: 0)
Very austere yet racy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That is the answer the ungodly will always make when the Church points its fingers at their sins . (Filtered Words: 0)
He peered from a loophole . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they were refused entrance to his brother's house nearby , they smashed down the door , broke the window , and threw lighted clothes wet with kerosene into the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another strategy -- bolder and tougher -- was also attracting notice in Washington : a naval and air blockade to cut Cuba off from the world , destroy [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
We keep getting the same ones back again and again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where do I start '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We therefore leave the writer to the enjoyment of the unenvied reputation which the personal abuse he has heaped on us will entitle him to from the low and vulgar herd to which he belongs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both types of tube withstood the pressure of approximately 20 atmospheres exerted by the carbon tetrachloride at 220-degrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wouldn't look Tilghman in the face . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] shut the door behind him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The enemy did not veer . (Filtered Words: 0)
They thundered at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the gate he slowed , looking around . (Filtered Words: 0)
When dry they were fired to cone 06-05 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Non-God , no '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
My people await you on the shore . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] characterized Patchen as a `` man of anger and light '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Another public interest group is the commission of laymen or educators which is appointed to study an educational problem and to make recommendations . (Filtered Words: 0)
we do well to conform this way with all that God requires . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were no tracks of either hoofs or boots . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had left the party early , pleading a headache . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each diagram is accompanied by a `` dog chart '' , a list of the levers that show which other levers any particular lever will lock if pulled . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But it was inevitable ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
objects in gold , ivory , and bronze grow more numerous . (Filtered Words: 0)
By monitoring , we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sat in his office yesterday and recalled that historic flight in 1944 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Silver Springs features glass-bottom boat rides and in Everglades National Park there are opportunities to photograph rare wildlife . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was found guilty and sentenced to 15 months' imprisonment . (Filtered Words: 1)
Poet ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
They did not `` duck the war '' but they fought in it , however reluctantly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
From that day on I began to write editorials about the things I did not think correct in [FILTERED] regime . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Is that you , Bill '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and they had ( vaguely ) heads and feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
The word also made him feel hate , sincere hate , for those so labeled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Publications Board receives applications for the positions of editor and business manager and makes the appointments in the spring previous to the year of publication . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one cartoon a family is shown outside a theater with the head of the family addressing the doorman : `` Excuse me , but when we came out we found that we had left my daughter's handbag and my wife's behind '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meeting in Moscow (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood with his back to the skiff . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many potters clung to the past the more determinedly as they were confronted with radically new ideas ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional entries must be made from time to time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet nationalism has lost few of its charms for the historian , writer or man in the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
The event , staged yearly by Neusteters , will be held in the Opera House Wednesday , Aug. 16 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is the present treasurer and manager . (Filtered Words: 1)
The manservant [FILTERED] and his mistress , [FILTERED] , were pursuing a young girl -- an octoroon of cameo-like beauty -- across the front lawn of the [FILTERED] mansion . (Filtered Words: 3)
Counsel for Du Pont indicated a preference for the submission of detailed plans by both sides at an early date . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , that particular message does no more than weakly echo the roar in all fresh blood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rain on Friday prevented many workouts , but there were a few miles of note on Thursday . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , the consensus of opinion is that , used with caution and in conjunction with other types of evidence , the native sources still provide a valid rough outline for the English settlement of southern Britain . (Filtered Words: 0)
samples (Filtered Words: 0)
Using the figures from the previous examples , the equation becomes : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he missed the point that the swarthy witches might be laughing at him for hoping to escape [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] pointed upward . (Filtered Words: 1)
Future plans (Filtered Words: 0)
It appeals to those who were frustrated in the outcome of the Hungarian situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other bill , by Sen. [FILTERED] of Paris , would relieve real estate brokers , who pay their own annual licensing fee , from the $12 annual occupation license on brokers in such as stocks and bonds . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Speaking of nonism : the other day , in a story about a sit-down demonstration , the Paris Herald Tribune wrote , ' The non-violence became noisier . (Filtered Words: 0)
But grow in grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior , Jesus Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
one wave swamped more than 1,000 ships and boats in Osaka Bay . (Filtered Words: 0)
the other was with her American husband and their exceptionally appealing children . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mushrooming of FM outlets , offering concerts ( both jazz and classical ) , lectures , and other special events , is a phenomenon which has had a fair amount of publicity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shelter in apartment buildings (Filtered Words: 0)
As he drove home through the thinning traffic , [FILTERED] felt the unease growing . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who claims to be a conscientious objector , was convicted of violating 12a of the Universal Military Training and [FILTERED] by refusing to be inducted into the armed forces . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` My cousin works at the Labor Bureau . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her voice was flat and dull . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is secondarily a believing and worshiping fellowship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan hotly denied this and informed the Board of War that the men in camp linked the name of [FILTERED] with the plot against Washington . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] ate some supper in the kitchen and went into the TV room to hear the news . (Filtered Words: 1)
Only Walter Lippman envisioned the possibility of our having `` outlived most of what we used to regard as the program of our national purposes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They may even enroll a colored student or two for show , though he usually turns out to be from Thailand , or any place other than the American South . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Former Vice President [FILTERED] came out in support of President [FILTERED]'s program for stepping up the arms race . (Filtered Words: 2)
Even so , he generally listened and was usually reasonable to those who voiced their objections properly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you underwriting expensive team trips ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had an idea that Myra loved it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Above me a dark rider was whipping his pony with a quirt in an attempt to hurdle the bales . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stopped the car and switched off the lights and they sat looking at the water , which , there being no moon out , at first could be distinguished from the sky only by an absence of stars . (Filtered Words: 1)
He courageously defended the rights of small nations , and he stood his ground against the savage attacks of the Communist bloc . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] smiled -- he did have a nice smile -- took off his hat most politely , told her to hop in , and he'd give her a lift to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Respect for personality is a privilege and a duty for us as brothers . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , when the slat finally shatters , we see him count the fragments , all the while muttering , `` He loves me , he loves me not '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and in that brief interval , a redcoat officer came tearing down the road , whipping his horse fit to kill . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` At this stage of the game anything could be possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
For Mr. [FILTERED]'s Images And Reflections she made some diaphanous tents that alternately hide and reveal the performer , and a girl's cape lined with grass . (Filtered Words: 1)
The husband points the steps out with his flashlight : `` Its white stare filling her pale eyes To the blind brim with appetite , Bleaching her hands that grazed my thighs And sent us from the table in surprise To let the dishes soak all night , '' ( [FILTERED] asked herself if [FILTERED] was blushing at this line , or was it the fire ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
Estimated production costs of radiation energy from machine and nuclide sources range from $1 to $10 per Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
The strange creature , housed in wire , made him shudder . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second situation is illustrated by the operator T on Af ( F any field ) represented in the standard basis by Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said fiercely . (Filtered Words: 1)
A resolution of 70 - 80 line-pairs per millimeter appears to be feasible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lewis was a man who had made a full-time job of cow stealing . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not a farfetched analogy to say that this is what [FILTERED] did to poetry . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] shook his head . (Filtered Words: 1)
The court issued a temporary restraining order , directing us to resume referrals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boston fans sometimes liked to wring some wry satisfaction out of the fact that most of the great 1923-27 crew were graduates of the Red Sox -- sold to millionaires [FILTERED] and Ruppert by a man who could not deny them their most trifling desire . (Filtered Words: 1)
( B ) That because of the low viscosity of the fluid , the internal pressure is the same in all directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unanalyzed responses (Filtered Words: 0)
Plainfield (Filtered Words: 0)
Dominant stress is of course more than extended duration , and normally centers on syllables that would have primary stress or phrase stress if the words or longer units they are parts of were spoken alone : a dominant stress given to glorify would normally center on its first syllable rather than its last . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Communist countries allocated more than $1,000,000,000 in economic aid alone last year , according to Western estimates . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sweat bubbled out on Jess's swarthy face . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A serious problem accompanying the technical-ladder approach is the difficulty of clearly defining responsibilities and standards of performance for each level . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the reference to race was stricken by the association in 1950 , being an agent of such `` detrimental '' influences still appears as the cardinal sin realtors see themselves committed to avoid . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was then in man's hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You know , I've got one of your cars at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
the facet of muscular development that wins prizes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Resolving to get something done , I started in on the dishes . (Filtered Words: 0)
own pride and humility . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) That because of the low viscosity of the fluid , the internal pressure is the same in all directions . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seemed unlikely that her crew , if either of them were alive , could even see the Ariadne , for they were passing her at a distance of nearly a light-year . (Filtered Words: 0)
These lives are in themselves outside of the moral order and are unburdened with moral responsibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
Publication and distribution : (Filtered Words: 0)
When they got home [FILTERED] was grateful for the stillness in the apartment , and thought how , under different circumstances , they might have stayed on here , in these old-fashioned , high-ceilinged rooms that reminded him of the Irelands' apartment in the East Eighties . (Filtered Words: 1)
The tall sunburnt rustler-hunter stared in amazement . (Filtered Words: 0)
most important to Patchen , he was a non-literary hero , and very contemporary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sets of weights are provided so that the load can be selected in the range of 1/2 to 4 pounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence all teachers , good and bad , who have been teaching for a given number of years are paid the same salary . (Filtered Words: 0)
But dully glinting on the dark form were the buttons and badge of a policeman . (Filtered Words: 0)
As cells coalesced into organisms , they built new `` unnatural '' and internally controlled environments to cope even more successfully with the entropy-increasing properties of the external world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Technical assistance in training middle- and upper-level management personnel is still needed in many cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first part of the road was steep , but it leveled off after the second bend and curled gradually into the valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In the same five year period that the United States says they ( the detectives ) were engaged in this conspiracy '' , Sokol continued , `` these three young men received a total of 26 creditable mentions and many special compensations , and were nominated for the Lambert Tree award and the mayor's medal '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was a strange relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
While one element is announcing progress , another is delineating its problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The performances of the Comedie Francaise are the most important recent events in the New York theater . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the sad truth is that while one might write well without having read Bartleby The Scrivener , one is more likely , to write well if one has `` read it , and much else . (Filtered Words: 0)
( page 34 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Even before the benches had dried , the Civil War veterans were straggling back to their places . (Filtered Words: 0)
she also went to Washington and appealed to Senator [FILTERED] of Nebraska , the Fighting Liberal , from whose office a sympathetic but cautious harrumphing was heard . (Filtered Words: 1)
Its windows glowed with lamplight . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll tell him -- if I see him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who are the victims of the device quacks ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You want me to drop my pot '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] too static when it was first heard in `` Lady Be Good '' in Philadelphia in 1924 , it was dropped from the score . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I've heard about it '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
We heard him before he ever showed , and we heard him yelling after he was out of sight . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has been my lot all through life to associate with eminent scientists and at times to discuss with them the deepest and most vital of all questions , the nature of the hope of a life beyond this . (Filtered Words: 0)
but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does the `` public '' usually sell at bottoms , or does the market usually bottom out when the `` public '' sells ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There should be no reason to misinterpret or ignore the intent of this letter . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
These would be his hardest years , she knew , and he missed his father desperately . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I have established that the action of municipal , county , or state school boards or boards of education is small , infinitesimally small in comparison with the number of districts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Regency -- Truman . (Filtered Words: 0)
a lovely Epiphany party at [FILTERED] , on which sacred occasion Letch stole away with an unknown `` starlet '' , leaving me `` high and dry '' to get home as best I could . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- Washington County's 36th annual fair will close Saturday evening with 4-H and FFA awards program at 7 , public dance at 8 and variety show at 8:30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sensitive often seems to smell definite odors , too , or subjectively feels emotions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He called the bar and grill where he had picked [FILTERED] up that afternoon . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is to say that this was not a course in wise buying or money spending methods , nor a course in how to raise children . (Filtered Words: 0)
He campaigned successfully for the riddance of `` Death Avenue '' and also brought about the ending of pollution of metropolitan beaches by sewage . (Filtered Words: 0)
His friend [FILTERED] was with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
This nettled the children into the revelation of exact truth , a sacrifice of their secret superiority over grown people , but a victory in the wide fields of perpetration and illegitimate accomplishment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The skies turn dark but the clouds do not loose their wrath . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may not be responsible '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` bout takin his place '' He listened , waited , nothing happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
We consider here only a few of many problems involved in this crucial federal-state relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
A chill wind in the air and the narrow streets packed with snow . (Filtered Words: 0)
The action of the Commission in allowing or denying any claim under this title shall be final and conclusive on all questions of law and fact and not subject to review by the Secretary of State or any other official , department , agency , or establishment of the United States or by any court by mandamus or otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know you when you start talking about brains and talent '' , Maggie said . (Filtered Words: 0)
By a wrenching effort , he managed to hunch and draw in , to take the final fall on his back and shoulders rather than his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Holmes went to Atlanta's Morehouse ( Negro ) College , where he is a B student and star halfback . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can you walk ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was thickly settled by fifteen thousand citizens and laid out into pig-infested streets , mostly around the Battery , going bravely north to Wall Street , but giving up and becoming fields and farms in the region of Harlem Heights . (Filtered Words: 0)
Speaking generally , it furthered -- and still tends to further -- the interests of the Western powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , in 1693 the Philadelphia Yearly Meeting of Friends declared that its members should emancipate their slaves and in 1776 it determined to exclude from membership all who did not comply . (Filtered Words: 0)
Zenith absorbed Allstates , stock transfers were arranged , and [FILTERED] became president of the hyphenated combination . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You shut up ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And , much as she detested [FILTERED] , she also did not accuse him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Younger son calls police (Filtered Words: 0)
those of 1788 were going to prove decisive , though many of their details are obscure . (Filtered Words: 0)
' I've found errors and I want you to look them over . (Filtered Words: 0)
In an apparent effort to head off such a rival primary slate , Mr. [FILTERED] talked by telephone yesterday with Representative [FILTERED] , the Bronx Democratic leader , and with [FILTERED] , the Brooklyn Democratic leader . (Filtered Words: 3)
The ambulance is drawn by two `` charming '' little horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Howard '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His orthographic recommendations are no simplistic acceptance of phonemics on the one hand or of superficiality on the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
But while war still serves as a catalyst for the values that [FILTERED] wishes to express , these values are no longer linked with the triumph or defeat of any cause -- whether that of an individual assertion of the will-to-power , or a collective attempt to escape from the humiliation of oppression -- as their necessary condition . (Filtered Words: 1)
They get all the glory and most of the pay and don't earn ten cents apiece on the average , the drunken rascals '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If payment is by cash , you should ask for a receipt . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the force required to remove the coatings is plotted against film thickness , a graph as illustrated schematically in Fig. 5 may characteristically result . (Filtered Words: 0)
This must be considered primarily an amendment and supplement to his early A Short Description Of Item-Categories In Iraqw . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here are hatched plans for getting a share of the American bounty , the secret of the anti-missile missile , or an invitation to dinner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic mapping (Filtered Words: 0)
Not for years . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two cities have the examples of Little Rock and New Orleans to hold up as warnings against resorting to violence to try to stop the processes of desegregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And hungry '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did you know he is advertising his ham-radio equipment for sale this weekend ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Some schools were technical -- the Belgians needed carpenters and mechanics to help exploit the land , and trained many . (Filtered Words: 0)
She would rather live in danger than die of loneliness and boredom . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` C '' club is composed of the men of the College who have won an official letter in [FILTERED] athletics . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] has consistently voted to aid the people who killed [FILTERED] , and against principles [FILTERED] died to uphold . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` I haven't made up my mind yet '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Democratic leadership , however , hopes to pass it sometime this week . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only performance which was too soft for me was that of [FILTERED] , but since someone had to become the victim of despoilers , just to emphasize that such things do happen at these fracases , I suppose this was the attitude the part called for . (Filtered Words: 1)
This was someone who'd come down in the world , I thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was this basic trait that separated Adams from the ranks of professional historians and led him to commit time and time again what was his most serious offense against the historical method -- namely , the tendency to assume the truth of an hypothesis before submitting it to the test of facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us work through an example , and the simpler and commoner the better . (Filtered Words: 0)
We sold only four pickers all last year '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are the result of a constant and careful contest with the elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One white hand poised a stick above his desk . (Filtered Words: 0)
the way in which the transformation of state depends on the operating variables for the main types of reactors is discussed in the next chapter . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shouted to the pitcher . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In a Chicago slum just like you . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a small , neon-lighted restaurant and cocktail lounge on the southeast corner of the intersection as he turned into the quiet , palm-lined street where most of the houses on both sides were older two-story mansions , now cut up into furnished rooms and housekeeping apartments . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is why Dr. [FILTERED] asks parents not to insist , against their dentist's advice , that their child have orthodontic work done too early . (Filtered Words: 1)
A group of sailors announced to Hudson that they would sail no farther . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
His superiors had emphasized that marines tortured others for the sheer pleasure . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has won both of his starts . (Filtered Words: 1)
Below the moon-splashed world rolled away to insurmountable white peaks ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The tapes show that . (Filtered Words: 0)
File to a smooth finish . (Filtered Words: 0)
The drama in the theater and the concert in the hall both have a fixed time , but the time is fixed by the director and the players , the conductor and the instrumentalists , subject , therefore , to much variation , as record collectors well know . (Filtered Words: 0)
The platform actually tilts off level so that the accelerometer output , when amplified by Af , will supply the correct current to the gyro torquer to cancel the gyro drift . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Some day '' , I told [FILTERED] , `` that guy will kill us both '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ever since he had first begun to study music and to teach it , [FILTERED] had dreamed of piercing through to fame as the result of a successful opera . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet you feel the orchestra is near at hand , and the individual instruments have the same firm presence associated with listening from a good seat in an acoustically perfect hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alec gave him a tip and let him go . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1959-60 , vehicles averaged an operating cost of $.027 per mile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Montgomery knew all the national leaders up to the time of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
An unsuccessful playwright and actor , he has faith only in himself and in a talent he is not sure exists . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , in general , we may argue that the student can direct the primary emphasis of his attention toward one or the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ah , did you once see Shelley plain '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This latter reaction is in accord with the reported decomposition of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the outside it was an ordinary enough house of the gentry . (Filtered Words: 0)
She loved the children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , in deciding on the content and method of his teaching , does he favor a curriculum which will make his students stronger competitors in the race for higher economic status , or does he favor a curriculum which strengthens students in other ways ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But a few reached our wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
She charged . (Filtered Words: 0)
A good man , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I doubt if it is possible to overfeed them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` McLish '' , he said as he kicked the horse into motion , `` I'd be a mighty sad man if we never met again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The machine is equipped with a pipe for injecting live steam that is capable of raising the temperature of water at an eight-inch level from 110-degrees to 140-degrees-F ( 38*0 to 60*0C. ) in less than two minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] has agreed to do a portrait of the family of the person who wins the door prize . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] believes in a good full breakfast of fruit , hot cereal , milk , honey , whole-wheat toast with real butter and eggs . (Filtered Words: 1)
True ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all men of the period would have accepted this emphasis . (Filtered Words: 0)
It snowed continuously , but quietly , evenly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of the falling characteristic of the rectifier , no ballast resistor was required for stability of operation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The person of the artist becomes a final bastion of meaning in a world rendered meaningless by the march of events and the decay of classical religious and philosophical systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the one hand , the Public Health Service declared as recently as October 26 that present radiation levels resulting from the Soviet shots `` do not warrant undue public concern '' or any action to limit the intake of radioactive substances by individuals or large population groups anywhere in the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
This filly is a much better individual than either of her full-sisters , [FILTERED] and Cerise -- more scale and much better underpinning . (Filtered Words: 1)
National leaders will have to display the highest skills of statesmanship to guide their people through times of uncertainty and confusion which destroy men's sense of identity . (Filtered Words: 0)
So was the gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
We do not want policy officers below the level of Presidential appointees to concern themselves too much with problems of domestic politics in recommending foreign policy action . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matching funds also can be obtained for procurement of such items as radios , sirens and rescue trucks , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
In no other situation would a group of doctors , struggling competently to improve the life expectancy of a man beloved by the world , be subjected to such merciless and persistent questioning , and before they were prepared to demonstrate the kind of verbal precision which alone can clarify for mankind the problems it faces . (Filtered Words: 0)
the 8 , the Chi in the Northeast ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There might be a story in it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the Communese reply came back from many mouthpieces with striking consistency . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , just as no different issues are posed for thoughtful analysis by the foreshortening of time that may yet pass before the end of human life on this earth , but only stimulation and alarm to the imagination , the same thing must be said in connection with the question of what we may perhaps already be doing , by human action , to accelerate this end . (Filtered Words: 0)
There have been indications that he hopes to redress that situation , commencing with the White House . (Filtered Words: 0)
This serious condition , popularly known as pyorrhea , is one of the chief causes of tooth loss in adults . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is [FILTERED] reads the news emotionally , dominant stress may or may not be on the adjunct emotionally . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] would find him and take care of him . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the first place , a large part of the discrepancy between President [FILTERED]'s estimate of a 1.5 billion dollar surplus for the same period and the new estimate of an almost seven billion dollar deficit is the result of the outgoing President's farewell gift of a political booby-trap to his successor . (Filtered Words: 1)
They were even , Anne and George , probably thinking themselves very considerate in not hinting that she really should cut out `` one or two countries '' and come home in August to get Cousin Emma's house ready before the teachers came to Tuxapoka in September . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only woman recipient , Miss [FILTERED] will receive the award with [FILTERED] , creator of chic , beautiful women's fashions ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
One of the uniformed officers stepped in my way , demanding to know whether I had permission to enter Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scientists often turn out to be idiosyncratic , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
On November 7 , 1859 , the Providence Daily Journal reprinted a letter sent to [FILTERED] from `` E. B. '' , a Quaker lady in Newport . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] cursed steadily . (Filtered Words: 1)
More new addresses (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , tomorrow , six months , even perhaps a year (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was filled with black Nazi uniforms and the dirty brownish ones of their Auxiliaries . (Filtered Words: 1)
The mother of a difficult child can do a great deal to help her own child and often , by sharing her experiences , she can help other mothers with the same problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
If your state has no provisions for the numbering of pleasure boats , you must apply for a number from the U.S. Coast Guard for any kind of boat with mechanical propulsion rated at more than 10 horsepower before it can be used on Federal waterways . (Filtered Words: 0)
He belched again , and opening his eyes , threw the bottle out the open door . (Filtered Words: 0)
No hands , for one thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
His letter had suggested we meet at my hotel at noon on Sunday , and I came into the lobby as the clock struck twelve . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check to see if some of your benefits -- such as on-the-job disability pay -- can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anybody carrying anything that might hide a rifle ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
The problems confuse even the experts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latest versions of the famous Savage Model 99 are the 99 Featherweight ( about $125 ) and the 99 Deluxe ( under $135 ) , which have a top-tang safety and improved trigger design . (Filtered Words: 0)
Choice was expected (Filtered Words: 0)
Studying The Merchant Of Venice in high school and college has given many young people their notions about Jews . (Filtered Words: 0)
They all prayed now that the North would realize that peace must come , for Virginia had defended her land victoriously . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had claimed her from the stag line , a young man a year out of Dartmouth with skiing crinkles still around his eyes . (Filtered Words: 1)
The influence of Mass was less pervasive than that of the congested , slum tenements among the bawdy houses , honkytonks , and sawdust saloons of his birthplace ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus with regard to the loss of tradition , in the change from order to disorder the metaphysics of change works itself out as a disruption of the individual soul , a change in which man continues as an objective ontological existent , but no longer as a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
My brother and mother got no value from their religion when they died . (Filtered Words: 0)
She saw me and sat down beside me , three feet away . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is in honor of [FILTERED] , class of 1773 , who scooped a canoe out of a handy tree and first set the course way back in his own student days . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , socially prominent and a neighbor of the Lalauries , chanced to glance out of her parlor window at dusk one evening and beheld an amazing sight . (Filtered Words: 1)
How long should I wait '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Problems in marketing management (Filtered Words: 0)
These are suggestive of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the third category the function is double-valued in this interval . (Filtered Words: 0)
A piece of devotional material , such as The Upper Room , may be left in each home . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sure she'd turn it over to you , if you'd rather . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contact (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Sipping their coffee , discussing the weather , the day's shopping , [FILTERED]'s commitments at the network ( all of which he would cancel ) , they avoided the radio , the morning TV news show , even the front page of the Santa Luisa Register , resting on the kitchen bar . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is as if we , in our center of human observation , from time to time penetrate more deeply into the unknown . (Filtered Words: 0)
States which provide automobiles for employees assign them variously to the agency , the individual , or to a central pool . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is also possible that some of the dust in the vicinity of the Earth originated from meteoritic impacts upon the moon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Start by falling forward to a point close to the feet , and , as strength improves , fall farther and farther out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clerfayt of `` Heaven Has No Favorites '' resembles Portago only in that he is male and a race-driver -- quite a bad race-driver , whereas Portago was a good one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many years later , the photon-counting apparatus in the nose of the ship would determine that the star was close enough to actuate deceleration . (Filtered Words: 0)
nor did Synthetic Cubism fully begin there . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Have you any idea what this [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] were arguing about '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
The Holy Father would die soon , she said to [FILTERED] , so she could translate for [FILTERED] , although he had a brilliant doctor , a man who did not need the assistance of those doctors offered by the great rulers of the world . (Filtered Words: 2)
Transport properties of air . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a main flavoring for halvah , the candy of the Middle East . (Filtered Words: 0)
It can be seen from Fig. 2 that the cutting removal of a coating from its substrate involves pure cohesive failure of the coating . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why are you trying to worry me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For innocence , of all the graces of the spirit , is I believe the one most to be prayed for . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a detailed letter published in the Scientific American in 1912 , he remarked that `` loose statements '' about the case showed scant understanding of the facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a full scale , small , but efficient house that can become a year 'round retreat complete in every detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has also written both music and lyrics for several songs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Oedipus and Lear instruct us how little of the world belongs to man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although slab stock appeared first , it soon became apparent that for the production of cushions with irregular shapes , crowned contours , or rounded edges , the cutting of slab stock is a wasteful and uneconomical process . (Filtered Words: 0)
Florida provides tropical scenes unequalled in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
Generally the first salvo of a tsunami is a rather sharp swell , not different enough from an ordinary wave to alarm casual observers . (Filtered Words: 0)
When you read me , you are holding in your hands the product of many minds and hearts . (Filtered Words: 0)
If I now risk some comparisons with Sons And Lovers let it be clear that I am not comparing the two works or judging their merits ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The DRDW statement may also be used to generate an RDW defining any area specified by the programmer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The natural world then , plus poetry and some kinds of art , receives from the most ordinary of Persians a great deal of attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , chairman of the Oriole board of directors , and Public Relations Director [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Rather than from a first-hand study of Jewish people , his delineation of [FILTERED] stems from a collection of Italian stories , Il Pecorone , published in 1558 , although written almost two centuries earlier . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You're the doctor '' , he returned with a smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Day after day some new episode is reported . (Filtered Words: 0)
They found it at the junction between Troops H and G , and prepared to counterattack . (Filtered Words: 0)
But then , he hadn't studied very hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
The United States can use its aid as an incentive to self-help by responding with aid on a sustained basis , tailored to priority needs , to those countries making serious efforts in self-help . (Filtered Words: 0)
The left will follow at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adam nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wait for the charge ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
To experience them , it is not necessary for a people to be actively aware of what is happening to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he was sober , which was doubtful , he'd have him get in touch with Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Moreover , it is too readily forgotten that in the Republic what gave the initial impetus to [FILTERED]'s excursus into the construction of an imaginary commonwealth with its ruling-class communism of goods , wives , and children , was his quest for a canon for the proper ordering of the individual human psyche ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
( 2 ) What evidence is there that he was psychically blind ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
-- [FILTERED] , the line coach for the football champion Philadelphia Eagles , was elevated today to head coach . (Filtered Words: 1)
The February 1960 issue marked the reinstitution of the section entitled , `` The Medical Officer Writes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it was water . (Filtered Words: 0)
At 12:50 p.m. a ramp was rolled up to the plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
Compute this volume by measuring the distance from the top of the block to the piston head as accurately as possible with a depth micrometer or some other precision measuring device and then multiply the area of the cylinder by the depth . (Filtered Words: 0)
2.2 the discrete deterministic process (Filtered Words: 0)
Few writers have better understood their deepest selves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recapitulation of Milton's undergraduate career (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , driving the horse and sulky borrowed from [FILTERED] , he felt as if every bone was topped by burning oil and that every muscle was ready to dissolve into jelly and leave his big body helpless and unable to move . (Filtered Words: 1)
Prolonged vibration is also undesirable ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Haney felt like shrinking out of sight , but he was already trapped in the corner with the wiry , dark little man . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Opportunities for Christian service (Filtered Words: 0)
I have changed and I have reversed opinions ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He has served as a border patrolman and was in the Signal Corps of the U.S. Army . (Filtered Words: 0)
With all respect to a fine young man , Mr. [FILTERED] is not able to provide these necessaries '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
This result is preliminary , and work is continuing . (Filtered Words: 0)
There may be a number of secondary effects resulting from diffusion through buildings such as widespread contamination of kitchens , restaurants , food stores , hospitals , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he attacked the two officers again and was again restrained , Slate related . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] 15 minutes . (Filtered Words: 1)
I start growing rapidly and this calcium atom grows along with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Salaries compare favorably with those paid to the first two or three levels of management . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd not only told me so , he'd proved it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were the years when people flocked to Manchester not only to play golf , which had come into vogue , but also to witness the Ekwanok Country Club tournaments . (Filtered Words: 0)
His face took on a sudden pallor , became beaded with sweat , and he seemed to have trouble with his breathing . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] began to shave with great sweeping strokes . (Filtered Words: 1)
He spit . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were climbing the hill in the night when the headlights abruptly probed solid blackness , became two parallel luminous tubes which broadened out into a faint mist of light and ended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until 1958 the state was also entitled to a special type of manufacturers' discount through the dealers . (Filtered Words: 0)
then the number of successes is always 0 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally , the patient does not say , `` I hate my father '' , or `` Sibling rivalry is what bugs me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I found recently a very small article in the New York Times : (Filtered Words: 0)
When I try to work out my reasons for feeling that this passage is of critical significance , I come up with the following ideas , which I shall express very briefly here and revert to in a later essay . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything was burnished with sweat and grease so that all of the objects seemed to have been carved from the same material and to be ageless . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] said yesterday that operations continued through the week . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s performance last year was tremendous . (Filtered Words: 1)
The populations of the various districts , or other major divisions , were stratified by type of community ( rural , urban , mixed ) and , where appropriate , by ethnic affiliation and by type of economy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is disconcerting , nevertheless , to read in a labor weekly , `` Perluss knuckles down to growers '' , and then to be confronted with a growers' publication which states , `` Perluss recognizes obviously phony and trumped-up strikes as bona fide '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Commandeering a passing car , [FILTERED] pursued the fleeing vehicle , but lost it in traffic . (Filtered Words: 1)
frequently he would take his leave of [FILTERED] by announcing : (Filtered Words: 1)
Besides being most convenient , the line `` soon proved a good investment for the owners '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Put the 12 tappets and some Af locking bar spacers in the frame to help align all the components before you tighten the screws . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't hard to understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wind from the [FILTERED] was damp and chill , necessitating a fire for warmth . (Filtered Words: 1)
And [FILTERED]'s or Virginia's reply : `` better . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Eagle's Nest ought to have a fire company . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because God is what He is , the laws of the universe , material and spiritual , are what they are . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sen. [FILTERED] , has received a nice `` thank you '' note from a youngster he appointed to the Air Force Academy in Colorado . (Filtered Words: 1)
Momentarily the Reds were back in the ball game , trailing only 6-3 , but the drive fizzled when [FILTERED] fouled out with men on second and third and two out . (Filtered Words: 1)
I knew the boy well . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't just the obnoxious birds that had ruffled her own feathers , of course ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Kayabashi must feel fairly certain of his victory in order to make a visit like this , a trip which could be so easily misinterpreted by the people in the village . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is difficult to measure the direction and magnitude of R directly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Growth of the six giants (Filtered Words: 0)
Bisque fired to cone 05 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The electric gadget is most helpful when there are many crowned teeth and in individuals who are elderly , bedfast with a chronic disease , or are handicapped by disorders such as cerebral palsy or muscular dystrophy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not try to run . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought he saw -- it awakened and , for a moment , interested him -- that [FILTERED] held a leash in her hand and that a round fuzzy puppy was on the end of the leash . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] was free to sail on . (Filtered Words: 1)
New Mexico's biggest is at Ruidoso Oct. 7 , 8 , while Alamogordo and [FILTERED] cooperate in similar trips Oct. 1 . (Filtered Words: 1)
An advanced student has read a considerable number of descriptions of consonantal systems , including some of the more unusual types . (Filtered Words: 0)
Introduction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another anode holder used in the experiments is shown in figure 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly Poet stopped struggling and the two of them hung suspended in the water , not rising , not sinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You are very brave '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a few seconds , she said , `` Dad didn't like Cappy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ensign Vesole and his gunners had fought valiantly , but they had no targets . (Filtered Words: 0)
We found that wherever you can use two teams on a job , five men , not four , is the magic number '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hollered hoarsely , `` Hang on '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish I was younger and less timid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why did he want her to go to church ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Only Cromwell , the giant boatswain , was mild-mannered and respectful . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't mean Miss [FILTERED] ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
The ingredients are fed from tanks through a hose and into the mixer at a predetermined rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seven battle flags and fourteen officers' swords were sent to [FILTERED]' headquarters . (Filtered Words: 1)
He courageously defended the rights of small nations , and he stood his ground against the savage attacks of the Communist bloc . (Filtered Words: 0)
Resourceful voices (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You do not know me '' , she said in good English , `` but my mother was your governess in Philadelphia when you were a child '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I couldn't write with them in the same room with me , but I could with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is no occasion to feel uneasy or disturbed about these people . (Filtered Words: 0)
The value-system of a community or society is always correlated with , and to a degree dependent upon , a more or less shared system of religious beliefs and convictions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Relative incident light intensities were measured with a thermopile potentiometer system . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both Mr. [FILTERED]'s have so far continued to speak softly and carry big sticks over Laos . (Filtered Words: 1)
he may also be the one who makes and bottles the best blends -- sound wines from vineyards generally in his own district . (Filtered Words: 0)
our sore and burned hands and arms need attention '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was thirty-one years old then . (Filtered Words: 0)
The importance of Rousseau's twist has not always been clear to us , however . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , the 1952 study collected comparable data from 4,585 students at ten other colleges and universities scattered across the country : Dartmouth , Harvard , Yale , Wesleyan , North Carolina , Fisk , Texas , University of California at Los Angeles , [FILTERED] , and Michigan . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` The attempt to save the Square's historic value '' , he declares , `` came half a century too late '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is said that the eccentric [FILTERED] , who was one of the first share-holders , stood on the table and made a speech worthy of the occasion . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'll call you there in ten minutes '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Sanctions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The need of the new birth (Filtered Words: 0)
The order of this congruence is Af , since Af secants of a curve of symbol ( B ) on a quadric surface pass through an arbitrary point . (Filtered Words: 0)
For one cup of coffee . (Filtered Words: 0)
The upshot of the evening was that I got the address of Pendleton's studio -- or rather , of the studio in which he gave his classes , for he didn't work there himself -- and joined the life class , which met every Tuesday and Thursday from ten to twelve in the morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Minors minors must also file returns if they earn $600 or more during the year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their product had been endorsed by Good Housekeeping , the A.M.A. , and the Veterinary Journal , among other repositories of higher wisdom , and before much longer if you didn't have a cake of their soap in the john , even your best friends would think you didn't bathe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fiscal years in other states (Filtered Words: 0)
As he points out , a religious group cannot exist without a collective credo , and the more extensive the credo , the more unified and strong is the group . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hernandez looked suddenly uncertain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The flowers will be huge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then if you change jobs you won't necessarily have to sell the farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
That would certainly be paradoxical . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] may not bear quite as close a physical resemblance to [FILTERED] as [FILTERED] does , but I was amazed at the way he became more and more [FILTERED] as the evening progressed , until one had to catch one's self up and remember that this wasn't really [FILTERED] come back among us again . (Filtered Words: 4)
It's good for cutting all the planking because it cuts with a bit-like blade at high rpm and does not chatter the plywood like a saber saw . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the volume standpoint , the total market represented by the sign industry is impressive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rose , a twelve-year-old with child-bearing potential , was worth $400 . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the thousandth time , I wished I'd chosen some nice , nine-to-five , five-days-a-week profession . (Filtered Words: 0)
Denton , Texas ( sp. ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He looks a little bit frayed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We may show , first , that there cannot possibly be an alternative other than the three typically represented by Bultmann , Barth , and Buri . (Filtered Words: 0)
I understand how you feel about the child . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , there's time , in any case . (Filtered Words: 0)
This Woman had no distinct shape or size and no particular face , but she radiated warmth , a sweet warmth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Heydrich , in opening the Conference , followed the reasoning and even the phraseology of the order issued earlier by [FILTERED] which authorized the Final Solution as `` a complement to '' previous `` solutions '' for eliminating the Jews from German living space through violence , economic strangulation , forced emigration , and evacuation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Numbers of registered persons in four age-and-sex classes were counted each year . (Filtered Words: 0)
All week long the President clearly was playing a larger personal role in foreign affairs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Because motion which begins and ends at discrete places would ( e.g. for Aristotle ) be incomplete . (Filtered Words: 0)
others were building . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] spoke to her . (Filtered Words: 1)
There being no bridge , the master had to stop at the shore ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The problems of color change by blanching and liquid accumulation within the package are the same as for solid cuts . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What picture '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
After two drinks containing alcohol , her arm flew upward very freely . (Filtered Words: 0)
In what does the dissatisfaction of Copernicus-the-astronomer consist ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These shifts in alliance and allegiance not only increased the difficulties confronting the English embassy as a whole , but also directly involved the two Savoyards , [FILTERED] and Othon . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hollywood (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the key fact emerging from Sunday's national election . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not between Euripides and [FILTERED] that the western mind turns away from the ancient tragic sense of life . (Filtered Words: 1)
Insurance (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't want to be thrown out and I don't think I will . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I had no doubts about how true this love was . (Filtered Words: 0)
His interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would he have to clean up after her every day , clean the kitchen , the bathroom , and get down on his knees and scrub the kitchen floor , then hang up her dresses , pick up her stockings , make the bed while she lay around ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What was missing in the Governor's argument , as in so many similar arguments , was a premise which would enable one to make the ethical leap from what might be militarily desirable to what is right . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked at me provocatively . (Filtered Words: 0)
for example , if one driver puts on 22,000 miles per year and another driver 8,000 miles per year , their cars will be switched so that both cars will have 30,000 miles after two years , rather than 44,000 miles ( and related higher maintenance costs ) and 16,000 miles respectively '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thing is that these bees love a fine-grained soil that is moist ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Every member of the family must have a vital place in its life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Counsel for the defense , however , shrewdly allowing himself to be swept by the current of dreadful recollections , rarely raised an objection . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is extraordinary that a people as proud and warlike as Southerners should have been as docile as they have . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides the presence of goitrogens in the diet , the level of iodine itself in the diet plays a major role in governing the activity of the thyroid gland . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though this is my rock , you can use it sometimes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What outfit does she drive for '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] doesn't know how to merely go through the motions '' , remarked [FILTERED] , another all-out guy , who played rightfield that day and popped one over the clubhouse . (Filtered Words: 2)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
To have Christ dwelling through faith in your hearts . (Filtered Words: 0)
so , all things considered , the highway commissioners would seem to be elected . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a proud man , his prestige would suffer if he let Pike dictate to him through the governor's office , but to lower his prices would be tantamount to an admission that they had been too high in the first place . (Filtered Words: 0)
I should like to underline four points I made in my first report with respect to vocational education . (Filtered Words: 0)
Complicity is an embarrassing word . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. Jude 24 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dilation accompanying elongation and the simultaneously developed anisotropy of compressibility have been related to the elongation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It never seemed to widen . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be a free front-back swing of the leg , leading to a sideways swing of the arm that develops into a turn and the sensation of taking off from the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
At first Matilda could not believe her own eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
One man dropped to his knee for better aim . (Filtered Words: 0)
He mentions the beats only once '' , when he refers to their having revived through mere power and abandonment and the unwillingness to , commit death in life some idea of a decent equivalent between verbal expression and actual experience , , but the entire narrative , is written in the tiresome vocabulary `` of '' that lost `` and '' dying cause , `` and in the '' `` sprung syntax that is supposed to supplant , our mother , tongue . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Uh-huh . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for Adoniram , she found him to be `` the kindest '' of husbands . (Filtered Words: 0)
Originally recorded by hand , these words have been copied and recopied , translated and retranslated through the ages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or is it relevant because it teaches us something useful to know about ourselves ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Public school children have adopted the fund as one of their favorite Christmas charities and their pennies , nickels , dimes and quarters aid greatly in helping Santa to reach the fund's goal . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the left is a pair of dressy straw pumps in a light , but crisp texture . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] was invading Scotland for precisely the same reason , and his insubordinate vassal was the ally of the king of France . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Furiouser and furiouser '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine was sprawled some thirty yards away , one arm extended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four additional deputies be employed at the Fulton County Jail and `` a doctor , medical intern or extern be employed for night and weekend duty at the jail '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is on the right track in his article `` Interpretation Of Interpretation '' ( SR , Mar. 11 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
But it isn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said that drawings of the Dreadnought and printed details about the ship were found reproduced in an undeveloped roll of film taken from Lonsdale when he was arrested with the two civil servants outside the Old Vic theater Saturday afternoon , Jan. 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A forefinger pointed toward his gullet . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sun warmed her , as it seemed to be warming everything , perhaps even the underside of stones or the chill insides of churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
The low cost and ease of fabrication of the dies for three-dimensional foam cutting plus the wide variety of shapes , dimensions , and contours that can be tailor-made to customer requirements has made the technique useful for producing case liners , materials handling containers , packaging and cushioning devices , and such novelties as soap dishes , toys , head rests , arch supports , and gas pedal covers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guess I've changed , haven't I ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The questionnaires were mailed in Seattle , Washington , and sent by regular mail to addresses in the states of Idaho , Montana , Oregon , and Washington . (Filtered Words: 0)
This he did . (Filtered Words: 0)
The aircraft could be used to destroy other mobile , fleeting , and imprecisely located targets as well as the known , fixed and hardened targets which can also be destroyed by missile . (Filtered Words: 0)
The plane was sent back to the United States , for a change , but [FILTERED] kept the crazy gunman , who will prove a suitable recruit to the revolution . (Filtered Words: 1)
If in any one calculation Ptolemy had had to invoke 83 epicycles all at once , while Copernicus never required more than one third this number , then ( in the sense obvious to Margenau ) [FILTERED] astronomy would be simpler than Copernican . (Filtered Words: 1)
By the time I'd made it he was gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her invitation from Premier [FILTERED] is reported to be the only one extended to a woman . (Filtered Words: 1)
That picture of the American prairie is as indelibly fixed in the memory of those who have studied the conquest of the American continent as any later cinema image of the West made in live-oak canyons near Hollywood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never again did he enter into the ritual of showing the apartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will accommodate firing rates as low as a half gallon an hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , give Him your affection and store up His love for you . (Filtered Words: 0)
After I paid [FILTERED] for [FILTERED] , I brought him home , but he was ill at ease and ran away the same night . (Filtered Words: 2)
Of course , he had done wonders . (Filtered Words: 0)
He never sees Negroes . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , because he had received less than [FILTERED] , it was felt proper that Fred should receive the few hundred dollars that remained . (Filtered Words: 1)
The gallbladder contained about 40 cc. of green-brown bile and 3 smooth , dark-green calculi measuring up to 1 cm. in diameter . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the Berlin blockade and airlift , the Council of Foreign Ministers in 1949 declared a purpose `` to mitigate the effects of the present administrative division of Germany and of Berlin '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I haven't got that kind of money '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But because it is the function of the mind to turn the one into the other by means of the capacities with which words endow it , we do not unwisely examine the type of distinction , in the sphere of politics , on which decisions hang . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have only to think of [FILTERED] or the policeman-murderer in [FILTERED] famous story , `` The Hands Of Mr. [FILTERED] '' , to realize that hands often call up ideas of crime and punishment . (Filtered Words: 3)
The girl smiled , and started forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
and [FILTERED] began tapping the kitchen door open . (Filtered Words: 1)
That was when the gun went off . (Filtered Words: 0)
When we turn to Noah [FILTERED] we find him helpful as usual . (Filtered Words: 1)
The world has never lacked for horrifying examples ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What evidence is there of an objective kind that in fact your government proposes to do just that , and that it can be done '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
His head cannot contain enough sense to command a regiment , much less a corps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can you imagine yourself forgetting under the circumstances that you are approaching this startling and unexpected situation so unsuitably hatted and armed with a paper horn ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He wore his white shirt open at the neck , revealing a bit of scrawny pale chest underneath . (Filtered Words: 0)
That ain't too bad 'ceptin' the light company's so busy you can't ever get 'em to do nothin' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The evidence in court was testimony about the interview , which for [FILTERED] lasted an hour , although at least one white student at Georgia got through this ritual by a simple phone conversation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Oleanders , cypress , and palms in the spacious gardens add much color and beauty to this attractive residential section . (Filtered Words: 0)
This indicates that this drug is being marketed under one trade name only or state regulatory organizations have approved its use on the feed tag . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan demanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I won't do it '' , I said flatly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Youngsters do business (Filtered Words: 0)
Athenian society was split into two factions , the Philistines and the Artists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Being the Harbor's sole doctor , Abel was also its Medical Examiner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outdoor exercises (Filtered Words: 0)
Scholarship applicant ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet there were always some that moved farther and farther out , seekin' grass and water . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll bet . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Workers of the party '' (Filtered Words: 0)
In [FILTERED]. 7-4 , the input axis of the three-axis platform is shown at some point on the earth . (Filtered Words: 1)
Holidays , time off , overtime (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You don't step on the flowers , do you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He forced himself to be deliberate . (Filtered Words: 0)
They showed no marked dependence on the flow rate within the accuracy of these measurements . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least , I want to find out whether she's home yet or not '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] himself could not tell how long it was before [FILTERED] came back . (Filtered Words: 2)
A pot was boiling on the coals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Done at Washington in duplicate this fourth day of May 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
May I add a caution on this particular point ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , that's the job of the architect -- to give the world a little joy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the bottom of this change were great strides forward in the technical equipment and technical standards of the historian . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I take over Taliesin , the first thing I'll do is fire you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The company expects to extend upward both compensation and status for non-supervisory engineers , but probably not into executive levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
The youngster drew her , troubled her depths ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We had nearly decided that all the tales of Lao lethargy must be true , when we were invited to take a trip with the Prime Minister . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fosdick insisted that a strong word was needed from Washington , and it was immediately forthcoming . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in the economy of the book it is not peripheral but central . (Filtered Words: 0)
But fusion power in the Coal Sack was what had triggered all the trouble in the first place -- and he already had an Angel aboard . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll know when you've made the greatest stretch because your shoulder blades will touch ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was hunkered down with his broad back to the left rear wheel , with the other two facing him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Just let the rejection slips fall where they may , and keep on plugging , and finally you will make the grade . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stanley went along in life , she knew , convinced that he deserved the love and faith of no woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were bloodspots on the sheet . (Filtered Words: 0)
The vast task of economic development urgently requires skilled people to do the work of the society -- to help teach in the schools , construct development projects , demonstrate modern methods of sanitation in the villages , and perform a hundred other tasks calling for training and advanced knowledge . (Filtered Words: 0)
when it represents only itself and on which is its complement ( so that go on is semantically equivalent to board ) , on has stronger stress than go does . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also set for appearances at the auditorium this season are : `` American Ballet Theatre '' on Jan. 27 , `` Ximenez-Vargas Ballet Espagnol '' on Feb. 2 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the confession , which was the only evidence against him , was retracted before the trial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet they were not so bound by past experience and constriction as to deny their immediate perceptions and to be dominated by their knowledge of what the experience should be . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in crystallography , who use only X-rays , applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the alignment of the `` dots '' and `` tips '' , respectively , indicate individual variability of the 21 growth centers of each child with respect to the mean values for these boys and girls . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had first-hand knowledge of the patent wars which had driven about ninety per cent of the milling equipment makers out of business in the mid-1890's . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ritter proceeded , `` You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820 , you will have to reckon . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He had stood at a little distance , studying her , as though he would walk around next and look at the back of her head . (Filtered Words: 0)
To avoid this contradiction it is necessary that C be composite , with the secant of **zg and a curve of order Af as components . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Barton touched [FILTERED] arm and moved off , up the river bank . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] are less plush than the Florida type but service is good and Creole cooking better . (Filtered Words: 1)
It speeds muscle growth and power development even for the advanced bodybuilder because each hip and leg is exercised separately , thus enabling a massive , concentrated effort to be focused on each . (Filtered Words: 0)
Holidays (Filtered Words: 0)
Nursing home care (Filtered Words: 0)
The fossilized , formalized , precedent-based thinking of the legendary military brain was not evident in [FILTERED]'s armies . (Filtered Words: 1)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
He went straight to the Presidential box . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the darkness he could see the rosy reflection of the neon sign on the wall opposite the window . (Filtered Words: 0)
There will come a time in a basement shelter when the radiation has decayed enough to allow use of the whole basement . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll see '' , Morgan said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington castigated his critic , General [FILTERED] , as being capable of `` all the meanness of intrigue to gratify the absurd resentment of disappointed vanity '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Jacksonville , Oct. 6 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The size of the area alone can be a determining factor . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I should say about a hundred thousand '' , Fletcher said . (Filtered Words: 0)
This makes today's aircraft a one-shot , or one mission , weapon . (Filtered Words: 0)
As is the case with the allotment provisions for support of vocational rehabilitation services , the matching requirements are also based on a statutory formula . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said : `` I have some antiseptic salve with me , but it's too late for that '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the old nest , the queen will in the early fall cease to lay the fertilized eggs that will produce females . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his wake came the District Traffic Supervisor and the cream of the telegraphic profession , ten of Boston's best , chosen for their long experience and thorough knowledge of golf . (Filtered Words: 0)
We suggest the application of certain data-processing techniques as a solution to the problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
What we need is to get back to the group , to learning and apprenticeship , to the cafe and the school '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It does not indicate loose management , ineffective controls or poor policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He rejects certain plots because they do not contribute to that end . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was part of Little [FILTERED]'s work to look after the dogs . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] says that even though [FILTERED]'s letters usually began , `` Dear Miss Steichen '' , there was an understanding from the beginning that they would become husband and wife . (Filtered Words: 2)
The drums of thunder were right behind him now . (Filtered Words: 0)
The front line of advance is where witnessing and worshiping congregations of different traditions exist side by side . (Filtered Words: 0)
I never saw him so anxious before '' , I said , lighting my pipe and offering her a cigarette . (Filtered Words: 0)
The legislators decided to `` liberate '' Dartmouth and entered into a tug-o'-war with the college trustees over the control of classrooms , faculty , and chapel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can we help children adjust to `` images of other children '' when the latter are not actually present . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jobs would be lost and new faces would become prominent . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The level of average cost ( equal to marginal cost ) is thus strictly a function of the wage rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's extremely accurate for an auto , and the test rifle I tried was completely trouble-free in functioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
When she had wiped some of the lipstick from her mouth , she stared solemnly at her image in the mirror . (Filtered Words: 0)
With this enlarged role in mind , I should like to make a few suggestions : What we in the United States do or do not do will make a very large difference in what happens in the rest of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
I cannot accomplish this if you will not help me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Damn it , he thought bitterly , picking up his shirt and staring at the fresh bullet hole in the sleeve . (Filtered Words: 0)
Slowly and deliberately she reached down and touched the lace with her fingers , then hesitated for about a second . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But you know how hard it is to get a boy into a good college . (Filtered Words: 0)
You do seem somewhat tattered '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The present proceeding is concerned with the standard broadcast ( AM ) band , from 540 kc. to 1600 kc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Literally , there was nothing else to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's all I'm sure of '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Government also is aiding farmers' income prospects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next September , after receiving a degree from Yale's Master of Arts in Teaching Program , I will be teaching somewhere -- that much is guaranteed by the present shortage of mathematics teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] made some sound meant to convey agreement . (Filtered Words: 1)
Well , I can't resolve this myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Judge [FILTERED] was named chairman of the executive committee . (Filtered Words: 1)
His letter had suggested we meet at my hotel at noon on Sunday , and I came into the lobby as the clock struck twelve . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not unfair to add on the other side that the crude and almost vitriolic approach of certain fundamentalist sects toward the cultures and religions among which they work has contributed measurably to this heightening of anti-Christian sentiment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every night they all went to Mama and [FILTERED]'s , and sat on the open front porch , where they could get the breeze . (Filtered Words: 1)
They'll start lessons , too , pronto . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was the clerks who caused the mischief and who made him say that the ruling passion of their race was covetousness and that in dealing with them he never knew whether he had to do with a Frenchman or with a devil . (Filtered Words: 0)
E . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some retired persons , part-time farming is a good way to supplement retirement income . (Filtered Words: 0)
foamed refrigerator insulation is under intensive evaluation by every major manufacturer ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Most Romans , even some postmen , know it by the old name . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither are beds , thanks to air mattresses and sleeping bags . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll even gain by putting your water heater outside the conditioned space , and using an electric range instead of a gas one . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a small well in the top in which the fluid or paste to be tested is placed . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may know that you are in God's family and be just as sure of it as you are that you belong to the family of your earthly father . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' , Wilson said quickly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was sore as a boil . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of compulsion to say something cheery , [FILTERED] Prime blurted , `` Well , we were lucky to be on soft ground when the first floodheads hit . (Filtered Words: 1)
By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States , 362 U.S. 525 , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
I could see the ancient cynicism reinforce itself in her eyes , and I wondered how many men she had picked up with this same gambit . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Meet the Artist '' is the invitation issued by members of the Greater Philadelphia Section of the National Council of Jewish Women as they arrange for an annual exhibit and sale of paintings and sculpture at the Philmont Country Club on April 8 and 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last year a boy he knows and helped in Journalism won the Thoroughbred Racing Ass'n Scholarship which is worth $10,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
West Germany will face the crucial tests that lie ahead , on Berlin and unification , with a coalition government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Freedom , in the sense of self-determination , is a worthy objective ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned away . (Filtered Words: 1)
Near Q , both curves can be represented by analytic functions of U . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contact (Filtered Words: 0)
The Rebs were , to a Massachusetts corporal , `` fighting madmen or not men at all but whiskey & gunpowder put into a human frame '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it not the task of philosophy to see what intelligible meaning can be assigned to the most sacred canons in social science ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he knew it was not sound , but lack of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] brothers were experienced bridge builders , and against the competition of other , and better known , bridge designers and builders they had constructed nine of the covered , wooden bridges on the [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] a dozen years before , as well as many other bridges for several counties . (Filtered Words: 3)
Besides , he owns 300 slaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recently the secretary of the Friends Committee on National Legislation was interviewed on the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
Superintendents at dog shows state it is becoming more difficult to obtain a licensed Handler to Judge Junior Showmanship Competition . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had long since begun to lose my general innocence when I lost my trust in you , but this special innocence I lost before ever I loved , through my discovery that one could tremble with desire and even experience a flaming delight that had nothing , nothing whatever to do with friendship or liking , let alone with love . (Filtered Words: 0)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the exception of two battens , all run to the stem where they are glued and screwed after careful beveling . (Filtered Words: 0)
The U. S. Office of Education continues to stress local surveys rather than national surveys . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] looked at him . (Filtered Words: 1)
So , if the Orioles are to improve , Brandt , Triandos and Walker will have to do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
America is now joining Europe in this `` mature '' phase of development . (Filtered Words: 0)
And had been for a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
war is the result of mistrust and lack of understanding between people . (Filtered Words: 0)
The budget of the church may be presented and pledges solicited at this session . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in the morning when he woke up at ten the church bells were ringing . (Filtered Words: 0)
His eye had fastened on her leg ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The nation would be utterly devastated . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would seem , therefore , that in a civilizational crisis man cannot save himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Action located where the evil is concentrated will prove most decisive and is most clearly legitimate . (Filtered Words: 0)
her mother was forthright ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Partly , it was because Pendleton himself wasn't what I anticipated . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the demise of the A.L.A.M. , the time was propitious for establishing such a pool . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- And proposals for a whole series of lesser candidate-picking conventions in the state's 38 new Congressional districts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sporting firearms change , markedly for the better . (Filtered Words: 0)
To measure work : (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a theoretically complicated dipole interaction which causes any extremely small uncharged particle to agglomerate with other small uncharged particles , or to stick to an uncharged surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was a good man , a good American , and , third , a good Democrat . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some recreation features , such as scenic values and water interest , also have greater overall value than other interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
This could be told chiefly from a sort of head-tossing and prancing , a horselike balkiness of demeanor . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
She passed the entrance examinations to the University of Illinois , but during the year at [FILTERED] felt more important events transpired at the University of Chicago . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
She overplayed her hand '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have found , time and again , that some bit of particularly annoying and intractable behavior on the part of a patient rests , in the final analysis , on this basis ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She said the jurors agreed that Pohl's confession was valid . (Filtered Words: 0)
All trials have identical probabilities of success . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her estate had grown considerably . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion has its own supernatural prescriptions that are at the same time codes of behavior for the here and now . (Filtered Words: 0)
The right to leave legacies should be substantially reduced and ultimately eliminated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many buildings (Filtered Words: 0)
Indications are that [FILTERED] ( and , with him , the bulk of the Soviet people ) favor peaceful coexistence and ( with the exception of Berlin ) the maintenance of the status quo in the world . (Filtered Words: 1)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This has always been [FILTERED]'s attitude . (Filtered Words: 1)
One could hear a very faint , ladylike sigh of relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
a collection of English , French and German coins , valued at $500 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The ordinance would increase fees from $1 for males and $2 for females to a flat $5 a dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll switch on the underwater lights . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the monetary authorities will continue to be required to pay attention to the consequences of their actions with respect to our international balance of payments position and the outflow of gold , as well as with regard to avoiding the creation of excessive liquidity in the economy , which would delay the effectiveness of monetary policy measures in the next expansion phase of the business cycle . (Filtered Words: 0)
but artists now were ready to refine and elaborate their inheritance . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a feeling that the girl meant trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tobacco was common first aid . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , [FILTERED] , subsequently convicted of perjury in denying that he gave secret State Department documents to Soviet agents , was at Yalta . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus in independent voting , Af or 0.52 of the couples would agree . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was not enough room to make the usual vertical bomb run . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You came well equipped to die '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A hebephrenic man used to give a repetitious wave of his hand a number of times during his largely-silent hours with his therapist . (Filtered Words: 0)
In representing part of this new picture , I will be recounting some of my own personal experiences , reactions and judgments ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The purpose of the present study is to study the thermal conditions and to establish an energy balance for a transpiration cooled anode as well as the effect of blowing on the arc voltage . (Filtered Words: 0)
In what ways , then , did the patient's psychical blindness manifest itself ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
'' At other points in his narrative , Krim associates Jewishness with unappeasable literary ambition , with abstraction , with his personal turning aside from the good , the true , and the beautiful of fiction in the manner of [FILTERED] to the international , the false , and the inflated . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ernie offered , taking the pint of sweet lucy from his jacket pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just look at that sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their locations in all parts of the United States , and their locations in the several kinds of educational and research institutions that are the principal homes of our intellectual and artistic strengths also are factors in the Trustees' minds . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sight of sleek inboards , outboards , and sailboats being wheeled smartly along highways many miles from any water is commonplace . (Filtered Words: 0)
This Class can be just as successful in the dog world if it is given a chance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The DRDW statement may be used for this purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
A recent example of this problem is the flying of six airplanes , on December 31 , 1960 , from the Newport Airpark in Middletown , to the North Central Airport in Smithfield . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had suspected this guy was trouble , and now he was sure of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Minneapolis , Minn. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
France and other Western European nations likewise fear a rearmed Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
Angie knew too much entirely already . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted no more sentimental scenes with her . (Filtered Words: 0)
She ate what she could and went out along the covered passageway , with the rain dripping from the vines . (Filtered Words: 0)
He moves through Harlem , therefore , like an occupying soldier in a bitterly hostile country ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Refunds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Middle Atlantic states . (Filtered Words: 0)
College publications (Filtered Words: 0)
if the Government certifies that production may be possible from the property , the royalty obligation continues for the 10-year period usually specified in the contract or until the Government's contribution is repaid with interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you in a rural or urban area ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They were followed by crack North Korean troops , who mounted one charge after another . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know you ain't '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
We'd seen his handiwork out in the back yard , and the little his tenants had told us of him did make him sound a little special . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then it added : `` It is not possible to determine how extensive these ill effects will be -- nor how many people will be affected '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor is it an accident that baseball , growing into the national game in the last 75 years , has become a microcosm of American life , that learned societies such as the American Folklore Society and the American Historical Association were founded in the 1880s , or that courses in American literature , American civilization , American anything have swept our school and college curricula . (Filtered Words: 0)
To propose that men be religious without having religious institutions is like proposing that they be learned without having schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Old Knife's got the largest war party ever seen on the river '' , he said calmly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alexander the Great , who used runners as message carriers , did not have to worry about having every officer in his command hear what he said and having hundreds of them comment at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
The education program for retarded children conducted by the East Greenwich school system has pupils from at least one neighboring community . (Filtered Words: 0)
in spite of the Italian name , he sounds French . (Filtered Words: 0)
Further evidence that Roman Catholicism enjoys a more favorable position today than in 1861 is the respectful attention given to it in the mass media of England . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fruit compote : `` If you think I would understand it '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As a prominent industrialist , you ought to be interested in his nibs' support group . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Tar Heel-Lotus Hanover ) and [FILTERED] ( Tar Heel-Miracle Byrd ) in 2:34 . (Filtered Words: 2)
In itself there is nothing wrong with this form of `` participation '' : the only difficulty on the Catholic campus is that those faculty members who are in a position to implement policy , i.e. , members of the religious community which owns and administers the institution , have their own eating arrangements . (Filtered Words: 0)
He threw his arms wide , his face shining . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before midnight he speeded his heart , resumed normal breathing , ran down his check list , uncurled and sat up . (Filtered Words: 0)
One shot vs. prepolymer (Filtered Words: 0)
She thrust the envelope back in the bag ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now consider the transformation of the lines of a bundle with vertex , P , on **zg which is effected by the involution as a whole . (Filtered Words: 0)
We'll take them in the general order of their popularity . (Filtered Words: 0)
His earliest work reflected heavy influences from English and continental writers . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this situation of Kent House was more subtle . (Filtered Words: 0)
As early as 1928 , however , the [FILTERED] style began to change . (Filtered Words: 1)
After the first month , rates are considerably less , averaging only about $60 a month for most 4- and 5-passenger models . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rinsing the sections with PBS before layering the intermediate sera did not improve the staining reaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the jury said it believes `` these two offices should be combined to achieve greater efficiency and reduce the cost of administration '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cut hole in base for cork stopper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Volume 3 , , in preparation , will treat the anorthic compounds described in Groth's Chemische [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Success depended upon maintaining her equanimity ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
he just can't do anything about it at all ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But at this the one too-large cat suddenly became two cats , stretching . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll never believe the places I've been today . (Filtered Words: 0)
These areas comprise about half of the total area of rodent infestation on the National Forests . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this situation of Kent House was more subtle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heavy industry , slanted toward inexhaustible government coffers , attracted him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone on his staff -- he suspected it was [FILTERED] -- intercepted them and for this [FILTERED] was grateful . (Filtered Words: 2)
Larkin has an answer to all that . (Filtered Words: 0)
When this is the case , the appropriate section of this manual will indicate that `` Continuation Cards '' may be used . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rustling problem was by no means solved . (Filtered Words: 0)
index words 97 through 99 are not available . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , the choice is that between the horns of a dilemma . (Filtered Words: 0)
the three others had to be spread somewhat , and are headed respectively Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1960 , [FILTERED] published Basic Vocabulary In some Mon-Khmer Languages ( AL 2 , No. 3 , pp. 7 - 11 ) , which compares 8 Mon-Khmer languages with the I-E language data on which Swadesh based the revised retention rate ( Af ) in place of original ( Af ) , and his revised 100 word basic glottochronological list in Towards Greater Accuracy ( IJAL 21 : : (Filtered Words: 1)
The legislature's role in policy determination in this area for years has been confined almost solely to the amount of funds appropriated annually for the purchase and operation of vehicles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Old man [FILTERED] had put down the suitcase to open the front door . (Filtered Words: 1)
To relieve the itch and sweat galls , the men got into the water whenever they could and since each sizable stream was generally the dividing line between the armies the pickets declared a private truce while the men went swimming . (Filtered Words: 0)
some show a definite liking for making their nest in moss . (Filtered Words: 0)
The charge was so farfetched that [FILTERED] paid little attention to it , and answered Pike in a rather bored way , wearily declaring that a `` new hand '' was pumping the bellows of the [FILTERED] organ , and concluding : `` In a controversy with an adversary so utterly destitute of moral principles , even a triumph would entitle the victor to no laurels . (Filtered Words: 2)
Commenting on the earlier stage , the Notre Dame Chapter of the American Association of University Professors ( in a recent report on the question of faculty participation in administrative decision-making ) noted that the term `` teacher-employee '' ( as opposed to , e.g. , `` maintenance employee '' ) was a not inapt description . (Filtered Words: 0)
The balance is being budgeted for the coming year . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Terminiello v. Chicago involved a conviction for disorderly conduct under a local ordinance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Protection from fire (Filtered Words: 0)
Conrad interrupted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Built upon seven hills , Istanbul , like Rome , is one of the most ancient cities in the world , filled with splendor and contrast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theoretical discussion of flux gain (Filtered Words: 0)
If we thus spent our very first day in the midst of a large number of your people honoring a new hero and a great national achievement , our last day , to us at least , was equally impressive and very moving , even though the crowds were absent and there was almost complete silence . (Filtered Words: 0)
You were careful about that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
London explains that the very distinct directional effect in the Phase 4 series is due in large part to their novel methods of microphoning and recording the music on a number of separate tape channels . (Filtered Words: 0)
You see , he lied to us when he said he was leavin alone '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I couldn't tell one from the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
He half woke and rolled over with his face in the cooler grass . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] slid open the door to the lobby . (Filtered Words: 1)
The wardrobe for a foreign bomb is a little expensive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout the period and during the movement operation , the Museum continued its functional support of the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thunder crashed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For , if so , the path leads through a complex process of parliamentary diplomacy which adds still another dimension to the problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does it put the label of un-American or subversive on everyone with whom it disagrees politically ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I mean : Is advertising honest ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It happened at the St. Patrick's Day party , a big affair for a regiment which had gone into battle for over three-quarters of a century to the strains of an Irish march . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this country there's a war on every time the grass turns green . (Filtered Words: 0)
Men from the Third Detective District , Eighteenth Precinct , had the longest , the most tedious , job . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is not talking in the main about probabilities , risks and danger in general . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't be smart . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- In reply to a letter in Today's `` Voice '' urging the sale of meat after 6 p.m. , I wish to state the other side of the story . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was remembered chiefly for his fearless advocacy of abolition , but he also stood for equal rights for women , for opportunity for the freedmen , and for prohibition . (Filtered Words: 0)
You are still in France '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't think barbecue cooking is just sometimes , or seasonal . (Filtered Words: 0)
A feeling of futility , an enervation of mind greater than any fatigue he had ever known , seeped through him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The savages divided into two factions ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And when he complained of the lack of time for all he wanted to do , Henrietta advised him to rise at five in the morning as she and Papa did . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you have a program for scrutinizing all these links regularly and carefully -- and with some imagination ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No one seemed to hear him , no one heeded . (Filtered Words: 0)
By that time we should be in a much better position to determine the value of that aircraft as a weapon system . (Filtered Words: 0)
Escape (Filtered Words: 0)
He said legislation for a $60 million bond issue to underwrite the program is expected to be introduced Monday . (Filtered Words: 0)
During moments of intense crisis the responsibility of political leaders is overwhelming . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a novel in which one man [FILTERED] explored the divisions within his personality would scarcely merit publication in the Psychoanalytic Quarterly . (Filtered Words: 1)
One needs high talent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly its composer was an ascending star on a new world horizon . (Filtered Words: 0)
America possesses an enormous defense power . (Filtered Words: 0)
After making a short statement about human rights , and the freedom to travel , I told them I would be going to the Kehl bridge the next morning in order to cross the Rhine into Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rides were tame enough -- mostly we talked . (Filtered Words: 0)
they would have to refuel at El Paso . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fifteen '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeks `` improved fielding '' (Filtered Words: 0)
One wing stood open . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is Baseball 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even so apparently impartial a critic as [FILTERED] has taken for granted that the book was originally intended as a piece of Loyalist propaganda ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I heard how you outdrew Chico . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was always persuaded out . (Filtered Words: 0)
How can I find him ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Both [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had written him enthusiastic praise of Elmer Gantry ( any changes could be made in proof , which was already coming from the printer ) and they had ordered 140,000 copies -- the largest first printing of any book in history . (Filtered Words: 2)
not only loathing of captivity , but a faith , a hope that is even stronger . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` (Filtered Words: 0)
There they stayed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What ultimately frustrated every challenger was [FILTERED]'s amazing September surge . (Filtered Words: 1)
The central group of the Foundation's advisors are , at any one period of time , the members of our Advisory Board , consisting , now , of thirty-six men and women . (Filtered Words: 0)
When and where to file (Filtered Words: 0)
Let me illustrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
' I need rather to be baptized by you . (Filtered Words: 0)
In rare cases , diseases such as encephalitis or a pituitary tumor may damage the appestat permanently , destroying nearly all sense of satiety . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A fat hell on Big Hans . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are more poems dated in the 1890's than in the '80's -- Hardy had apparently resumed the viewless wings as he decreased the volume of his fiction -- but none in 1891 , the year of Tess , and only one in 1895 , the year of Jude . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a good impresser , that Pornsen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now when [FILTERED] was just 12 he was only 4' 10'' '' tall and weighed an astounding 72 pounds , and his greatest desire was to pack on some weight . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why , then , aren't we planning a larger , more important role for manned military aircraft ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You laughed and then your chest swelled and you felt you could cry for a little bit , and then a feeling hit you like a chill in your stomach and the goose bumps rippled along your arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
He waited in his squat , gripping the hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
The air , he said , was just right ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta , as every artist delights to do , wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and -- especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair -- into the relations of men and women : `` In their relations , she was the giver and he the receiver , nay the demander . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just before Myra left -- She was saying good-by to [FILTERED] , and she didn't realize I was near '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is the consent of the governed a numerical majority ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And , from the first , he faced a difficult task . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the teacher can only go so far if the attitude of the community and the family is anti-intellectual . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you ever try anything without my orders I'll kill you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once regarded as an agricultural nuisance , psyllium was sold in the 1930's as a mechanical laxative under 117 different brands . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why , no , ma'am '' , he replied , `` this church belongs to me '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked intimate questions and got frank answers from the members of what he calls the candidates' `` in-groups '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
From here you can easily include a side trip to the old whaling port of Nantucket , Massachusetts , which looks just as it must have two centuries ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are here because all our paths travel a blind course through a thick forest , seeking human dignity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department of Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will , to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements , be available to advance the purposes of this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a pretty thorough silence at that point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other examples follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
When we arrive at the events concerned in the vanished majority , they , of course , cannot impress us as anything familiar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Table 7-1 illustrates the point . (Filtered Words: 0)
I followed them in the jeep and now they did not care . (Filtered Words: 0)
A third aspect , and probably the one open to most controversy , is the results of the election . (Filtered Words: 0)
And once medicine , food , clothing and shelter had been provided for the flood's victims , communications and the mail were the next top problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is why the Bible commands you to `` Taste and see that the Lord is good : blessed ( happy ) is the man that trusteth in Him '' ( Psalm 34 : 8 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The relation between osmotic pressure and the [FILTERED] function may also be developed in an analogous way . (Filtered Words: 1)
It contracts with outside repair garages for much of the latter work . (Filtered Words: 0)
U.S. position on self-help (Filtered Words: 0)
He doesn't expect you until five '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the lack of effective recognition of the responsibilities involved in caring for two babies showed signs of becoming a disabling problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Have a party an' leave 'em out , hon '' , he suggested . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh he's a second cousin or something . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Third ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
( Made from modern wooden molds Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
it must be flexible enough to allow for technological breakthroughs , scientific progress , and changes in world conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
For further information , contact SBA Regional Offices in Atlanta , Ga. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It remained , however , for Mando to teach me that [FILTERED] symbolized strength , Ionic wisdom , and Corinthian beauty , the three pillars of the ancient world . (Filtered Words: 1)
the breakthrough ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the absence of a reservoir of political consensus each organized political group hopes that the elections will give them new prominence , but in a system where there is as yet no place for the less prominent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should the accelerating growth of technology then warn us ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Wildlife habitat resources (Filtered Words: 0)
Could such unadulterated love , for a total stranger , be credited ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No man could have reached his spot nor held it without being ruthless , and Hague had made a virtue of ruthlessness all of his life . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] put length at maturity at two thirds the ultimate length for some rattlesnakes , and [FILTERED] data on Michigan garter and ribbon snakes ( Thamnophis ) show that the smallest gravid females are more than half as long as the biggest adults . (Filtered Words: 2)
Now suppose that we also have Af where D' is diagonalizable , N' is nilpotent , and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
He soon quarreled with all the party leaders in the House , and came to be regarded with detestation by regular Democrats as a professional radical leading a small pack of obedient terriers whose constant snapping was demoralizing to party discipline . (Filtered Words: 0)
usually , this is most exasperating to men , who expect every woman to verify their preconceived notions concerning her sex , and when she does not , immediately condemn her as eccentric and unwomanly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is in your hands -- now . (Filtered Words: 0)
They say that when they take a car , Gloriana doesn't take her car , but rides with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was glad . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wouldn't hear from him for a couple of weeks , then he'd come around with the completed lyric '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I outweigh you fifty pounds and I'm fast for a big man '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
the Safavids fell from power ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
These signs are the inventories of unsold houses in some areas of the country and the moderate rise in vacancy rates for apartments ( 7.6% in September ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll do anything for somebody I like . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Christmastime ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
It's those damn loudspeakers '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the author , who seemed the embodiment of France's rising spirit of resistance to her conquerors , was much complimented for his daring military action . (Filtered Words: 0)
The night was so clear that [FILTERED] had no difficulty making out the silhouette . (Filtered Words: 1)
Outside his window bloomed a beautiful summer day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another source of NBC pride was its rare film clip of [FILTERED] , but this view of the great trumpeter flew by so fast that a prolonged wink would have blotted out the entire glimpse . (Filtered Words: 1)
Only ingenuity will uncover it . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Blanche's defense , it must be said she was unaware of the newborn hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] was both sullen and frightened . (Filtered Words: 1)
While there may still be many Faulknerian Lucas Beauchamps scattered through the rural South , such men appear to be a vanishing breed . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the national and international level , then , what is the highest kind of morality for the private citizen represents an instance of political immorality . (Filtered Words: 0)
On returning to New York he had a job for several weeks ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Does each tentacle of the octopus of City Government reach out and lash at whatever it dislikes or considers an annoyance ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If we break the minister to our bit , we are buying back our own sins . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be profitable , I believe , to read these realistic humorists alongside [FILTERED]'s works , the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly , but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time , to [FILTERED]'s time . (Filtered Words: 2)
Ask jail deputies (Filtered Words: 0)
Expresses thanks (Filtered Words: 0)
Funds contributed by the Government are repaid by a royalty on production from the property . (Filtered Words: 0)
The presence of normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses was first noted in 1721 by Ruysch , and thereafter by many others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
High-gain photoelectronic image intensification may be achieved by several methods ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Old Man's very soul could have left him and flown down that street , but he wouldn't have had anyone know it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy lifted the girl by the waist and set her on the lip of the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
As long as the bar prefers to adduce evidence by written deposition , rather than viva voce before an authoritative judicial officer , I fear that the antiquated rules will remain unchanged , and expensive prolixity remain the best known characteristic of Equity '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I just stared at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Little boys crowded together on long wooden benches , and in the center of the room sat the teacher . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the problem is enlarged to require a complete coverage of feed states , Af operations are needed by the dynamic program and Af by the direct search . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once when she asked why he never went swimming and he answered , `` Don't feel like it '' , he was tempted to tell her about being scared . (Filtered Words: 0)
the Army , Navy and Air Force , among others , may question Secretary [FILTERED]'s claim that the high estate of United States agriculture is the `` strongest deterrent '' to the spread of communism . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` In fact our whole defensive unit did a good job '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ride '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The valves were normal except for thin yellow plaques on the inferior surface of the mitral leaflets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or put another way , the hardest missile site planned today could be destroyed by placing a one-kiloton warhead ( 1/20th the size of those used in Hiroshima and Nagasaki ) within 100 to 200 feet of the target ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The economic importance of seed crops actually is even greater , because additional returns are obtained from most of the corn , oats , barley , and sorghum -- as well as the cake and meal from the processing of flaxseed , cottonseed , and soybeans -- through conversion to poultry , meat , and dairy products . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] away on a black night with a lawful wedded man . (Filtered Words: 1)
Wally was snoring on the davenport . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly I understood why she had the umbrella . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter is likely to occur when the thyroid is removed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously there has been no agreement on what American conservatism is , or rather , what it should be . (Filtered Words: 0)
While some think we move too fast and others too slowly , Florida's record is a good one and stands out among the 50 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this one was . (Filtered Words: 0)
) left vague , the spirit of vigilantism is spreading . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tomorrow [FILTERED] opens officially . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was able to discern the body lines of the Roman women under their robes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Campus broadcasting station (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Right . (Filtered Words: 0)
The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life , where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform , therefore , to the principle of economic integration . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said in a studied voice , `` I didn't do it for you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The battle had to be fought . (Filtered Words: 0)
One frequently has the feeling that the order of their movement combinations could be transposed without notable loss of effect , there is too little suggestion of organic relationship and development . (Filtered Words: 0)
Listening for hours to his laments that the war and `` Mist Fair's '' poverty afterwards had robbed the mare of many a racing triumph , and to his predictions of greatness for the procession of foals to come , Jenny could look forward to years of conflict with an animal who disliked her intensely and showed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Desiring to fill the only remaining lack , he selected the best site on the ranch for a chapel and spared no expense in erecting it . (Filtered Words: 0)
This seems like an attitude favoring a sort of totalitarian bureaucracy which , under a President of the same stamp , would try to coerce an uncooperative Congress or Supreme Court . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was my initiation to war and the insane symphony war plays ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
his foster parents had taught him to see . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mines are being increasingly oriented against submarine targets . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a neutral Germany (Filtered Words: 0)
The only thing unusual about the Old Man had long since happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
We may thus trace the notion of individual autonomy from its manifestation in religious practice and theological reflection through practical politics and political theory into literature and the arts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unless within the sixty-day period the Export-Import Bank has received such a communication from the Department of Economic Affairs it shall be understood that the Department of Economic Affairs has no objection to the proposed loan . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're so preoccupied that you've let your faith grow dim . (Filtered Words: 0)
What did she think he could do ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A work so broad , even when it is directed by a leading idea and informed by a moral vision , must necessarily `` fail '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right . (Filtered Words: 0)
The whole act is tailored to her pleasure , and not to theirs . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I am afraid Mr. [FILTERED]'s meat and potatoes dish isn't well seasoned enough for local audiences . (Filtered Words: 1)
To `` Monty '' , the American people , who in two previous world wars were very reluctant to join the fight , `` now look like the nation most likely to lead us all into a third World War '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wrote eloquently to [FILTERED] that impartial history was not only impossible but undesirable . (Filtered Words: 1)
Texas leads in per-game rushing averages , 355 yards , and passing 149 ( to [FILTERED]'s 126 ) , but idle [FILTERED] has the best defensive record ( 187.5 yards per game to Texas' 189 ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
What is the real cause of them ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The test of form is fidelity to the experience , a gauge also accepted by the abstract expressionist painters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Delphine was a pace-setter in high society . (Filtered Words: 0)
Advertisers are changing their attitudes , both as to the significance of this market and the ways of speaking to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
While neighbor women assumed some of the dead mother's duties , fund-raising events were being planned by a homeowners association and a student council for the hard-hit [FILTERED] family , 34220 Viceroy . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each could be the real thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went to the foot of the stairs and shouted up , fiercely , `` [FILTERED] ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Will you do it , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Even the most rational of men , under great stress , may be transported by a new faith and behave like mystics . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a kick , but not a big enough one for me to want to take the chance again , except for stakes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several years ago headlines were made by a small radio transmitter capsule which could be swallowed by the patient and which would then radio internal pressure data to external receivers . (Filtered Words: 0)
File to a smooth finish . (Filtered Words: 0)
The crew of the Caravan never failed to amaze Ann , who during her stay in Salem must frequently have overheard strong sailorly language . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suggested evaluation and classification (Filtered Words: 0)
Few will quarrel with the aim of the schools or with the wording of their curriculum . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there are the cousins and aunts and nephews . (Filtered Words: 0)
This procedure is repeated for the second rinse , using the temperatures and time shown in Columns F and E of Table 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marines let him advance . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the deep waters of the Pacific these waves reach a speed of 500 miles per hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
It tells us of the ancient human desire to see the highest wisdom joined to the highest sensual beauty . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was nearly sundown before they finished the business with [FILTERED] and began riding down the stream . (Filtered Words: 1)
Del Mar , Calif. , Feb. 3 (Filtered Words: 0)
While [FILTERED] did not like [FILTERED] , I liked his poems very much , but I made the mistake of telling [FILTERED] so , whereupon he said to me , `` I suppose you think you know all about me '' . (Filtered Words: 3)
On ships at sea , on railroad trains , in summer hotels with mountain views , they always said , `` I've never done this before '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even with words coming too fast , they came on the music of the voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Facts in focus (Filtered Words: 0)
The degree of saturation depends on the number of hydrogen atoms on the fat molecule . (Filtered Words: 0)
Due in 1986 (Filtered Words: 0)
I do not suppose you ever heard of [FILTERED] , living or dead , and moreover I do not suppose that , even if you had , his legend would have seemed to you to warrant more than a cluck of disapproval . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] said , `` Forgive and forget if you can ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
A system had to be used which did not depend upon the feeding of the fluid into the manometer if measurements of the normal pressure were to be made in a reasonable time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Willings undoubtedly had . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not positivism which has isolated metaphysics from reality by distinguishing between description and prescription . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has no experience with this veteran's previous medical record . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quickly but carefully lowering my duffel bag over the low side-rack , I stepped on the running board ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There is nothing for you '' , Matsuo said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even if that's all the promise he ever gave or ever will give , the giving of it once was enough and you believed it then and you will always believe it , even when it is finally the only thing in the world you have left to believe , and the whole world is telling you that one was a lie . (Filtered Words: 0)
They provided a social security system which covered all their African employes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
No margin for error (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , over the years , the American farmer's capacity to over-produce has cost the taxpayers a large dollar . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a boy in a local school he was shy and solitary , absorbed in his fondness for nature and his visions of Sweden's ancient glory . (Filtered Words: 0)
The materials (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] no doubt concurs in principle but is more apt to make exceptions to achieve a generous and `` just '' result . (Filtered Words: 1)
The aged care plan , similar to one the President sponsored last year as a senator , a fight on Capitol hill . (Filtered Words: 0)
The worthy Mondrian , seeing these pictures , said in a tone of kindly reproof : `` But you are really an artist of the naturalistic tradition '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The last point was soon to be included in the `` seditious '' remarks used against him in Parliament . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , readers who accept Freud's findings and believe that he has solved completely the mystery of dreams , should ponder over the following words in his Interpretation Of Dreams , Chapter 1 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
Which is more economical for your plant -- a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation fill-ins ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The natural anatomical and physiological defensive features of the upper respiratory tract , such as the turbinates of the nose and the cilia of the trachea and larger bronchi , are capable of impinging out the larger particles to which we are ordinarily exposed in our daily existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides helping to prevent the movement of the British to the west , Valley Forge also obstructed the trade between [FILTERED]'s forces and the farmers , thus threatening the vital subsistence of the redcoats and rendering their foraging to obtain necessary supplies extremely hazardous . (Filtered Words: 1)
This conflict may be resolved in a way which will suit white middle-class people better than it suits white lower-class people . (Filtered Words: 0)
It generally took well into the autumn for the firm to recover from the summer's help . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it will include 200-odd officeholders , organization leaders and `` interested party people '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The presidents of Cornell , Wisconsin , C.C.N.Y. , Bowdoin , Vermont , Brown , Columbia , [FILTERED] , Yale , and Harvard and the presidents emeritus of Harvard and Michigan were there . (Filtered Words: 1)
Their work was lonely . (Filtered Words: 0)
and we think them largely futile because , for true excellence of accomplishment , every scholar and every artist must cross boundaries of knowledge and boundaries of points of view . (Filtered Words: 0)
note pitch 3 ( pretty high ) on emeralds but with a slight degree of drawl , one degree of oversoftness . (Filtered Words: 0)
A week later the Daily Journal had discovered the initial plans of some Providence citizens to hold a meeting honoring [FILTERED] on the day of his execution . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` There are things about me that I can't tell you now , [FILTERED] , I said , `` but if you'll go out to dinner with me when I get out of Hanover , I'd like to tell you the whole story . (Filtered Words: 1)
Their [FILTERED] is insubstantial . (Filtered Words: 1)
The rest of Black Bottom was a rabbit [FILTERED] of homes in every condition of neglect , disrepair and careful upkeep . (Filtered Words: 1)
he wore his clothes with style . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sole guidance given the Court for discharging the task committed to it was this : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
To the extent that a language is formulaic , its individual components must be regarded as no more distinguished than other cliches . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kissed her back . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not trust [FILTERED] , his violent temper , his killer instinct . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was internationally famous , a crafter of a genuine Americana in foreign eyes , an original designer whose inventive childishness with steel and concrete was made even more believably sincere by his personality . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am only singling out differences in treatment of a theme and the resultant effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
When this linear draft is completed , I dust it down to a faint image . (Filtered Words: 0)
We would be ignoring the special circumstances of other countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
I told you there's nothing between [FILTERED] and me , nothing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Certainly nobody will predict that the next time the lawmakers come back together [FILTERED] will be able to enjoy a re-enactment of the strange but successful `` honeymoon '' he had in the 1960 legislative session . (Filtered Words: 1)
Speaking of `` pride '' , he deplored the noncommissioned officer `` whose uniform looks like it belonged to someone who retired in 1940 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Should any slave change his mind and request to leave earlier , [FILTERED] was to provide passage at once . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was going to do one or two more films for cash and then chuck it all , leave Rome and its intellectual cliques and money-fed life , go back to Calabria . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Louisiana city is known , of course , for its fine food , good music and its colorful hospitality `` and , when guests arrive at Philmont that night '' , says Mrs. [FILTERED] , `` that is exactly what we expect to offer them . (Filtered Words: 1)
for us it is a fact in history . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though an host should encamp against me , my heart shall not fear : though war should rise against me , in this will I be confident '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apples come from a farm in Vermont where they are not sprayed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor did looking at Anne ease the tension as it usually did . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were almost the same age , she was fifteen , I was twelve , and where I felt there was a life to look forward to Lilly felt she had had as much of it as was necessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , [FILTERED] was out of range . (Filtered Words: 1)
Treatment of all the sera with sweet clover proteins greatly reduced nonspecific fluorescence , especially when the treated conjugate was diluted to 1 : 2 with 0.85% saline . (Filtered Words: 0)
As Sir [FILTERED] once said , `` it is no longer fashionable to declare that we can say nothing certain about Old English origins '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was reported to Welch's office that a thief in the city jail had attempted suicide . (Filtered Words: 0)
A horse needed twenty pounds of food a day but the infantryman got along with two pounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Mrs. [FILTERED] was in mourning , she did not wear black . (Filtered Words: 1)
I like that kid '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The downtown store continues to offer the great inducement of variety , both within its gates and across the street , where other department stores are immediately convenient for the shopper who wants to see what is available before making up her mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Fridays , the day when many Persians relax with poetry , talk , and a samovar , people do not , it is true , stream into [FILTERED] -- a pavilion and garden built by [FILTERED] 2 , in the seventeenth century -- but they do retire into hundreds of pavilions throughout the city and up the river valley , which are smaller , more humble copies of the former . (Filtered Words: 2)
It is probably fair to say that the idea of death is more profound in Irenaeus than the idea of sin is . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd like to make sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
American technology in engine and hull design is largely responsible for the plentiful interest in American boating . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had Hoijer substituted for his 15 adjectival slots 15 good animal and plant items , his rate of stem replacement would have been lower and the age of Athabascan language separation smaller . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the leading members of the Amen corner was cook ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Garth hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then there is St. Louis county , where the Democratic leadership has shown little appreciation of the need for sound zoning , of the important relationship between proper land use and economic growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other remarked , in a happy laughter , `` That's a funny old horse '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Enthusiastically , Americans have swept subliterary and bogus materials like [FILTERED] tales , [FILTERED] anecdotes and labor union songs up as true products of our American oral tradition . (Filtered Words: 2)
and yet they cannot ignore this problem because it concerns the implementation of nearly all the planning programs they have devised . (Filtered Words: 0)
Realtors in attendance at the colloquium expressed interest , for example , in Connecticut's new housing law as setting standards of equity that they would like `` to have to obey '' , but in support of which none had been willing to go on public record . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stared at them curiously . (Filtered Words: 1)
Turning to the current musical season on Broadway , the most widely acclaimed of the new arrivals , How To Succeed In Business Without Really Trying , has been transferred to an original cast album ( R. C. A. Victor LOC 1066 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Method of computing Federal shares . (Filtered Words: 0)
The motor pool is a completely centralized and mechanized operation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Printed material (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll be damned '' , Ekstrohm said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shade trees , too , are a big help , so keep them if you can . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked innocently . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was established in a couple of buildings in the shopping district , with only a few professors , but all eminent men , and a few hundred eager students housed in nearby dwellings . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the very sort of legislation that [FILTERED] himself had in mind . (Filtered Words: 1)
I went out into it . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Some SEATO nations disagreed , however . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a time the President received hundreds of them every day , most of them worthless . (Filtered Words: 0)
He lurched and stumbled to the davenport and sank down on it , and was instantly asleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the aircraft which we have today are tied to large , `` soft '' airfields . (Filtered Words: 0)
The body was that of a well-developed , somewhat debilitated white man weighing 108 lb. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet paradoxically my liberal friends continue to view [FILTERED] as one of their patron saints . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was dark . (Filtered Words: 0)
Enough , was the answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another common cure was to soak the feet five or ten minutes in warm water , then to apply a solution of equal parts of soda and common brown soap on a kid bandage overnight . (Filtered Words: 0)
The uses of philosophy as a logical clearing house are manifest to any approach that does not descend to pure sensationalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
He began sweating . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was succeeded by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I knew all this , but I paid no attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is to say , to concentrate on a particular crop or activity in a particular area at a strategic time , rather than any broadside engagement with management throughout an area or the State . (Filtered Words: 0)
She could act and she could write . (Filtered Words: 0)
More recently , polyethers -- again in varied compositions , molecular weights , and branching -- have come into use at first for the flexible foams , just lately for the rigids . (Filtered Words: 0)
Armed with letters from embassies to ministers of countries , especially those in the near and far east , Mrs. [FILTERED] `` will beat the bushes for oriental talent '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
That's where device quackery can lead . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the hero of this work by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] is a chap embittered by more than the lack of beer during a jam session . (Filtered Words: 2)
They are used mainly for their oil . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the sound was inside the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were three years of this strange warfare ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Most park planners look to water frontage for basic park areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are few things of which I am prouder than of that unblemished record . (Filtered Words: 0)
He whirled about suddenly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kept going . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- A first grader colors pictures one solid color , everything -- sky , grass , boy , wagon , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
but , as he had a special fondness for magic and divination , he ordered that books on these subjects should be spared . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was calculated from the temperature gradient Af at Af inch as Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone had moved beyond the range of the light from the window . (Filtered Words: 0)
He brushed by the idiotic boy and lumbered heavily up the stairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pa laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
For mounting to corrugated plastic backgrounds , very small holes may be drilled in the sides of the letters and stainless steel wire threaded through the openings , its ends twisted behind the panels . (Filtered Words: 0)
With four younger children at home , [FILTERED] stepped into her mother's role , and even after the brothers and sisters were grown , she was her father's comfort and stay until he died in 1879 . (Filtered Words: 1)
) The plants took zero nights in their stride , with nothing but a mat of straw over the glass to protect them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alexander said , `` Answer me properly , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet this cannot be proved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Telling you '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Bellows made the disclosure when he asked Judge [FILTERED] to grant his client , [FILTERED] , 30 , a separate trial . (Filtered Words: 2)
His bandages seemed on fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Desegregation has been opposed by massive resistance , interposition , pupil assignment ( with no assignments of Negro children ) , and hate bombings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before we comment further on these pathological conditions , we should remember that changes in the state of the hypothalamus within physiological limits distinguish sleep from wakefulness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Avocados , however , are very rich in nutrients . (Filtered Words: 0)
At first glance , not much of a motive for a man of his standing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They find dead winos every day , maybe they won't even autopsy him for the cause of death '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Heaven forbid '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
( Significantly , bitter echoes of the 1960 power struggle that saw [FILTERED] moving into the national committee post over Ziffren are still audible in party circles . (Filtered Words: 1)
To summarize , it may be said that there is no one prevailing practice in Rhode Island with respect to the taxation of movable property , that assessors would like to see an improvement , and of those who have an opinion , that assessment by the town of location is preferred on the basis of their present knowledge . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
His first thought is about the question itself : Is there a question here for American foreign policy , and , if so , what is it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Commission shall , as soon as possible , and in the order of the making of such awards , certify to the Secretary of the Treasury and to the Secretary of State copies of the awards made in favor of the Government of the United States or of nationals of the United States under this Title . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was constantly searching for clues around the neighborhood of the hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is also significant that neither this report nor the hearing officer's notes were furnished to the appeal board . (Filtered Words: 0)
There must first be a deeper sense that the church belongs not to us but to Christ , and that it is His purpose , not our own interests and preferences , that determines what it is to be and do . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : beef (Filtered Words: 0)
Have a `` Question Box '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The content of that psychological status determines , ultimately , the content of civilization . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Easy does it , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
When cutting the pieces , dress the ends smooth , and square with a smooth file or sanding disk . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was turning over the idea of a good debauchery when I dozed off . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I hope so . (Filtered Words: 0)
You also deduct 50% of the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses in determining Adjusted Gross Income . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clerk paid them no attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
In order to reduce the number of variable parameters , all experiments were made with a constant arc length of 0.5'' '' and a current of 100 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radiation instruments suitable for home use are available , and would be of value in locating that portion of the home which offers the best protection against fallout radiation . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] refused to accept money for slave property , but did he realize how much expense and trouble the transportation of his Negroes to the North involved ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
An assistant attorney general is directed to investigate . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] yelled , `` or she'll kill 'em all . (Filtered Words: 1)
Another weakness -- far more irritating than his manner of speaking , which he made only token effort to change -- was his devotion to that old horse of Tolley's . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each person votes for one of a pair of pictures to receive a popular prize . (Filtered Words: 0)
they realize the relevance of what they are learning to their future careers , and this sense of purpose is carried over to the academic courses which they are studying at the same time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he called on the governor to explain why . (Filtered Words: 0)
Looking unto God , the Prophet Isaiah wrote these blessed words almost three thousand years ago : `` Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace , whose mind is stayed on thee : because he trusteth in thee '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think [FILTERED] did right '' , Amy said firmly . (Filtered Words: 1)
The only other regions so blessed are the British Isles , western Europe , eastern China , southern Chile and parts of Japan , New Zealand and Tasmania . (Filtered Words: 0)
The problem involved military necessity as much as morality , for in pre-penicillin days venereal disease was a crippling disability . (Filtered Words: 0)
She then described her experience as one in which she first had difficulty accepting for herself a state of being in which she relinquished control . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps she would be glad that they hadn't hurt him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you expect her to show up '' , she said , `` you'd better put ' and wife ' on there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Henrietta held her bouquet out of reach and said it was for Doaty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had the Communist-led [FILTERED] finally come this far ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
He saw with [FILTERED] now that the perfectability of man was a dream . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` He let a patrolman take over the duties of the station keeper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirty-six (Filtered Words: 0)
It was almost too easy . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , when the slat finally shatters , we see him count the fragments , all the while muttering , `` He loves me , he loves me not '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was thickly settled by fifteen thousand citizens and laid out into pig-infested streets , mostly around the Battery , going bravely north to Wall Street , but giving up and becoming fields and farms in the region of Harlem Heights . (Filtered Words: 0)
Footnotes : (Filtered Words: 0)
In [FILTERED]. 7-4 , the input axis of the three-axis platform is shown at some point on the earth . (Filtered Words: 1)
but with the growth of state and federal fiscal aid , the emphasis on equalization , and the state-local sharing of responsibility for certain important functions , this is no longer true . (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic needs (Filtered Words: 0)
On the highway he relaxed and enjoyed the drive over Lake Pontchartrain and along the coast . (Filtered Words: 0)
At times , three ships a day from the Soviet bloc are unloading in Cuban ports . (Filtered Words: 0)
The attempt failed : the animal is now dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
The puzzled saleslady inquired , `` How large is your house , Madam '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The wagons were burning fiercely . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' -- said Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is not merely a new thing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't see Alma anywhere '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The promotion of [FILTERED] to the position of Assistant Manager of the Interference Control Field Service Department was announced early in December by [FILTERED] , Manager of Interference Control Field Service . (Filtered Words: 2)
Turning his back , [FILTERED] crossed to the stall , reached over to untie the buckskin's halter rope , and waved his hand in the animal's face . (Filtered Words: 1)
He does not expect to get great riches or he would not have chosen to answer the call to preach . (Filtered Words: 0)
When you see them again give them my love -- not best respects now , but love by God '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His hands , which had been as quick as a pair of fluttering birds , were now neither active nor really relaxed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will the view be something you can live with ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But I believe if people were better informed on this question , most of them would oppose it also . (Filtered Words: 0)
The giant electric signs and marquees were lit up for the first time since blackout regulations had been instituted , and the atmosphere was alive with the feeling that victory was just around the corner . (Filtered Words: 0)
An Italian poet had noticed plainclothes policemen lounging around the area of Quirinal Palace , the first time since the war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the heading of it's an ill wind , et cetera '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` -- it says police right on the door '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The proposed C & O-B & O railroad would make it the hemisphere's second largest . (Filtered Words: 0)
a `` splash party '' at the new pool , which I had built in the hope of keeping [FILTERED] away from public beaches , when [FILTERED] and a certain Aquacutie stayed underwater together for the better part of an hour ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
When everything had been done , Rector went back to his desk to occupy himself with his monthly report until three o'clock . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man's shoes were too pointed , his overcoat too broad at the shoulders and too narrow at the waist . (Filtered Words: 0)
All four remained impacted on the sofa until he had left . (Filtered Words: 0)
She might be firm . (Filtered Words: 0)
To this end political authority is called upon to exercise its negative and coercive powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Between meetings he helps the president keep track of delegated matters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sweater was gone from the refrigerator , and in its place was a large plastic bag , full of wet pink clothes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The conversation of the characters creates an atmosphere suggesting the usual mixture of pleasures , foibles , irritations , and concerns which would characterize the common life of a normal village in any age . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let them offer on behalf of those creatures whose melody has been the joy of mankind since time began , the hymn `` Abide With Me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stage had been empty , except for [FILTERED] , doing his star monologue . (Filtered Words: 1)
When he attended the Christian Anti-Communist Crusade school here about six months ago , [FILTERED] became convinced that an individual can do something constructive in the ideological battle and set out to do it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Walls of water rushed down the slopes and filled the hollows like the crests of flash floods . (Filtered Words: 0)
And we can add that [FILTERED]'s interpretation of purgation is also one answer to [FILTERED]'s fear that poetry will encourage our passions . (Filtered Words: 2)
His small black eyes darted inside the olive oval of his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
and ( 5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
I praise God for the privilege of being a nurse who has that peace through faith in the Lord Jesus Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Holy Sacrifice of the Mass with commentary has been televised several times in recent months . (Filtered Words: 0)
They think of it as a kind of spooky museum in which they may half see and half imagine the old splendor . (Filtered Words: 0)
To Serenissimus such tribes as the Cossacks of the [FILTERED] or those ex-bandits the Zaporogian Cossacks ( in whose islands along the lower Dnieper the Polish novelist [FILTERED] would one day place With Fire And [FILTERED] ) were just elements for enforced resettlement in , say , Bessarabia , where , as `` the faithful of the Black Sea borders '' , he could use their presence as bargaining points in the Czarina's territorial claims against Turkey . (Filtered Words: 3)
Then , I remembered that the girls had had a banana for dessert every day for the last week . (Filtered Words: 0)
The panel's action depends on the return of Representative [FILTERED] , Democrat of Arkansas , who has been siding with Speaker [FILTERED] forces in the Rules Committee in moving bills to the floor . (Filtered Words: 2)
they are fields of force exerting a unique influence on the sensibilities and a unique relatedness to one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
Locker-room talk often stresses the idea that a man is doing the girl a favor if he is forceful and ruthless during the first penetration . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tract is bounded by Island Ave. , Dicks Ave. , 61st St. , and Eastwick Ave. . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] moved into it . (Filtered Words: 1)
30% of them worried about past happenings which were completely beyond their control ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the third column is given the optimal policy for stage R , and in the fourth , the resulting state of the stream when this policy is used . (Filtered Words: 0)
and his conviction is sustained . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a great many of the dancers are more or less native . (Filtered Words: 0)
Memory flooded him the instant he opened his eyes and the sick feeling knotted his stomach . (Filtered Words: 0)
A shock wave from Africa (Filtered Words: 0)
Powerful hands had killed her . (Filtered Words: 0)
place in sauce . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was born in Pittsboro , Miss. , and was a veteran of World War 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We bump '' , one said ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Two years later he became director of the Frankfurt Opera , where he remained until he lost this position in 1933 through the rise of the [FILTERED] regime . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You must play it where it lies '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suez ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I think I've taken it about fifty times already '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
For a number of years the board used a machine to keep a permanent record but abandoned the practice about two years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first time I went there he asked me to bring him water from Flagler's well -- water that reminded him of his first days in the mountains -- and before I came the next time I filled a five-gallon jug for him and brought it to the hospital . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's have a drink and discuss a merger '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED] has urged a peace race on disarmament that might be called `` Operation Survival '' which has many facets . (Filtered Words: 1)
But it didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the dated poems we can venture certain conclusions about Hardy's career in poetry , always remembering that conclusions based on a fraction of the whole must remain tentative . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] the younger , a schoolboy of eleven , wrote a letter in Latin asking his father to buy copybooks ( `` chartaceos libellos ) '' ) for him and his brother . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the lower portion of each Chart , the Skeletal Age ( Hand ) of boy 34 and girl 2 may be similarly classified . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you were a man '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
and the study of structural changes in M. leprae and other mycobacteria . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tax-free reorganization not complying with the merger or consolidation statutes of the states involved is difficult to fit into an `` operation of law '' mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
He chuckled , the memory vivid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who , then , is of sufficient stature to lodge with [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Berto's The Sky Is Red had been a small masterpiece and in its special way the best book to come out of the war . (Filtered Words: 0)
A brisk , satirical spoof of contemporary American mores entitled `` An American Journey '' was given its first New York performance at Hunter College Playhouse last night by the [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But competent observers believe he is making progress , particularly toward what Sen. [FILTERED] lists as the primary need -- `` a clearer understanding of where our vital national interests lie and what we must do to promote them '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
At this moment she was crouched in a cave-like aperture halfway down the Reef . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I think a man needs at least one intimate friend to communicate with '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each of the five principal posts was to have a director , responsible to a director-general at New Orleans . (Filtered Words: 0)
there had been the dancing class -- Miss [FILTERED] , thin and tireless , with her supervising wand and her everlasting one-two-three , one-two-three . (Filtered Words: 1)
It must be that son who sat before her now , shriveled to half his size and half his senses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of her old confidence in the simplest , purest , most moving musical expression , Miss [FILTERED] is letting herself be tempted by the classic sin of artistic pride -- that subtle vanity that sometimes misleads a great artist into thinking that he or she can somehow better the music by bringing to it something extra , some personal dramatic touch imposed from the outside . (Filtered Words: 1)
These announcements are , in effect , advertisements for themselves as thriving marriage marts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negroes are , therefore , ignored in the North and are under surveillance in the South , and suffer hideously in both places . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Chicago , the driver cut out would likely jam his gas pedal to the floor in an effort to force the other car back . (Filtered Words: 0)
He met with enthusiastic audience approval , especially when he swung from jazz to Latin American things like the Mambo . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has four promising 2-year-old pacers . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1957 , the Real Estate Boards of New York City actively opposed the then pending private housing anti-discrimination law . (Filtered Words: 0)
Speaking as a non-Jew I believe that its primary contribution is in the realm of future policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drawn up in 1914 , the cross-licensing agreement became effective in 1915 . (Filtered Words: 0)
the genial smile seemed painted on his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bid from [FILTERED] of Cambridge , Mass. , which listed the same officers as Hughes , was $600 per joint . (Filtered Words: 1)
For [FILTERED] , nothing is forbidden . (Filtered Words: 1)
For these crimes he was sentenced to be hanged in public on Friday , December 2 , 1859 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Demagogues of this sort found communist bogeys lurking behind any new idea that would run counter to stereotyped notions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not George , Townley , or [FILTERED] , certainly not Ludie . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Everybody does '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , they do demonstrate the presence of large normal pressures in the presence of flat shear fields which were forecast by the theory in the first part of the paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED]'s , A Canticle For Leibowitz ( 1959 ) finds men , after the great atomic disaster , stumbling back to their previous level of civilization and another catastrophe ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
This somewhat cynical comment may be found in `` Blue Skies , Brown Studies '' , a collection of travel essays by [FILTERED] , who would never consider staying home for long . (Filtered Words: 1)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
While there may still be many Faulknerian Lucas Beauchamps scattered through the rural South , such men appear to be a vanishing breed . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the index words or electronic switches are reserved because of actual usage in the statements described above , the position or order of the statements within the program is not important ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , Mrs. [FILTERED] -- Sally -- has phoned too . (Filtered Words: 1)
She understood completely . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
With over four million American men away at war , Protestants forced their distinctive theological belief upon the general public . (Filtered Words: 0)
External aid can be effective only if it is a complement to self-help . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus replied , ' let it be so for the present ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As new homes were built they were connected so that all residences south of School Street are served by it . (Filtered Words: 0)
its waves persisted for a week and were felt as far away as the English coast . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he would see her that evening . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before that , he wanted to talk to the neighbors . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s mouth watered with anticipation when after months of dreaming she sat down at last to her much-craved milk and fresh bread . (Filtered Words: 1)
But I swear to you from the moment I opened my eyes , I knew it was going to be a bad day . (Filtered Words: 0)
As another Thanksgiving draws near , let us take time out from the often hectic pace of our lives to try and recapture the feelings that filled the hearts of the Pilgrims on the first Thanksgiving . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Af is the operator induced on Af by T , then evidently Af , because by definition Af is 0 on the subspace Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Variations in sound velocity should be measured rather than temperature , because more of the variables would be encompassed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again there was something familiar about her , something -- (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is more true than anything else ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She got to her feet , staggered , and almost fell . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the meantime , while the South has been undergoing this phenomenal modernization that is so disappointing to the curious Yankee , Southern writers have certainly done little to reflect and promote their region's progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twelve o'clock level '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] cracked loudly under her feet ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Now turn around so I can see your face '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] asked again that the board join in taking a stand in keeping with [FILTERED] program . (Filtered Words: 2)
By Theorem 10 , D is a diagonalizable operator which we shall call the diagonalizable part of T . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently the population as a whole eventually acquires enough confidence in the explanations of the scientists to modify its procedures and its fears . (Filtered Words: 0)
Giffen had advised that it would not be too difficult to obtain freedom locally for the old house servants . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Springfield's in tomorrow '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a groundwork for the proposal I give some attention to the first task enumerated above , the clarification of goal . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll pick murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
You cannot be saved ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Goddamn . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wording of the question was quite general and may have been subject to different interpretations . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ekstrohm '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Musmanno was on deck . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our understanding of the solar system has taught us to replace our former elaborate rituals with the appropriate action which , in this case , amounts to doing nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
She started back for the house , saw a light in the office , opened the door and surprised a domestic little scene which was far outside the dark realm of murder or attempted murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the dependent wife seldom questioned his judgment about anything , including the marriage bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next day [FILTERED] issued his orders ending the campaign and pulled his armies back to Atlanta . (Filtered Words: 1)
The piano accompaniments by [FILTERED] were stylish . (Filtered Words: 1)
The world is constantly changing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When the family business failed , [FILTERED] left school and on his mother's urging -- for she hoped that he would become an actor -- he joined a local little theater group . (Filtered Words: 1)
During the next five years liberal leaders in the United States sank in the cumulative confusion attendant upon and manifested in a negative policy of Containment -- and the bitterest irony -- enforced and enforceable only by threat of a weapon that we felt the greatest distaste for but could not abandon : the atom bomb . (Filtered Words: 0)
The terminal hospital admission on June 27 , 1959 , was necessitated by continued weakness and debility complicated by urinary retention and painful thrombosed hemorrhoids . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems likely , moreover , that with an increase in the rate of saving in mortgage lending institutions , interest rates on residential mortgages may move somewhat lower through the spring of next year , although the increased ease in residential mortgage lending may occur primarily in other terms than interest rate , e.g. , easier downpayment and amortization terms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not tonight , at any rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' , he conceded finally , `` if you must know , I don't get along with the landlord . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unlike the Sicilians , he additionally conducted holdups , robberies , and safe-cracking expeditions , and refused to touch prostitution . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing was said about hotels or train journeys . (Filtered Words: 0)
She skipped a piece of water at him and laughed , a funny , hoarse laugh he liked to hear . (Filtered Words: 0)
that what he had said was no more than one of those things one does say , lightly , meaning nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The North Koreans threw away their guns and fled across the rice paddies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among those with reservations are Messrs. and Mmes. [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] Niven , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 6)
Neither is primary experience understood according to the attitude of modern empiricism in which nothing is thought to be received other than signals of sensory qualities producing their responses in the appropriate sense organs . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe a further gain is in prospect for 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I opened the door , and [FILTERED] stumbled in -- fast -- as if Nadine had pushed him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Loomis considers ranking a product of the evaluation process . (Filtered Words: 0)
The process in which the outcome of any one stage is known only statistically is also of interest , although for chemical reactor design it is not as important as the deterministic process . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Harlan-[FILTERED] ) 2:37 ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
He glanced at his watch , saw it was only seven , and decided to indulge his weakness now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even with words coming too fast , they came on the music of the voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet a murderer ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional philosophical considerations , advanced notably by [FILTERED] , supported further the circularity principle . (Filtered Words: 1)
His first shot in the Open last year landed in a brook that flowed along the right side of the fairway . (Filtered Words: 0)
The red-haired captain , towering above the prisoner as a symbol of decency and authority , was shocked to find himself looking with sympathy upon [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The round cells were reproducibly positioned in the light beam which entered the thermostated mineral oil-bath through a window . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its appeal from ballots to bullets at Fort Sumter ended by costing the Southerners their right to have slaves -- a right that was even less compatible with the sovereignty of man . (Filtered Words: 0)
How can they tell whether a child needs orthodontic treatment ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , the unwed mothers expressed their frustration with males who did not indicate more explicitly `` what it is they really want from a girl so one can act accordingly '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Few states make effective use of their existing vocational education programs or funds for the purpose of attracting new industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
The six-ton [FILTERED] began to whip and shake . (Filtered Words: 1)
At least the Union officer had been decent enough to provide a candle . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't seem to think that attaching a pegboard to a stone wall was much of a problem and he tossed off the building of the worktable equally lightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
I waited until the parking attendant was busy with a customer , then slipped around the back of the car with license number [FILTERED] , attached the electronic bug to the rear bumper and walked out . (Filtered Words: 1)
The mother and daughter , who will be buried side by side in Mt. Olivet Cemetery , rested together today in closed caskets at the Lyle Elliott Funeral Home , 31730 Mound , Warren . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was snarling now . (Filtered Words: 1)
For [FILTERED] , it turned out , had a number of rancher and cowboy witnesses ready and willing to swear with straight faces that he had been in Bates Hole the day of the killing . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Ainus were a primitive people , already living on the island before the principal ancestors of the Japanese came from Southern Asia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then there was exercise , boating and hiking , which was not only good for you but also made you more virile : the thought of strenuous activity left him exhausted . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most articulate Republicans are those who , in their desire to get back at Mr. [FILTERED] , already have created the image of a Republican leadership which is reluctant to assist the distressed and the unemployed , and which is even more unwilling to help old people who need medical care . (Filtered Words: 1)
Backstage was tomblike by contrast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Top dog , sleeping and eating right there with the Staff . (Filtered Words: 0)
When authorities convicted him of practicing medicine without a license ( he got off with a suspended sentence of three years because of his advanced age of 77 ) , one of his victims was not around to testify : He was dead of cancer . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spoke no German but he could sing it and the words of the song were the only ones he knew in a foreign language . (Filtered Words: 0)
His name became synonymous with cold-blooded cruelty . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would reach him at almost exactly the same instant . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] wished the Air Corps had continued to camouflage planes . (Filtered Words: 1)
This iodoprotein does not appear to be the same as what is normally present in the thyroid , and there is no evidence so far that thyroglobulin can be iodinated in vitro by cell-free systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you hold property for the production of rents or royalties you subtract , in computing Adjusted Gross Income , ordinary and necessary expenses and certain other deductions attributable to the property . (Filtered Words: 0)
Annapolis , Jan. 7 (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , what is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Captain [FILTERED]'s renovated schooner with the flamboyant name Unsinkable had just left Porto Vecchio with a cargo of badly-needed olive oil for the Sorrentine's civilian population . (Filtered Words: 1)
We feel the quality of these powers initially as in some degree wholesome or threatening . (Filtered Words: 0)
No action has been taken , however , on such major problems as ending the fee system , penal reform , modification of the county unit system and in outright banning of fireworks sales . (Filtered Words: 0)
The coordination complexes formed by transition metals with primary and secondary phosphines and arsines are being investigated ( [FILTERED] ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Mahayana that developed in the north was a religion of idolatry and coarse magic , that made the world into a huge magical garden . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't want to put himself outside the law . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a matter of fact , this happened every four or five months . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , on July 2 , there occurred another incident which set tongues to wagging at a furious clip . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is good to know that Georgia will continue to have sufficient electrical power not only to meet the demands of normal growth but to encourage a more rapid rate of industrialization . (Filtered Words: 0)
But not [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
My mother wanted to call me Sylphide , but it sounded too affected '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There is non-fiction and non non-fiction '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Issue no. 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , life had become a kind of continuous make-ready . (Filtered Words: 0)
The effects can be related to the structure of this enzyme . (Filtered Words: 0)
He can make you work papers . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a somewhat goggle-eyed expression . (Filtered Words: 0)
and others in Buffalo , New York , Chautauqua , New Haven , Rochester , Rockport , and most recently , the $300 prize for a watercolor at the Laguna Beach Art Association , (Filtered Words: 0)
6 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Before the fight was over , the Harlem boy had a concussion and [FILTERED] was cut up badly . (Filtered Words: 1)
The area was deserted . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1959 our deficit in balance of payments approached four billion dollars . (Filtered Words: 0)
householders who had been unable to pick up the burden of short-term high-interest mortgages found they could borrow for twenty-five years at 4 per cent , under government aegis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wholesome activities were to be provided by many organizations including the YMCA , the Knights of Columbus , the Jewish Welfare Board , the American Library Association , and the Playground and Recreation Association -- private societies which voluntarily performed the job that was taken over almost entirely by the Special Services Division of the Army itself in World War 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
and that we firmly believe this will presently become evident when we set forth reasons to justify such a conviction . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if you don't know the place like the palm of your hand , you'd better use a compass and the speedometer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aside from the (Filtered Words: 0)
If anti-Semitism was on trial in Jerusalem , why was it not identified , and with enough emphasis to capture the notice of the world press , in its connection with the activities of Eichmann's Department of Jewish Affairs , as exemplified by the betrayal and murder of Jews by non-police and non-party anti-Semites in Germany , as well as in Poland , Czechoslovakia , Hungary ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dealing faro '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because that's what you're doing -- wrecking it , wrecking it , wrecking it '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Prince [FILTERED]'s powers of prognostication some day may be confirmed but history is not likely to praise the courage of his convictions . (Filtered Words: 1)
One of the most important is economic . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first courtyard there are some fine bas-reliefs and friezes , and in the second a series of delightful terraced roof gardens above an ivy-covered wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Industrial electronic equipment (Filtered Words: 0)
Hudson's reply was to accuse the mate of disloyalty . (Filtered Words: 0)
She shook her head . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wouldn't want to ask for a postponement -- it's really just a routine thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Afraid at one and the same time that his work might be turned down -- which would be a blow to his pride even though no one knew he was the author -- and that the work would be accepted , and then that his violent feelings in the matter would certainly betray how deeply concerned he was in spite of himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
but there is a leavening of liberalism among college graduates throughout the South , especially among those who studied in the North . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pohl could receive from 1 to 15 years in prison or probation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Better minds than [FILTERED]'s were -- and still are -- convinced that there is a society of spirits beyond our ken '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Out of school at 14 (Filtered Words: 0)
An inch lower and it would have knocked him out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Made of the world's toughest unbreakable plastic , Melamine dinnerware comes in almost 400 different patterns and dozens of colors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Edmonia for her mother , she said firmly , [FILTERED] , for herself , and -- (Filtered Words: 1)
After a fine luncheon in the cafeteria , the kitchen of which [FILTERED] had planned , Mr. [FILTERED] and I left to meet representatives of the USIS for a visit to the University of Tokyo . (Filtered Words: 2)
The collected works of [FILTERED] , now numbering 25 volumes ( including the present exhibit ) represent a high standard of literary excellence , as every schoolboy knows . (Filtered Words: 1)
In this system , no man is exempt from obligations . (Filtered Words: 0)
News of [FILTERED]'s commitment soon leaked out . (Filtered Words: 1)
there had been the dancing class -- Miss [FILTERED] , thin and tireless , with her supervising wand and her everlasting one-two-three , one-two-three . (Filtered Words: 1)
It would allow presentation to the public of a unified approach . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a good eight years now since each of us acquired a swimming pool -- eight enlightening , vigorous , rigorous , not wholly unrewarding years . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a large and circumspect 20th-Century technique , he wove the materials of national heroes and events , national folklore and children's fairy tales -- Slavic dances and love songs -- into a solid musical literature which served his people well , and is providing much enjoyment to the World at large . (Filtered Words: 0)
( opposite page , right top ) : Stoneware clay was used . (Filtered Words: 0)
He pushed stick and rudder and entered the overcast on his back . (Filtered Words: 0)
State numbering laws differ from each other in many ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
Breakfast was at the Palace Hotel , luncheon was somewhere in the mountain forest , and dinner was either at Boulder Creek or at Santa Cruz . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] looked like an overwhelmed baby nurse ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Then lay a three-inch-wide strip of cloth along the keel line from the transom to the point of the stem . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt that he looked at me coldly and appraisingly and seemed to be uncertain what his attitude towards me should be , but he did not say one word which might indicate that he had been told of advances to his wife . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But not immediately '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were all completely shrouded . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are ghostly scenes in which the little boy on his rocking horse rocks madly toward the climax that will magically give him the name of the winning horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , they had to get up and be General Burnside . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Expenditures for operating and maintaining the stations and equipment of the Armed Forces are estimated to be $10.3 billion in 1961 , which is $184 million more than in 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The old man in the baggy clothes waited at the foot of the steps . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , he said , he has answered more than 400 messages of congratulations which led him to the comment that he himself had decided he wouldn't send another congratulatory message for the rest of his life . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the extent that the new Administration has its wishes , the Federal Reserve would conduct its open market operations throughout the entire maturity range of Government securities and aggressively seek to force down long-term interest rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had squeezed the trigger of my own gun , and to my amazement , it had fired and kicked back into my shoulder with the force of an angry mule ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The next days may show where things stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
You had your day and it was a good day . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
He unhitched his horse , walked it away , mounted , and spurred it on . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] assembled a witty and explicit score for `` An American Journey '' , and [FILTERED] gave it sprightly imaginative costumes . (Filtered Words: 2)
Is your R & D or product development program tuned in to the commercial realities of the market ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There was the Polish Revolution which we misunderstood and then helped guide along a course favorable to Soviet interests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most orthodontists require an initial payment to cover the cost of diagnostic materials and construction of the appliances , but usually the remainder of the cost may be spread over a period of months or years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Irenaeus does not claim pre-existence for the human soul ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
writes : Does a brace help in sciatica ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If there was such a person , I'm afraid she got away with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
They emerged as interchangeable cogs in a faulty but formidable machine : shaved nearly naked , hair queued , greatcoated , jackbooted , and best of all -- in the opinion of the British professional , Major [FILTERED] -- `` their minds are not estranged from the paths of obedience by those smatterings of knowledge which only serve to lead to insubordination and mutiny '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The U. S. Government is paying for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He has married me with a ring of bright water '' , begins the Kathleen Raine poem from which Maxwell takes his title , and it is this mystic bond between the human and natural world that the author conveys . (Filtered Words: 0)
With few exceptions , your car will be waiting for you at dockside , airport , railroad station or hotel when you arrive , oftentimes at no additional cost . (Filtered Words: 0)
yet it represents a very considerable percentage of the churchgoing population . (Filtered Words: 0)
The revolution in jazz that took place around 1949 , the evolution from the `` bebop '' school of [FILTERED] to the `` cool '' sound of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and the whole legend of [FILTERED] , had made an impression on many academic and literary men . (Filtered Words: 5)
How quaint it all seemed the next day . (Filtered Words: 0)
In that event , they note , the Revenue Service might declare the pension plan is discriminatory and deny it tax privileges under the law . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ridiculous '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Many with pools (Filtered Words: 0)
This month a million Guideposts will circulate all over the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Damned if that wasn't a sailing ship standing out of the old harbor -- Porto Vecchio . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had a tiny envelope tied to its wrist . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the corroborees , when they get to dancing and sweating , you'll see them rubbing up against a man who's supposed to have a specially good smell . (Filtered Words: 0)
the granular texture thus created likewise called attention to the reality of the surface and was effective over much larger areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nearly all the turnpikes show gains in net revenues during the period . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty watched with disinterest . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We're not drunkards '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
As if to make certain that [FILTERED] would be unable to pay any settlement at all , [FILTERED] wrote to prospective clients denouncing him ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Hughes would not comment on tax reforms or other issues in which the Republican candidates are involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no apparent reason why we should feel bound by Swadesh's rules and procedure since his predilections and aims have grown so vast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Naturally , enterprises of the size of General Electric are in a position to structure their prices in such a way that the relatively small competitors can be forced to the wall in a very short time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deactivation of enzymes is also possible , although some types require extremely heavy doses of 10 Mrad or more . (Filtered Words: 0)
The young banker looked at him with a certain surprise , and then he said flatly : `` I'm afraid I can't tell you anything in particular about [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
One young man , exhilarated to the point of insanity by liquor and the excitement of the moment , performed a perfect swan dive out of the stands at the Yale Bowl during the Yale-Army football game , landed squarely on his head on the concrete ramp below , and died at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attitude flexible (Filtered Words: 0)
At the Westminster KC Dog Show in Madison Square Garden , New York on the second day , the Finals of the Junior Class brought out the most competitive competition in the history of this Class . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other scientific agencies , both Federal and civilian , supported studies in quantitative electron microscopical approach to microchemistry and microcytochemistry ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On large-area units , where additional structural requirements are imposed , one recent approach utilizes modular extruded or formed channels ( e.g. right-angled corrugations ) of the acrylic or butyrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
With destructive tensions and pressures removed men have the vigor and energy to construct a new human life -- rebuilding entire cities , expanding facilities for entertainment , providing unlimited opportunities for education -- indeed , for the first time giving everyone the chance to employ his talents to the fullest . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if this is the case , then an arbitrary pencil of lines having a point , P , of **zg as vertex is transformed into a ruled surface of order Af having Af generators concurrent at P . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some tasty frank toppings are chili con carne , Coney Island sauce and savory sauerkraut . (Filtered Words: 0)
Saturday , Sunday , or holiday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now listen closely : (Filtered Words: 0)
I feel kind of bad about it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
whose chord is one hundred and sixty feet , and whose vortex is forty feet ( it was actually 37 feet ) above the high-water mark . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some Dallas investment firms got only 100 shares , for all of their customers . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may find yourself hitting bottom , literally , as you discover that water is running out even while you are putting it in . (Filtered Words: 0)
A signal ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The victim , [FILTERED] , 38 , of the 900 block North Charles Street , was treated for cuts at Franklin Square Hospital after the robbery . (Filtered Words: 1)
Carefully he put down his steak knife and said loudly , `` Mr. Chairman '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
So strenuous it was physically , with its days of horseback riding over rough roads that it seems an amazing feat of endurance for both Miss Packard and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hundreds of civic clubs , business firms and individuals make me available to school teachers throughout the land . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is obvious when it is remembered that , during childbirth , the vagina must dilate enough to permit the passage of the baby . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ludie could be hateful . (Filtered Words: 0)
The content of his words may lapse back into monotonous repetition , as if a phonograph needle were stuck in one groove ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He could do that when he would be a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rebels may try to seize what is left of the October harvest when the floods recede and the monsoon ends in November . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grumbled [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
to her , each of her dolls was a real person with a living heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the sun came out , Stevie strode proudly into Orange Square , smiling like a landlord on industrious tenants . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , for example , does he favor two tempos , rather than one , for the third movement ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The market for computers and other data-handling continues to expand at the rate of about 30% annually , reaching some $450 million in 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
she persisted in explaining how and why she had advised Mrs. [FILTERED] to return to the country . (Filtered Words: 1)
He said , `` Let's work for peace instead of protection from aggression '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A blower may be installed to increase comfort . (Filtered Words: 0)
In March , 1931 , 22 out of 28 members of a committee of the Federal Council of Churches ratified artificial methods of birth control . (Filtered Words: 0)
For my part I find it difficult to conceive such a state of affairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , plus the habit of many schools of simply adding interior design to the many subjects of their home economics department , yet , nevertheless , claiming that they teach interior design , has contributed to the low repute of many university courses in interior design . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first of two possible variations on this theme is symbolized by [FILTERED] [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The company , in figuring its taxable earnings , deducted a percentage of the revenue it received for its finished products . (Filtered Words: 0)
This means that a great many academically talented girls are discouraged from pursuing graduate work of a more demanding nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
and yet remain unmoved '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who soon made a break from journalism to become one of the capital's leading semi-abstract painters , vows that he and [FILTERED] never once discussed art in those days . (Filtered Words: 2)
At meter wave lengths an increase of the order of 10-degrees in the average disk temperatures of the nearer planets would be expected . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Score each frankfurter in four or five places about a third of the way through . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You gonna give me a drink , fella '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Tooth-hurty '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proves a college education pays off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- emphasizes the Virgin birth (Filtered Words: 0)
The company which performed the Pulitzer Prize musical here last night and will repeat it twice today is full of bounce , the politicians are in fine voice , the chorines evoke happy memories , and the Little Flower rides to break a lance again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , the analyticity of the two curves guarantees that such intervals exist . (Filtered Words: 0)
All they could think of was to run around in circles , kicking their legs out . (Filtered Words: 0)
We talk about national character in the same way that Copernicus talked of the compulsions of celestial bodies to move in circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Following Day was Woodbury who spoke of his disapproval of [FILTERED]'s attempt at servile insurrection , his admiration of [FILTERED]'s character , and his opposition to slavery . (Filtered Words: 2)
Rector had no idea why [FILTERED] wanted to visit the mission . (Filtered Words: 1)
as [FILTERED] says to the crowd in his last moments : `` His justice is not of this world '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
he often uses very odd rhythms , which makes it difficult , and challenging , for the lyric writer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
in conducting the Membership Preparation-Inquirers' Class , the pastor should plan a variety of teaching techniques in order to develop greater interest on the part of the class . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] wrote : `` I tooke order with Sr. E. Grevile for the payment of Ceartaine monei beefore his going towardes London . (Filtered Words: 1)
Radiation does not retard the chemical spoilage of food . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly a treble auto horn tootley-toot-tootled , and , thumbing hopefully , I saw emergent in windshield flash : red lips , streaming silk of blonde hair and -- ah , trembling confusion of hope , apprehension , despair -- the leering face of old [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
neither did he care that Aunt Rose provided for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sitting with a cup of coffee now . (Filtered Words: 0)
when the pope , trying no doubt to appeal to his better nature , said to him , `` You have already taken [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Unfriendly political groups will no doubt do everything in their power to promote active hostility . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're right about the fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
the colors of its back were dull and gray-looking , torn and smashed in , and dirty from the boy's shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was B'dikkat a crazy slave to his own duty or was he a man who had hopes of going back to his own planet some day , surrounded by a family of little cow-people resembling himself ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And fats . (Filtered Words: 0)
Distillers use corn , malt , wheat , grain sorghum , and rye in making beverage alcohol . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll talk over at your office '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can hardly wait '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She lived in an ultra-modern house whose decoration , appointments , paint , and even pets were chosen to complement her coloring ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Just think of old [FILTERED] who pulled the teeth of [FILTERED] ( her real name was Dorcas ) , and because he bungled the job and left two protruding tusks she put such a hex on him that he thought his legs were made of glass . (Filtered Words: 2)
Today our surging strength is apparent to everyone . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case I do not intend to let the present occasion pass without dealing more directly with the problem of implementing good intentions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guerrillas were racing toward him . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if he has time to go swimming , he had time to be with us '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In either case , it could call a special session of the Legislature later in 1961 to make another stab at raising additional revenues through a tax raiser . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , that's what I meant to tell you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pond is currently serving 1,230 persons or 260 persons per acre . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , refrigerated carriers have made the shipping of avocados possible to any place in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Y're the young [FILTERED] woman . (Filtered Words: 1)
treat lambs over 50 pounds and adults with 24 grams per animal . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is still heir to the rare gifts of space and silence , if he chooses to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
( cf. Hempel and Oppenheim , 1948 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
Selection of a source for commercial irradiation would involve consideration of numerous factors including required dose rate , load factor , throughput , convenience , safety , and most important , costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Austin , Texas (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Or perhaps a new [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
he was very thirsty , but he must observe water discipline . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If [FILTERED] is claiming that the choice lies between capitulation and the risk of nuclear war , I think he is right . (Filtered Words: 1)
F . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pretty little twittering WACS said he had the look of eagles -- and [FILTERED] , hating the cliche , had to admit that in this case it applied . (Filtered Words: 1)
And acculturation into the world at large is likely to occur for the Brooklyn College student after college rather than during the four school years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anglo-Saxon poetry appears to have no comparable amount of repetition ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Armed with constitutional power to negate the Executive's foreign policy , the Senate carries a big stick and is easily provoked to use it on the State Department's back , or on the head of the Secretary of State . (Filtered Words: 0)
And fourth , there were moderates who were in no hurry for independence and wished to wait until the Congo grew up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thank you , Keith '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The desire and ability to read are important aspects of our cultural life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The values Af are the ordinary values at Af of a multi-valued function g{t} which has components corresponding to those of f{t} . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] used the planetary transmission in his Model T and earlier cars and , in 1905 , as a precautionary measure , took out a license from the man who claimed to be its inventor . (Filtered Words: 1)
drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
the numerous squabbles over minor matters ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But the really controversial aspect of customer-cost imputation arises because of the cost analyst's frequent practice of including , not just those costs that can be definitely earmarked as incurred for the benefit of specific customers but also a substantial fraction of the annual maintenance and capital costs of the secondary ( low-voltage ) distribution system -- a fraction equal to the estimated annual costs of a hypothetical system of minimum capacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
American democratic thought , pointed up the relation between the Protestant movement in this country and the development of a social religion , which he called the American Democratic Faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
in the exciting salons of his lovely , brilliant Paris -- mistress of gaiety -- excess and abandon -- world theatre of new-found freedoms in tone , color , dance , design , and thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus in Prokofieff the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics produced one of the great composers of the Twentieth Century . (Filtered Words: 0)
Doctors at the hospital said he was partially paralyzed on the right side . (Filtered Words: 0)
It looks pretty efficient and that's the important thing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kodyke had appeared at the mine one day bearing a letter from Kruger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tenements , stores , saloons , some gambling , I hope not too much . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you publicized the cents-per-hour value of the company's share of insurance premiums ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't like to exhibit the deadly dampening effect of an elderly man's caution '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has four promising 2-year-old pacers . (Filtered Words: 1)
They were said to be `` on their heads '' when grazin' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A year later they were removed to a Stalag in the harbor of Stettin . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gathered that this had been no small accomplishment . (Filtered Words: 1)
His bridgework or his plates feel loose and monstrous . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the columns around the immense dome are round plaques with Arabic writing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something of the behavior of clouds of small particles can be illustrated by the following field trials : (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , I reloaded my gun , as the other men were doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
One reason for the unique vitality of the chorus is its great variety in expression . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gathered that this had been no small accomplishment . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rameau's Six Concerts En Sextuor , recorded by [FILTERED] [FILTERED] ( BAM LD 046 ) , turn out to be harpsichord pieces arranged for strings apparently by the composer himself . (Filtered Words: 2)
Those who join the Church need to be instructed in the faith and the meaning of Christian discipleship before they take the sacred vows . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this would mean that we live in a mechanistic universe , governed by the laws of cause and effect , bound in chains of determinism that hold the universe on a completely predetermined course in which there is not room for soul or spirit or human freedom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet if Washington gets too indignant about Soviet fallout , it will have to do a lot of fast footwork if America decides it too must start pushing up the radiation count . (Filtered Words: 0)
We'll have oystchers -- couple bar'l oystchers'll fetch in a crowd any time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] hadn't got around to taking care of that . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But it's understandable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Start on hands and feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
The choice of the heading technique is dependent upon the accuracy requirements , field conditions , and the time available to accomplish the heading . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] glanced briefly at him , seeing only a body rigidly erect behind the languid banner . (Filtered Words: 1)
Later on this problem vanished , and the `` Flower Song '' from Bizet's `` Carmen '' was beautifully and intelligently projected . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know what I'm talking about in that department '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
With meat , milk , butter and ice cream , the calorie-heavy U.S. diet is 40% fat , and most of that is saturated fat -- the insidious kind , says Dr. [FILTERED] , that increases blood cholesterol , damages arteries , and leads to coronary disease . (Filtered Words: 1)
Washington , Feb. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] is dandy , but liquor is quicker and you don't have any candy for sale here anyhow '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Benson said to Ramey . (Filtered Words: 0)
Give her time to miss you . (Filtered Words: 0)
) , had listed himself for [FILTERED] roles at the instigation of his fourth murder victim who had said : `` With your beard , dear , you ought to be in movies '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
By 1907 the number of undergraduates had risen to 1,107 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early in 1822 he was at Fort Garry offering to bring in pork , flour , liquor and tobacco . (Filtered Words: 0)
He might have been in collusion with Johnston on the fraud ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The absence of successful Negroes in the world of scholarship and science has tended to tamp down enthusiasm among Negro youth for academic careers . (Filtered Words: 0)
He crawled beneath the two supply wagons which stood between the buildings and peered around a corner . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked , keeping his voice casual . (Filtered Words: 0)
It isn't as expensive as most people believe it to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be seen that where the scope is similar , the Athabascan ratios come out somewhat higher ( as indeed they ought to with a total ratio of 2.8 as against 3.5 or 4 : 5 ) except for verbs , where alone the Athabascan ratio is lower . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm an advertising hustler , I admit , but I have to get hot once in a larger sphere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , don't worry . (Filtered Words: 0)
So we hurried over . (Filtered Words: 0)
and finally , the best part of all , simply sit at the plank table in the kitchen with a bottle of wine and the newspapers , reading the ads as well as the news , registering nothing on her mind but letting her soul suspend itself above all wishing and desire . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] introduced him into several Roman homes . (Filtered Words: 1)
But Oakwood Heights is unique in one particular . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] no doubt concurs in principle but is more apt to make exceptions to achieve a generous and `` just '' result . (Filtered Words: 1)
So I drank more cognac . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beebe tells of one private car that has gold plumbing . (Filtered Words: 0)
from the General's idea a chain reaction occurred . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Soviet Embassy is popularly regarded as Russian espionage headquarters . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] paused for breath . (Filtered Words: 1)
A brief course in hydraulics from the pool builders may well be appreciated in a future crisis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he asked to use the phone and called [FILTERED] , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o'clock . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rachel said , `` I'd better get him to bed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he had finished he led him and the mare to the porch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then simmer fifteen minutes longer . (Filtered Words: 0)
To insure uniformity in the meaning of national law , however , state interpretations are subject to Supreme Court review . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sheeran , a lawyer and former FBI man is running against the Republican organization's candidate , [FILTERED] , for the vacancy left by the resignation of [FILTERED] , now a member of the State Board of Tax Appeals . (Filtered Words: 2)
The idea here is one of discharge but this must stand in opposition to a second view , [FILTERED]'s notion of the arousal of emotion . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ernie's eyebrows went up . (Filtered Words: 0)
The settlement was called Shawomet . (Filtered Words: 0)
We want to know when the [FILTERED] telephone exactly how many they are planning to bring , so that we won't end up with a splashing mob that looks like Coney Island in August . (Filtered Words: 1)
Federal assistance is limited to half of the total expenditure , and the state or local districts must pay at least half . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such is the field for exercising our reverence . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` To prevent hoodlums from infiltrating the state as they did in the Republican administration in the early 1940s '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for [FILTERED] , the only thing Theresa could remember at the moment about him ( except his paper knife ) was that he had had exceptionally long hands and feet and one night about one o'clock in the morning the whole [FILTERED] family had been aroused to go next door at Cousin Emma's call -- first Papa , then Mother , then Theresa and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
What was he expiating ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And the other people there were listening ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
As a rule , part-time farmers hire little help . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , the attitude in Jewish families is far more protective toward the daughter than toward the son . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nothing '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
He started to return it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since broadcast frequencies are very limited in number , these objectives are to some extent inconsistent in that not all of them can be fully realized , and to the extent that each is realized , there is a corresponding reduction of the possibilities for fullest achievement of the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
This nondrying oil , however , is now more in demand than ever before as a fine lubricant , as a constituent of fluids for hydraulically operated equipment , and as a source of chemicals to make plastics . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the great edge the two Yankees have going for them . (Filtered Words: 0)
By clarifying fundamental premises in the social sciences , and defining the logical problems emergent at the borderlands of each new scientific discipline , philosophy can offer the sort of distinction that can accelerate growth in human understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fifteen '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] agreed . (Filtered Words: 1)
they weigh around nine pounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
To make one nation out of these disparities would be a problem large enough in any case ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is interesting that , although the percentage of married students is not appreciably higher at Brooklyn than elsewhere -- about 30 per cent of the women and 25 per cent of the men in the graduating class -- the anxiety of the unmarried has puffed up the estimate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] , world-famous theologian and medical missionary , has endorsed an Easter March for Disarmament which begins tomorrow in Sunnyvale . (Filtered Words: 1)
This action was rationalized on the basis of a small survey which indicated that a high percentage of married freshmen women on our campus never become sophomores . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
We are left to choose between the two Lindemanns . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is not allowed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Your continuing editorials concerning the Schuylkill Expressway are valuable ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hearst's luck was even poorer when he had a chat with [FILTERED] , a prominent California journalist and reform politician , whom he asked for his support . (Filtered Words: 1)
These provisions are designed to reflect the differences in wealth and population among the States , with the objective that a vocationally handicapped person have access to needed services regardless of whether he resides in a State with a low or high per capita income or a sparsely or thickly populated State . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the time the fielder got his hands on the ball [FILTERED] was rounding third base and heading for home . (Filtered Words: 1)
What a silly , artificial way of life , [FILTERED] and his librettists chuckle . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] is opposed in his re-election bid by [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
That did it , if mine didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How's [FILTERED] like rubbin' agin that thar little ticklebrush ye're a-raising '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
She stayed away for ten days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bermuda was not in style that year . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can talk . (Filtered Words: 0)
The saline tubes were saved and used for the indirect Coombs test in the following manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
By this time she had learned that it was futile to argue with her young husband , yet the uncomfortable fact remained : the American Congregationalists were sending them as missionaries to the Far East and paying their salaries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Founded August 24 , 1690 by [FILTERED] of the East India Company , and commonly called `` The City of Palaces '' , it seemed a vast and elegant place to Ann Hasseltine Judson . (Filtered Words: 1)
It did not . (Filtered Words: 0)
He remained there for four years before moving to Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
but the mood is not quite nostalgic -- Hardy would not allow sentiment to soften his sense of the irredeemable pastness of the past , and the eternal deadness of the dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some day we might see a Federation of Prison and [FILTERED] , with a leader busily trying to organize reformatory occupants , defendants out on bail , convicts opposed to probation officers , etc. . (Filtered Words: 1)
Though they saw the old-style chemical rockets lift up from the field beyond [FILTERED]'s cabin , they did not make plans to hide among the frozen crop of transmuted flesh . (Filtered Words: 1)
One main type of malocclusion is characterized by a receding chin and protruding upper front teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's your name , anyway ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Damp also . (Filtered Words: 0)
Content excited ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a Neiman-Marcus award winner the titian-haired Miss [FILTERED] is a personification of the individual look so important to fashion this season . (Filtered Words: 1)
In People vs. Fisher , Justice Savage of the New York Supreme Court declared : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] tried to contain her curiosity and foreboding at what the letter portended , at what involvement existed for Juanita . (Filtered Words: 1)
He remembers the desperate , panting breath ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
These programs are volumes of waste paper and lost hours if the citizens of a community must stand aside while land developers tell them when , where , and in what manner the community shall grow . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Chinese emperor , by proper observance of ritual , manifested divine powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The way was opening up ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Through quiet laughter his mother said , `` Don't speak to your father like that , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
To the Weston house came once [FILTERED] , the president of Smith College who had been one of my old professors and who still called me `` Boy '' when I was sixty . (Filtered Words: 1)
the old couples . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they are not ellipsoids , the conclusions will be a reasonable approximation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charitable deductions come in for closer scrutiny by the I.R.S. . (Filtered Words: 0)
To Spahn will go the Sid Mercer Memorial Award as the chapter's player of the year . (Filtered Words: 0)
But then it is immediate that Af , i.e. , that **ya is in the range of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Root and stem tumors from sweet clover plants infected with WTV were quick-frozen in liquid nitrogen , embedded in ice , and cut at 3 - 6 **ym in a cryostat maintained at -16-degrees to -20-degrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
These differences in turn result from the fact that my Yokuts vocabularies were built up of terms selected mainly to insure unambiguity of English meaning between illiterate informants and myself , within a compact and uniform territorial area , but that Hoijer's vocabulary is based on Swadesh's second glottochronological list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined . (Filtered Words: 0)
and in this square , the respective pairs made up of large and small odd ( [FILTERED] ) numbers , and those composed of large and small even ( [FILTERED] ) numbers , were all equal to each other . (Filtered Words: 2)
The Drexel collection , called Composite , to be shown by Titche's offers a realistic approach to decorating , a mature modern that is a variation of many designs . (Filtered Words: 0)
his fists clutched so tightly that his knuckles hurt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such talk is seriously in error . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's the only copy I've got '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mortar is poured between this bracing and the 4-inch blocks on edge to complete the wall thickness for radiation shielding . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A 208-pound , 6-foot 1-inch senior from Stamford , Moritz practices nothing but place-kicking . (Filtered Words: 0)
You've done me the greatest possible service . (Filtered Words: 0)
She gave a fine portrayal of [FILTERED] on Broadway in 1958 and has appeared in live television from `` Captain Brassbound's Conversion '' to `` [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
He was in and out of Mount Alto Hospital for veterans any number of times . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet I adored this man , [FILTERED] , why , I cannot say . (Filtered Words: 1)
I wish our doctor could have saved her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She glinted suspiciously at the dish before her : `` blowfish . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] from the herb garden was also used to stop bleeding , and rue was an antiseptic . (Filtered Words: 1)
Anaconda : (Filtered Words: 0)
Tri-State has acquired its exclusive distribution for the northern , principal heating states . (Filtered Words: 0)
Between the ponderous hulk and himself , in the valley over which Papa-san reigned , men had hidden high explosives , booby traps , and mines . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have no card '' , she said bitterly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He gazed away from us as we approached . (Filtered Words: 0)
That this abandonment takes place on a stage , during an ' artistic ' performance , is enough to associate [FILTERED] with art , and to bring down upon him the punishment for art ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
211 pages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Places , too , have their haunting qualities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morals aside , the fat man has plenty to worry about -- over and above the fact that no one any longer loves him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maggie had shaken himself awake and was licking the sand off his stubby whiskers and his long plume of a tail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of the available information comes not from the Federal government but from an exchange of experiences among states . (Filtered Words: 0)
By this scheme , pulling one signal to clear locks all the other switch and signal levers in safe positions until the first signal is again restored to normal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Retirement policies (Filtered Words: 0)
But as November 1924 drew close the Democratic hierarchy was sorely troubled by grapevine reports that O'Banion was being wooed by the opposition , and was meeting and conferring with important Republicans . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thoroughgoing idealization of the planter society did not come , however , until after the Civil War when Southern writers were eager to defend a way of life which had been destroyed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mama was vulnerable ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sections of sweet clover stem and root tumors were treated with 1 : 10 solution of Af for 30 minutes , washed in buffered saline for 15 minutes , stained with Af for 30 minutes , and washed for 15 minutes in Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
A significant reduction in the voume of store information is thus realized , especially for a highly inflected language such as Russian . (Filtered Words: 0)
He gives this to the medium at the appointed time , and the reading then will be concerned with material about or messages from the communicator . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED]'s latest warning to the Communist world that the United States will build up its military strength to meet any challenge in Berlin or elsewhere was , somewhat surprisingly , reported in full text or fairly accurate excerpts behind the Iron Curtain . (Filtered Words: 1)
Scotty said the same words more loudly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A `` wet herd '' was a herd of cattle made up entirely of cows , while `` wet stuff '' referred to cows givin' milk . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He wanted Mr. [FILTERED] to pose with one of the guitars he had displayed behind glass in the center of his shop , but the poet eyed this somewhat distastefully . (Filtered Words: 1)
The process consists in turning the platform manually until the outputs of both accelerometers are zero . (Filtered Words: 0)
The general basis on which these common costs are assigned to differently measured units of service will be illustrated by the following highly simplified problem of an electric-utility cost analysis . (Filtered Words: 0)
You feel him every mile further away . (Filtered Words: 0)
The structured schools were in an industrial city , with three-family tenement houses typical of the residential areas , but with one rather sizable section of middle-class homes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The larvae , kept warm by the queen , are full grown in about ten days . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- We won't be too long . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of highest value '' (Filtered Words: 0)
In the regular sections they have always been more or less discouraged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Expands and contracts (Filtered Words: 0)
Roll clay to thickness indicated in individual instructions . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no question of that . (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of the dreams of the host for oneness in the group , the Af incoming messages for each guest overload his receiving system beyond comprehension if N exceeds about six . (Filtered Words: 0)
there was a contorted ugliness now ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Center panel , hand-screened wood , actually is a back of one of the tall bookcases . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1952 , the European Coal and Steel Community was launched , placing the coal and steel production of France , West Germany , Italy and Benelux under a supranational High Authority . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her laugh was hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have no answer as to why we are not alarmed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew we were looking and he enjoyed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Go on in '' , he says . (Filtered Words: 0)
This combined experience , on a foundation of very average , I assure you , intelligence and background , has helped me do things many well-informed people would bet heavily against . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her little speech was totally out of character with the sort of person I thought she was . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , without knowing why , she found herself running from them , fleeing wildly through the trees , dodging her own shadows until she came to a little hollow in the rocky ground with a big stone in the center behind which she knelt and hid , listening to the madness of her heart and wanting for once to cry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Looked at everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
An oversize unit will cool off your house quickly , then shut down for a long period . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two tax revision bills were passed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two quick shots sounded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the first in the series of `` Concerts for Young People by Young People '' to be sponsored by First Lady [FILTERED] at the White House . (Filtered Words: 1)
A kind of double standard exists here for Jewish boys and girls as it does in the realm of sex . (Filtered Words: 0)
He struggled out of his clothes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The linguistic and paralinguistic signals of misery are all present in the voice chart for this sentence ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Read , for instance , in [FILTERED] [FILTERED] and her wise father [FILTERED] , and her final adjustment to encroaching civilization . (Filtered Words: 3)
He had written to me about a dinner he had had with the [FILTERED] monks at St. Anselm's Priory in Washington . (Filtered Words: 1)
When ity is added , real clearly has two syllables . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Military knowledge , love of detail , and a sure feeling for the portrayal of action were the added ingredients . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
I started looking on the splintery truck bed for a piece of board , a dirt clod -- anything I could throw and with better aim than I had thrown the beer bottle . (Filtered Words: 0)
The half-man woke , recognized [FILTERED] and gave him a healthily sleepy grin . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now he looked at her . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had a tiny envelope tied to its wrist . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be heartbreaking to see idealism , and hence effective leadership , thwarted by the poverty and hardship which young Americans will run into . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this type of system , a high loop gain is desirable because it provides a fast response time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The revised procedure was acclaimed as a long-overdue reform . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew the only way I could beat you was to play possum , but it was a good try , kid , and I appreciate it . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the fault , of course , was [FILTERED]'s . (Filtered Words: 1)
I even ferreted out the materials from which shields were made -- linden wood covered with leather -- so I'd get the light reflections accurate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The symbol for division is a straight line that separates two numbers placed one above the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
A 50-inch width is used on each side and it laps the keel line by about three inches . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw `` Fiorello ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Field operations were transferred from administrative personnel primarily engaged in other tasks to specially trained teams of full-time African investigators ( three teams , each working in two provinces ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
In many instances it can withhold or limit its aid to countries not yet willing to make such efforts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such needs may rise to pathological proportions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take a picture of the group of new members to be put in the church paper or placed on the bulletin board . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Bobbie , with [FILTERED] behind him , will have plenty of other opportunities . (Filtered Words: 1)
He did not ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The great absorbency of this tissue and the fact that it is easier to control than a sponge makes it an ideal tool for the watercolorist . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tallyho had cost Vernon $2,300 . (Filtered Words: 0)
the trees' shadows circled from street to sidewalk , from sidewalk to lawn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Very simple '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the time of his capture Helion had on his person a sketchbook he had bought at Woolworth's in New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] told the parents he would escort them to police headquarters in a half hour . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fire District No. 1 discussed its possible purchase in 1945 , but considered it an unwise investment . (Filtered Words: 0)
All I know is that they are gone '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
U.S. `` prestige '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Crystallographic , physical , optical , and chemical properties . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said that when he was a Socialist in 1910 , the party called for government operation of all utilities and the pooling of all resources . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fan it '' , he told [FILTERED] , handing him a sheet of newspaper . (Filtered Words: 1)
The question becomes , `` What is a dream '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When a hole is to be bored to a predetermined depth , mark the depth on the side of the stock , then run the bit down so that it is even with the mark . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is assumed that the flux values increase by a factor of 2.512 per magnitude , in accordance with the opinion that the total mass flux in each unit range in magnitude is constant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Go a step further and list all the wonderful barbecue basics -- cervelat , salami , Vienna sausages , mettwurst , bratwurst , bockwurst , knackwurst , [FILTERED] , pepperoni , blutwurst -- and you have a long list of easy specialties . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] showed this wire to Colonel [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` It will be very cold '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A vigorous program existed in skiing , skating sports and overnight hiking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gen. [FILTERED] will report to President [FILTERED] in a few days on the results of his visit to South Viet Nam and , judging from some of his remarks to reporters in the Far East , he is likely to urge a more efficient mobilization of Vietnamese military , economic , political and other resources . (Filtered Words: 2)
Don't think barbecue cooking is just sometimes , or seasonal . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- (Filtered Words: 0)
The pressure within the ghetto causes the ghetto walls to expand , and this expansion is always violent . (Filtered Words: 0)
She kicked the locker lid shut and replaced the cushion . (Filtered Words: 0)
F . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had tuned her sight to the proper degree . (Filtered Words: 0)
At what stage are social sciences then ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] went over to [FILTERED] and stood over him . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` What's the name of his other leg '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But from the start they had two important ingredients : sincerity and realism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarities to the approach which I have described are evident in the prompt establishment of a helping relationship , quick appraisal of key issues , and the immediate mobilization of treatment plans as the essential dynamics in helping to further the ego's coping efforts in dealing with the interplay of inner and outer stresses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Amy still missing . (Filtered Words: 0)
A curious thought to end a curious night . (Filtered Words: 0)
He rose slowly and looked into the mirror on the inside of the closet door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Communist gains (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an interpretation of death radically alters the Christian view of creation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The gunman nodded , slipping the picture into his breast pocket , saying nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The truth is , however , that when [FILTERED] first reported to the regiment the only steed he had ever ridden was a swivel chair and the only weapon he had ever wielded was a pencil . (Filtered Words: 1)
We are also struck by the fact that this story of a boy's love for his mother does not offend , while the incestuous love of the man , [FILTERED] , sometimes repels . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was just short of arm's reach when he stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
She began to laugh . (Filtered Words: 0)
An important criterion of maturity is creativity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mama was very patriotic , and one of the duties she was proudest of was repairing the edges of the flag that flew above the White House . (Filtered Words: 0)
This season the orchestra has already taken a step toward the suburbs in that it is giving six subscription concerts for the Orchestral Society of Westchester in the County Center in White Plains . (Filtered Words: 0)
The responsibility for scores of deaths , including the abduction and murder of Jesus Maria Galindez , a professor at Columbia University in New York , has been laid at his door . (Filtered Words: 0)
by minimizing the number of committees . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he collapsed and died instantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this seems to me untrue . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
It concerned an officer who had been disgraced and drummed out . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was strictly the deputy's game , but McBride had gone too far to throw in . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nest itself , the structure that in some cases housed about 2,000 individuals when the season was at its peak , is now rapidly destroyed by the scavenging larvae of certain beetles and moths . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now one hears that heat and hot water are used instead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thayer shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ordered the driver to back up , watched the children safely across and was approaching the car when it suddenly `` took off at high speed '' , he said , narrowly missing him . (Filtered Words: 1)
It has not been extirpated by ten years of Communist depersonalization . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is scheduled to go forward at a rate which will steadily add to our strength . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rousseau agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone reasonably trustworthy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And I so want the part '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under modern conditions , this is especially true of the ready reserve . (Filtered Words: 0)
Characteristics of defense sales activities ( Part B of the questionnaire ) 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alone , [FILTERED] examined the doors . (Filtered Words: 1)
The weather bureau has estimated that radioactive fallout from the test might arrive here next week . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , for practical purposes , we have people who can be considered as such . (Filtered Words: 0)
Severe back pain in June , 1959 , prompted a third hospital admission . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dormitories , including the beloved Dartmouth Hall , could barely house two hundred students in Spartan fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The charge was so farfetched that [FILTERED] paid little attention to it , and answered Pike in a rather bored way , wearily declaring that a `` new hand '' was pumping the bellows of the [FILTERED] organ , and concluding : `` In a controversy with an adversary so utterly destitute of moral principles , even a triumph would entitle the victor to no laurels . (Filtered Words: 2)
If they're Japs . (Filtered Words: 0)
For in the modern world neither `` spirit '' nor `` matter '' refer to any generally agreed-upon elements of experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some time this writer has been suggesting a Junior Judging Class for Intermediates over 16 and under 20 years of age who are ineligible to compete in the Junior Class . (Filtered Words: 0)
But ask coach [FILTERED] what position he plays and you'll get the quick response , `` place-kicker '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Had Krim gone farther from New York than Chapel Hill , he might have discovered that large numbers of American Jews do not find his New York version of the Jews' lot remotely recognizable . (Filtered Words: 0)
And as the businessmen have begun to act , a real sense of co-operation has sprung up . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most delightful spots in a southern tour is the city of New Orleans . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the war , [FILTERED] had wanted [FILTERED] at least to visit her home with her . (Filtered Words: 2)
The titles he could read easily through the criss-crossed wires : works on theology , astral physics , history , biology , political science . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , for the case of squares inscribed in plane curves , we remove the restriction to convexity and give certain other results . (Filtered Words: 0)
These carriers cut handling costs for the dealer -- and the builder (Filtered Words: 0)
The savings are not as great , however , as is sometime supposed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take my word , can't you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us therefore consider each of the three types of cost in turn , recognizing that this simplified classification is used only for illustrative purposes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey swung and caught the man just to the left of his mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan himself had sciatica again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , it can be argued that an ability to write English correctly and with some degree of elegance is a marketable skill . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would come down to saying that Fromm paints with a broad brush , and that , after all , is not a conclusion one must work toward but an impression he has from the outset . (Filtered Words: 0)
The case of the judges in the 58th precinct of the 23d ward had been heard previously and taken under advisement by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
For them a box will be lodgment enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Preparations are being made for similar experiments on CH and SH radicals . (Filtered Words: 0)
A sense of self-certainty and the freedom to experiment with different roles , or confidence in one's own unique behavior as an alternative to peer-group conformity , is more easily developed during adolescence if , during early childhood , the individual was permitted to exercise initiative and encouraged to develop some autonomy . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , for practical purposes , we have people who can be considered as such . (Filtered Words: 0)
It met these problems by the creation of the state automobile maintenance unit ( more popularly called the motor pool ) , a centralized operation for the maintenance and control of all state transportation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wouldn't even dance with her at Gavin's party . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our collective policies , group and national , are similarly based on voodoo , but here we often lack even the empirically successful rituals and are still engaged in determing them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , during any given year ( A ) if the revenues from the residential service are $7,000,000 , ( B ) if the operating expenses imputed to this class of service come to $5,000,000 , and ( C ) if the net investment in ( or value of ) the plant and equipment deemed devoted to this service amounts to $30,000,000 , the cost analyst will report that residential service , in the aggregate , has yielded a return of $2,000,000 or 6-2/3 per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
One had to find a donor , and usually very quickly , whose blood corresponded with the patient's . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] , I tabulated these 71 items in five columns , according as they were expressed by 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , and more than 4 stems . (Filtered Words: 1)
In fact , he did not think about [FILTERED] at all until he entered his living room and closed the door behind him . (Filtered Words: 1)
He made his way back to the Jeep . (Filtered Words: 0)
The film has an adhesive on the back which permits it to be stripped onto the acrylic panels forming the sign , and also to be stripped off for replacement by new copy as required . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He had four children , two sets of twins . (Filtered Words: 0)
it conceals and yet is suggestive ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not exactly panic they gave way to , but they could not just sit there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some even say that this is the reason for the ultimate acceptance of the former . (Filtered Words: 0)
But worth waiting for . (Filtered Words: 0)
The woman in the house where the niece was staying backed up his story and said she left when he did to shop for her dinner . (Filtered Words: 0)
His ideal was [FILTERED] of Macedon , as Napoleon's was Julius Caesar . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is power with which we can literally rebuild the world , provide adequate housing , food , education , abundant living for everyone everywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's the law . (Filtered Words: 0)
There might have been a fence or a house just over the next rise ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Listen , mister . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought that if once , only once , he could talk with [FILTERED] , something about his own life , and all life , would be clear and simple . (Filtered Words: 1)
Barbecued frankfurters (Filtered Words: 0)
It fell , February 6 , 1827 , carrying with it a horse and wagon , two men and four oxen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor [FILTERED] said last night he plans to name a committee to make the study and come up with recommendations for possible changes in time for the next session of the General Assembly . (Filtered Words: 1)
but after war came to Europe , he decided to return to France , arriving there in January , 1940 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had kept his eyes down throughout the game , the very sound of the chatter nearly painful to his ears . (Filtered Words: 1)
Spraying continued along a two-mile course . (Filtered Words: 0)
A small pressure unbalance displaces the diaphragm and changes the capacitance between the diaphragm and an electrically insulated plate spaced 0.001 in. apart ( for Af ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
As Lipton puts it : `` The Eros is felt in the magic circle of marijuana with far greater force , as a unifying principle in human relationships , than at any other time except , perhaps , in the mutual metaphysical orgasms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Using [FILTERED]'s method , the fast-closing action is obtained from the blackening of a window by exploding a series of parallel lead wires . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gone back for reunions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The elder Bearden had one pistol in his hand , the other in a hip pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
Undoubtedly none of the residents realize the influence their town has had on American military history , or the deeds of valor that have been done in its name . (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic objectives in each instance are to make available supplies of food during the intervals between harvesting or slaughter , to minimize losses resulting from the action of microorganisms and insects , and to make it possible to transport foods from the area of harvest or production to areas of consumption . (Filtered Words: 0)
went into the forward stateroom and locked the door behind him . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stood quite still , trying to focus upon a direction in which to turn , a path to follow , a clue to guide her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Serve in frankfurter buns or as a meat dish . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was `` Duty '' he said that his parents had given him as a rule -- beyond even the love that suffused his being and the sense of humor with which he was largely supplied -- and it was duty he would perform , though it cost him acute pain and exhausted him by the age of fifty . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reel itself became and still is the standard of measure for the movies . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also reminded himself that he had an unusual number of possibilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
We stood under a gigantic tree in the rolling country just outside of Moscow looking at silent flowers on the grave of a Russian poet and writer who cherished the love for his country to the point of foregoing the highest international honor . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was because of this chain-reaction as much as for any other reason -- that is , because of the growing independence of the planar unit in collage as a shape -- that the identity of depicted objects , or at least parts of them , re-emerged in Braque's and [FILTERED]'s papiers colles and continued to remain more conspicuous there -- but only as flattened silhouettes -- than in any of their paintings done wholly in oil before the end of 1913 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Another question that arose was the nature of the dialogue itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shortcuts unnoticed (Filtered Words: 0)
Her cough sounded like cloth ripping . (Filtered Words: 0)
and that competition for this share of the market was endangered by the financial relationship between the two concerns : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
two American Watercolor Society prizes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The hope was vain . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the system is arranged for automatic leveling , the platform angles respond to any horizontal components of acceleration acting on the accelerometers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The receiver clicked in my ear . (Filtered Words: 0)
In instances where both of these are persons or firms with integrity , the situation is ideal . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the new situation , philosophy is able to provide the social sciences with the same guidance that mathematics offers the physical sciences , a reservoir of logical relations that can be used in framing hypotheses having explanatory and predictive value . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though [FILTERED] , by grace of Soviet tanks , may be head man in East Germany , that does not give him any right to usurp the government of East Berlin or to absorb that semi-city into the Soviet zone . (Filtered Words: 1)
At a third stage in the modernization process are such countries as India , Brazil , the Philippines , and Taiwan , which are ready and committed to move into the stage of self-sustaining growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the skiff hove into sight , just a dot of light at first against the roiling blackness and crimson streaks of the Coal Sack . (Filtered Words: 0)
He travelled all over the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
They met next morning and all the mornings thereafter . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the assignment pass of Phase 3 , , index words and electronic switches are reserved as they are encountered during assignment . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were pink bathing suits on blondes , and browny-haired girls in red or black or green bathing suits . (Filtered Words: 0)
This involves step-by-step progress , and such will have to be the day-by-day work of lexicostatistics as a growing body of scientific inquiry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Should [FILTERED] have been able to leave room in his social theory for the advent of television , atomic energy , and IBM machines ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
You ought to know that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You should also begin this exercise with a very light barbell until you become accustomed to it balance-wise . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were , I felt , people invariably trying to prove not who , but what they were , and trying to determine what , not who , others were . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is Eromonga -- look hard , you can see with your naked eye the wooden scaffolding on the cliff '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
sales and production of home sets were about equal at 10.4 million units . (Filtered Words: 0)
all day long the Caravan slowly made her way through the difficult passages . (Filtered Words: 0)
The careless writing was in keeping with his mood of savage discontent . (Filtered Words: 0)
She must not think about time . (Filtered Words: 0)
U.S. `` prestige '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Australia , the Philippine Islands , Japan , and northern China were inhabited by those members of the Haijac Union that spoke American . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have to see the facts '' , is the way the prince puts it . (Filtered Words: 0)
the schism between central city and suburb , Negro and White , blue collar and white collar can be viewed as symptomatic of this deeper polarization of trends in the metropolis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though there is obviously nothing new about these techniques , they do challenge the worker's skill to articulate them precisely on the spot and on the basis of quick and accurate diagnostic assessments . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Held out of Texas Tech's sweat-suits drill Monday at Lubbock was tackle [FILTERED] , who is undergoing treatment for a leg injury suffered in the Raiders' 38-7 loss to Texas A & M Because of its important game with Arkansas coming up Saturday , [FILTERED] worked out in the rain Monday -- mud or no mud . (Filtered Words: 2)
At the same time , he is plainly sympathetic , clearly friendly . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a sense , the showdown promised by Mr. [FILTERED]'s sudden and tragic death has been avoided ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
So would radar picket ships . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'd have to wait till [FILTERED]'s back from Mexico City and also while I set it up with [FILTERED] to have her have an alibi for D-night . (Filtered Words: 2)
There was Sounder , too , also a veteran of the North Rim , and Rastus and the Rake from a pack of English fox-hounds , and a collie from a London pound , and Simba , a terrier . (Filtered Words: 0)
surely he was still resting snugly in my heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Overt socialism means government ownership and management of a nation's main industries . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the South , after the first year of the war , paper and ink were very poor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost immediately they began to sizzle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Toward the end of the semester's work , he interviewed every married class member at great length . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even if he is gifted with the merest mustard grain of imagination , something must seep in . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of Tunisia and [FILTERED] of Ireland were early favorites in the running , but France didn't like the former and the Soviet Union would have none of the latter . (Filtered Words: 2)
The latter jobs include major management responsibilities and have been filled by those who have come up primarily through the engineering-management side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Intermarriage , which is generally regarded as a threat to Jewish survival , was regarded not with horror or apprehension but with a kind of mild , clinical disapproval . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this publication measurements of interfacial angles of crystals are used to classify and identify chemical substances . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked to see a copy of Mrs. [FILTERED]'s will . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the soup tastes like dishwater , your employees won't blame the concessionaire . (Filtered Words: 0)
what next ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And like this English master , Mason realizes his subjects in large , simplified masses which , though they seem effortless , are in reality the result of skilled design born of hard work and a thorough distillation of the natural form that inspired them . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was somebody else in the apartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
had only a hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
the Episcopal Church was one block down Sussex Street ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The prediction was correct . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now , now '' , [FILTERED] said , approaching [FILTERED] with a handkerchief , mopping skillfully . (Filtered Words: 2)
They had risen from humble beginnings by their own diligence and astuteness , they were unfettered by the codes that bound nobles like Othon or even the older generation of clerks like Hotham , and they were working for an end that their opponents had never even visualized . (Filtered Words: 0)
The order of this congruence is Af , since Af secants of a curve of symbol ( B ) on a quadric surface pass through an arbitrary point . (Filtered Words: 0)
the Reverend [FILTERED] , a Unitarian minister ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The Jewish working girl almost invariably works in an office -- in contradistinction to gentile factory workers -- and , buttressed by a respectable income , she is likely to dress better and live more expansively than the college student . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Take a gigantic knife and sweep it over the Loop '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
He knew all the events which could take place on Shayol . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( surname : [FILTERED] ) , circa 30 , who was born in Italy and once did `` chorus work '' in Toronto , has been around longer than most of the others , wistfully remembers the old days when `` we used to get the seamen from the ships , you know , with big turtleneck sweaters and handkerchiefs and all . (Filtered Words: 2)
For the truth formerly experienced by the community no longer has existential status in the community , nor does any answer elaborated by philosophers or theoriticians . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet are not we of the mid-twentieth century , who rightly do not believe there is any such `` thing '' as the devil , just as bad off as they -- only in a different way ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Happy hitting (Filtered Words: 0)
But the citizens would , of course , never be sure that the decisions that resulted were as correct as they were expeditious . (Filtered Words: 0)
I stood on a table , surrounded by hundreds of expectant young faces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Has not that way been lit always by the lamp of liberalism up until the turning back under [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was elated at the prospect . (Filtered Words: 1)
The total heat flux from the porous plug into the plug holder is thereby Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The problems of a policy officer (Filtered Words: 0)
Even so , it adds up to impossible odds , except that the question arises , On whose side would the Mainland Chinese army fight ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Looking young for your age '' means `` for your age '' and it means no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
for Mother to be able to call , [FILTERED] must be napping now , surrounded by her multitude of dolls . (Filtered Words: 1)
Such genuine human leadership the proprietorship can offer , corporations cannot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Keep this to yourself '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once her trembling hand , with the pen grasped tight in it , was pressed against the paper the words came sharply , smoothly , as authoritatively as they would dropping from her own lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it is still very far from certain how valid the party's claim is that in `` a growing number of kolkhozes '' the peasants are finding it more profitable , to surrender their private plots to the kolkhoz and to let the latter be turned into something increasingly like a state farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
The woman seemed utterly unafraid of the snake which coiled on the floor in a torpor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The effect of device and quantum noise , associated with such low input levels , will be described . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd told [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] about his wife's refusal to come with him and about what he now intended to do . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Did you or did you not say what I said you said , because [FILTERED] said you never said what I said '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Here the Architect , referring to the use of the Capitol as a public building , not a museum , requested some repainting to maintain decorative effect , rather than leaving blank , unsightly patches . (Filtered Words: 0)
I heard the whir of an ax and a Canadian's face burst apart in a bloody spray . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is very easy to establish by induction on R that if F is in Af then Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] joined the club one week ago after completing his hitch under the Army's accelerated wintertime military course , also at Fort Knox , Ky. . (Filtered Words: 1)
When this proposal was made , [FILTERED] spoke with stronger emotion than at any other time during the Conference . (Filtered Words: 1)
Under that order , we have continued referring workers to the ranch . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , drain that old coolant down the storm sewer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contrary to popular belief , they were not great technical innovators . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the contrary , he was pleased that his face showed a neglect of several days . (Filtered Words: 0)
best growth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mavis smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
He and [FILTERED] of the Business School outlined the project at a recent conference . (Filtered Words: 1)
It turned out that the waves were not so high as in 1946 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proof . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What I'd like you to comment on is the criticism leveled at your Committee '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We like [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
Why , it's all right , isn't it , Mother '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Now he was going to show how much he knew . (Filtered Words: 0)
Common drilling tools (Filtered Words: 0)
For in almost less time than it takes to tell it , [FILTERED]'s bodyweight was increasing rapidly . (Filtered Words: 1)
8 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
And when the child dies in [FILTERED]'s story in a delirium that is somehow brought on by his mania to win and to make his mother rich , the manifest absurdity of such a disease and such a death does not enter into our thoughts at all . (Filtered Words: 1)
When a city has arranged things like this you cannot easily change them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He can smell again the perfume she wore and recall the lilting sound of laughter , and can smell again the aroma of autumn -- fallen leaves , the wine of cool air , and the nostalgia of woodsmoke which blows through all the winds of fall . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] thanked her , and hoped he might meet her nephew back home , and asked her if she had any further news of the Pope . (Filtered Words: 1)
Eleazar , pausing on the Hanover plain , found its great forests and remoteness good and with his own hands built the first College Hall , a log hut dedicated `` for the education & instruction of Youth of the Indian Tribes in this Land in reading , writing & all parts of learning which shall appear necessary and expedient for civilizing & christianizing Children of Pagans as well as in all liberal Arts and Sciences ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Ensign Vesole and his gunners had fought valiantly , but they had no targets . (Filtered Words: 0)
If this new Bible does not increase in significance by repeated readings throughout the years , it will not survive the ages as has the King James Version . (Filtered Words: 0)
Newcomers of social note from other parts of the country are [FILTERED] , formerly of Panama ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The other children in the class use this same coloring book and do a fairly good job with things their proper color . (Filtered Words: 0)
The resolution further asked that polling place proprietors affix an attachment to their premises for the display of the flag . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chance , he finds , enables him to create `` a world beyond imagination '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a moment she held her face to the empty doorway ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But the scar seemed to pull hard at the corner of his mouth , and his eyes were hurt and angry . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the tintable group are high and little heels , squared and oval throats , and shantung-like textures . (Filtered Words: 0)
( E ) (Filtered Words: 0)
( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
their talk and their feeling had been as deep and warm , as steeped in light , as the air around them . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is often stated that Copernican astronomy is ' simpler ' than Ptolemaic . (Filtered Words: 0)
It looks pretty efficient and that's the important thing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Revenue Service disallowed the claim , invoking a law provision that generally bars deductions for expenses incurred in connection with what it said was tax-exempt income . (Filtered Words: 0)
( He always smiles -- at least at visitors , I gather . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as heavily invested are the endeavors of multitudes of modern men who carry on the quest for the enchanting index . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite its rather long intellectual history , alienation is still a promising hypothesis and not a verified theory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both concepts are undergoing alteration ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The reason for that report was to settle the matter of the list . (Filtered Words: 0)
This agency accepted responsibility for medical services to a population ranging from 638,560 persons in 1941 to 840,503 in 1956 in the Kwango District and adjacent areas east of Leopoldville . (Filtered Words: 0)
She finally regained her balance and got up in the saddle . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , moreover , a perfectly integrated ensemble effort . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Catholic priest , though somewhat superficially drawn , easily came out the best . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through the telescope , [FILTERED] could see that both spacesuits were still attached to it . (Filtered Words: 1)
The radio stations did run `` transcripts '' ( I thought ) during the evening hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
The budget deficit (Filtered Words: 0)
Two unsolved mysteries are based on these facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 13 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , the only conceivable alternatives are those represented , on the one hand , by the two at least apparently self-consistent but mutually exclusive positions of Buri and Barth and , on the other hand , by the third but really pseudo position ( analogous to a round square ) of Bultmann . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had taken a carbine down from the wall and it trailed from his hand , the stock bumping on the wood floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The shutter aperture may be made larger or smaller by changing the foil area and adjusting the electrical energy input to the foil . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consulting Engineer , Heat Transfer (Filtered Words: 0)
One should be able to get hold of the book at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked hopefully , as she recognized the Scout Service uniform . (Filtered Words: 0)
( But that is another story . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this is what all too often happens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Granted that the Tammany name and the Tammany tiger often were regarded as badges of political shame , the sachems of the [FILTERED] also have a few good marks to their credit . (Filtered Words: 1)
Every pitch in the game brought forth a howl from the enraptured audience and every fly ball the visitors dropped ( and because their right fielder was still a little fuzzy from drink , they dropped many ) called forth yelps of derision . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Held out of Texas Tech's sweat-suits drill Monday at Lubbock was tackle [FILTERED] , who is undergoing treatment for a leg injury suffered in the Raiders' 38-7 loss to Texas A & M Because of its important game with Arkansas coming up Saturday , [FILTERED] worked out in the rain Monday -- mud or no mud . (Filtered Words: 2)
He's got him in the kitchen '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apart from misplaced modifiers and headlinese , journalism contributes a wide variety of comic ambiguities in both editorial and advertising matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
She might be firm . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was going to take a lot of activity to fill it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The novel , which is not merely dystopian but also brilliantly satiric , describes a future America where one-sixteenth of the population , the men who run advertising agencies and big corporations , control the rest of the people , the submerged fifteen-sixteenths who are the workers and consumers , with the government being no more than `` a clearing house for pressures '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
About dawn he got up to blow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negroes , Puerto Ricans , and rural newcomers are slowly making their way into the cities . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went around the corner and parked , turning off his lights and motor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the newest fabrication methods to enter the display field are expandable styrene molding and blow molding . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter is useful for modifying information about some or all forms of a word , hence reducing the work required to improve dictionary contents . (Filtered Words: 0)
Martin was standing a few feet from the front door . (Filtered Words: 0)
I opened the door , and [FILTERED] stumbled in -- fast -- as if Nadine had pushed him . (Filtered Words: 1)
To begin the interview , he asked if [FILTERED] , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . (Filtered Words: 1)
At a ceremony in the reception room of Mayor [FILTERED] , the Eagles were honored for winning the championship . (Filtered Words: 1)
for the developments in these areas make sense only if they are connected to the age of revolution itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Peace Corps volunteers are assured a tax benefit under the law creating the agency . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
The years suddenly fell away at this point . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , I have no permission to enter Germany '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Notre Dame report , reference was made to the fact that faculty members were reduced to `` luncheon-table communication '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Never mind , thank you '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm mad '' , shouted Payne , as he ran out into the hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was staring at the blue china lamp left on beside him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I called the other afternoon on my old friend , [FILTERED] , the Anglo-American literary critic -- his mother was born in Ohio -- who lives alone in a fairy-tale cottage on the Upson Downs , raising hell and peacocks , the former only when the venerable gentleman becomes an angry old man about the state of literature or something else that is dwindling and diminishing , such as human stature , hope , and humor . (Filtered Words: 1)
That keeps in the cold , retains moisture and prevents the heaving of alternate freezing and thawing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He dumped me in solitary twice '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fundamental source of knowledge in the world today is the book found in our libraries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Farmers are so eager for new machinery that they're haggling less over prices than they did a year ago , dealers report . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What about me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The fat man winced . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't that , however , which decided them not to go to America . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , daughter of the Ludlow Flowers Jr. , to [FILTERED] , son of the David Huntingtons . (Filtered Words: 2)
Mary is cheery and gay when her husband comes home in the evenings , and the children's bed-time is frequently preceeded by a session of happy , family rough-housing . (Filtered Words: 0)
You find the evidence of that in the chart on this page . (Filtered Words: 0)
It must have got there when you fell against me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oils , or liquid fats , from the seeds of flax and tung have long been the principal constituents of paints and varnishes for protecting and beautifying the surfaces of wood and metal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The veterans , idling on their benches in the Square , beneath the soldiers' monument , got to their feet when Papa approached : `` Morning , Reverend '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The owner . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dark forms moved like mourners on some nocturnal pilgrimage , their dirge unsung for want of vocal chords . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had just the same as delivered him into the hands of the Devil ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And she withdrew then to Cromwell Hall , in Cromwell , Connecticut . (Filtered Words: 0)
and Alsatians may be . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new `` Phedre '' was done in 17th century setting , instead of ancient Greek ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't believe them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The analyst is apt to be too honest to fit in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington , Aug. 4 (Filtered Words: 0)
It was to him that Barton had sent [FILTERED] on Dill's release from the prison . (Filtered Words: 1)
Jaggers' iron control over her ( `` she would remove her hands from any dish she put before him , hesitatingly , as if she dreaded his calling her back ) '' ) rests on his having once got her acquitted of a murder charge by cleverly contriving her sleeves at the trial to conceal her strength and by passing off the lacerations on the backs of her hands as the scratches of brambles rather than of human fingernails . (Filtered Words: 0)
The collection may be in an existing library , or it may be built up in a central collection . (Filtered Words: 0)
it is particularly the artist ( [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , Leverkuhn ) who suffers from it . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] not only reveals character through gesture , he makes hands a crucial element of the plot , a means of clarifying the structure of the novel by helping to define the hero's relations with all the major characters , and a device for ordering such diverse themes as guilt , pursuit , crime , greed , education , materialism , enslavement ( by both people and institutions ) , friendship , romantic love , forgiveness , and redemption . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is apt to rear back and claim his rights . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this was not unusual , because youth in these quarters was always pushed at a distance from its elders . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is often stated that the submarine can be destroyed while building , at bases , in transit , and on station . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had left us a legacy far more valuable than houses and lands and stocks and bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
After each presentation , the antagonist wrote his judgment of the salesmen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That improvement is continuing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mose asked softly . (Filtered Words: 0)
She left the next day for her teaching job at Princeton , Illinois . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two tall brothers waited silently while their mother handed [FILTERED] her cold snack and water jug , placed the chamber pot beside her feet , and returned to her place at the front of the wagon with Alice . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` The first two pilots had crashed '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The travel time of sound in tissue is about 1500 meters per second ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In one way the Institutes and Societies do a disservice to the schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
The collected works of [FILTERED] , now numbering 25 volumes ( including the present exhibit ) represent a high standard of literary excellence , as every schoolboy knows . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps the best way to indicate the versatility of design that characterizes the use of plastics in signs and displays would be to look at what is happening in only one of the areas in this complex field -- changeable signs . (Filtered Words: 0)
you must have a list of requirements on where , how many , and what type sites are needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
And that was not all . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did you hear them ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The Illinois Commission for [FILTERED] wishes to commend the recent announcement by the Catholic charities of the archdiocese of Chicago and DePaul University of the establishment of the Institute for Special Education at the university for the training of teachers for physically handicapped and mentally retarded children . (Filtered Words: 1)
the next , a cloud of gun smoke covered a screaming fury of sound , out of which the redcoat soldiers emerged with their bayonets and their cursing fury . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There the buffalo would roam , to be seen as a tapestry , not as moth-eaten zoo specimens . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , vice-president and secretary ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
No doubt Dolores resented following in their footsteps . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter looked backward upon inherited deficiencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
All his emotions had been inward , self-conscious . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cubism , in its 1911-1912 phase ( which the French , with justice , call `` hermetic '' ) was on the verge of abstract art . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
This , manifestly , would not provide $5000 to each of the surviving five children . (Filtered Words: 0)
In experiments with topical application of strychnine on the cerebral cortex , the transmission of impulses from the cortex to the hypothalamus was demonstrated . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , I'd drink with newspaper people . (Filtered Words: 0)
The people everywhere had grown meanwhile in devotion to basic democratic principles , in understanding of and belief in the federal balance , and in love of their Union . (Filtered Words: 0)
A goal was fixed , as given in Table 2 , and attention focused on its fulfillment . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had had to work on very simple foundations and had not dared to give rein to impulses . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the Half Moon put in at Dartmouth , England , in the fall of 1609 , word of Hudson's findings leaked out , and English interest in him revived . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hated you when I first came in . (Filtered Words: 0)
And if by some wild chance [FILTERED] was the man , he wouldn't dare try anything now -- not after [FILTERED] had looked in on the two of them to see that all was well . (Filtered Words: 2)
Imagine a stag dinner with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Surprised , baby ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a big man , and he wanted nothing little , squeezed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who had a rather narrow face , longish nose , high forehead , and arching brows , looked like a quizzical Mephistopheles . (Filtered Words: 1)
Looking around slowly , he saw a marble fireplace , a desk , a low bookcase of mahogany with criss-crossed brass wire instead of glass panes in the doors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The round cells were reproducibly positioned in the light beam which entered the thermostated mineral oil-bath through a window . (Filtered Words: 0)
And if it was not an individual who was in the dock , why was the Trial , as we shall observe later , all but scuttled in the attempt to prove Eichmann a `` fiend '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Little Rock is , without any flattery , one of the dullest towns in the United States and I would not have remained two hours in the place , if I had not met with some good friends who made me forget its dreariness '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may be noted , parenthetically , that to evade `` desegregation '' an ex-Justice and former southern governor has urged Congress to abolish this reviewing authority . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes she displays amazing eidetic imagery and seems to see all details in perspective , as if the scene were actually there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Boulevard De La Madeleine , the Boulevard Malesherbes , and the Rue Royale ran to it with graceful flattery , bearing tidings of the Age of Reason . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remember what you used to say in the Army ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A broader concept of imitation is needed , one which acknowledges that true invention is important , that the artist's creativity in part transcends the non-artistic causal factors out of which it arises . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then I felt uncomfortable , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
He then applied this principle of reciprocal inhibition to human neuroses . (Filtered Words: 0)
both were obviously on the way to the [FILTERED] home . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Who is going to stop me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Or : `` I walk around the house a lot '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A year and a day of this idyll is described for the reader , one in which not only discovery of a new world of personality is charted , but self-discovery as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
The blonde's nude body was in bed , a green sheet and a pink blanket covered her . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Certain people must have known about it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of these involvements in the matter at stake , [FILTERED] lacked the impartiality that is supposed to be an essential qualification for the position of arbiter , and in retrospect that would seem to be sufficient reason why the English embassies to the Curia proved so fruitless . (Filtered Words: 1)
He did not answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , what is their evidence that the tactual apparatus was fundamentally undamaged ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The value of the farm to you will depend on -- (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] manufacturing operations are in Lubbock . (Filtered Words: 1)
They move only in accordance with what is in their natures . (Filtered Words: 0)
It doesn't embrace only the artist , alone before his easel . (Filtered Words: 0)
I turned left too soon and got a signal showing that I was still behind him but he was to the right . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think his name stopped the snoring but he didn't move except to roll a little when I shoved him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I grunted , sipping . (Filtered Words: 0)
sales and production of home sets were about equal at 10.4 million units . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout the early years of World War 2 , , reports persisted that the Axis powers had used gas -- Germany in Russia , Japan in China again . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That is undoubtedly a hell of a quote '' , said the writer , scratching his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , and only then , with the Jacksons and [FILTERED] as their true guests of honor , did the Harrows take time to catch up on the news . (Filtered Words: 1)
the college was one of the first to recognize the importance of music not only as a definite part of the curriculum but as a vital adjunct to campus life . (Filtered Words: 0)
She picked up the baby and nuzzled her fat warm little neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
mud was sometimes used as well as soap . (Filtered Words: 0)
A thick , crimson carpet muffled every footfall . (Filtered Words: 0)
On occasion it produces extraordinary novelties . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he refused to be anything else . (Filtered Words: 0)
One manufacturer who held an allegedly basic patent said : `` I would readily put over $50,000 into the manufacture of the device , but it is so easy to make that we would enter immediately into a prolonged ordeal of patent litigation which would eat up all our profits '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the secret itself was just as hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
She remarked that she found the night wind a little chilly , and Mr. [FILTERED] took her inside the fringe . (Filtered Words: 1)
( 1 ) '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Texts and translations are provided . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took the pen in his stumps and began to write . (Filtered Words: 0)
This greatly simplifies the town's bookkeeping and financial reporting . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's plenty warm '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time he delayed so long that some of the engages shouted frantically , but they held their fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Old Man silently fed upon these streets . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that time highway engineers traveled rough and dirty roads to accomplish their duties . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a lefthander going for Pittsburgh , I may use [FILTERED] in center '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Senate launched the 87th Congress with its own version of an ancient liberal-conservative battle , but in contrast with the House's guerrilla war it seemed as pro forma as a Capitol guide's speech . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Would you advise us to act the same way ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Gloom receded . (Filtered Words: 0)
out of the race (Filtered Words: 0)
Proprietorships can establish a unity and integrity of control ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's the truth '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the [FILTERED]'s Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mills shot out in front and kept the lead through two thirds of the race . (Filtered Words: 0)
The critical comments in the textual sections of this publication are invaluable . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the relatively short time since these early observations , Venus has been observed at additional wave lengths in the range from 0.8 to 10.2 cm , and Jupiter has been observed over the wave-length range from 3.03 to 68 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
for [FILTERED] so far this year ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
The New York dancers are highly eclectic , varying the pattern with all kinds of personal improvisations , back bends or floor crawls . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact that sticks out in this voluminous record is that the bulk of Du Pont's production has always supplied the largest part of the requirements of the one customer in the automobile industry connected to Du Pont by a stock interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within a month , calls were up seventy per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
And just how far can the Legislature go toward setting up a self-insurance system for the state in the midst of a governor's race '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] accepted the reproach , which was something she did rarely in all her life and most rarely in that summer of 1936 when she was by all odds the prettiest and brightest young woman west of the Allegheny Mountains , and [FILTERED] was surely one of the handsomer and brighter young men around Pittsburgh . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` He came home unexpectedly '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the realization has been growing that these are not the complete answer . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] , who felt it `` a religious duty '' to oppose [FILTERED] political ambitions , would have been a better actuarial risk had he shown more literary restraint . (Filtered Words: 2)
He advanced on them , and abruptly there was a shocked electricity in the car . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't save the anti-freeze , even if it the expensive `` permanent '' type . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was marked by controversy , anonymous midnight phone calls and veiled threats of violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
There such soggy acquiesence would be looked upon as a sure sign of deteriorating manhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Financial aspects . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's the one who's lucky '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
One man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds , he would give ninety of them to be back in England . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it was [FILTERED] could not fathom . (Filtered Words: 1)
The group conducting the review is not holding formal hearings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Text reading continues with the next occurrence . (Filtered Words: 0)
they sweated out some kind of formal education ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Was that what had given way in me ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Lighting one he pitched it into the crevice , and the lioness left off mauling the dogs and departed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Atlanta Negro student movement renewed its demands for movie theater integration Friday and threatened picketing and `` stand-ins '' if negotiations failed . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had hated the whole idea before they started . (Filtered Words: 0)
For preparative ultracentrifugation , fractions from the column were concentrated by negative pressure dialysis to volumes of 1 ml or less , transferred to cellulose tubes and diluted to 12 ml with isotonic saline . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet if Washington gets too indignant about Soviet fallout , it will have to do a lot of fast footwork if America decides it too must start pushing up the radiation count . (Filtered Words: 0)
) days at least from instant retaliation -- will defy the Party . (Filtered Words: 0)
when it was cool , the fat was skimmed off and bottled . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' A hymn often to be heard in Catholic churches is `` Faith Of Our Fathers '' , which glories in England's ancient faith that endured persecution , and which proclaims : `` Faith of our Fathers : [FILTERED]'s prayers Shall win our country back to thee '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had just paid a brief visit to the Frick Collection to admire his favorite paintings by Rembrandt and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Care should be taken to see that the hands are placed on the floor before the kick starts and also that the landing foot is brought as close to the hands as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- no . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were ten men on the patrol which Sergeant Prevot led out that next night . (Filtered Words: 0)
He does not . (Filtered Words: 0)
From her California headquarters , [FILTERED] fired back , `` I shall never divorce Mr. [FILTERED] , to permit him to marry Olga Milanoff '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
it was hideously embarrassing -- `` not to let the prime minister be alone with Mahzeer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took a deep breath , and the plunge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Subjects (Filtered Words: 0)
We are not all great artists . (Filtered Words: 0)
His son who did not know whether he wanted to be doctor , lawyer , merchant or chief . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe in a year , Tomas . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Aunt Howe were the witnesses '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The view is always toward the past ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is easy for the teacher to rationalize that the child who is not achieving in accordance with his known ability is just plain lazy , or that the child who lacks interest in school , who dislikes the teacher , or who is overaggressive is a hopeless delinquent . (Filtered Words: 0)
He died before he could completely pay off his debts . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found it in the edition of May 15 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten after nine . (Filtered Words: 0)
The children grudgingly stopped playing then and straggled into the schoolhouse . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so today when we examine the structure of our knowledge of the atom and of the universe , we are forced to conclude that the best word to describe our universe is music . (Filtered Words: 0)
He complained to me once that I must talk to her . (Filtered Words: 0)
They overran the 7th Cav's forward machine-gun positions through sheer weight of numbers , over piles of their own dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had lost his audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
The quality of the census data can , therefore , be greatly improved by the use of the registration records in conjunction with the field inquiries . (Filtered Words: 0)
he displays what outlanders call the New York mind , a state that the subject is necessarily unable to perceive in himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
pharmacological effects in vitro on isolated surviving organs and in vivo on blood pressure were assayed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic unit in the church , of whatever denominational polity , is always the congregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
At its best the abstract expressionists achieve a simple rococo decorative surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
About a dozen animals were held inside the stockade , as best [FILTERED] could make out in the moonlight . (Filtered Words: 1)
Tri-State has acquired its exclusive distribution for the northern , principal heating states . (Filtered Words: 0)
He skips around from jazz , to blues to boogie -- accompanying himself on piano and frequently pulling the customers in on the act . (Filtered Words: 0)
after completing the payments prescribed by paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) of this subsection , to make payments , from time to time in ratable proportions , on account of the unpaid principal of all awards in the principal amount of more than $1,000 , according to the proportions which the unpaid principal of such awards bear to the total amount in the fund available for distribution at the time such payments are made ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Po' Chavis '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The time-span of little more than a month cannot entitle me to pose as an expert on anything I saw . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And smokes too much '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To hang 50 Governors might be preferable except that they are not directly related to the highways ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For his first five years in prison , they had shared a cell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , if the mission of the Trial was to convict anti-Semitism , how could it have failed to post before the world the contrasting fates of the countries in which the Final Solution was aided by native Jew-haters -- i.e. , Germany , Poland , Hungary , Czechoslovakia -- and those in which it met the obstacle of human solidarity -- Denmark , Holland , Italy , Bulgaria , France ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The progress reported by the advisory committee is real . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fermate '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish so much someone loved me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then [FILTERED] closed her eyes , stretched forth her arms , and said : `` Take my hand , [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Multiplication , subtraction , and addition can then be accomplished as they appear in the equation by starting at the left end of the equation and working toward the right . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Congressman tried hard , but failed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then there was exercise , boating and hiking , which was not only good for you but also made you more virile : the thought of strenuous activity left him exhausted . (Filtered Words: 0)
With respect to positions not covered by subparagraph ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) of this paragraph , any individual may be referred to a place of employment in which a labor dispute exists , provided he is given written notice of such dispute prior to or at the time of his referral . (Filtered Words: 0)
On January 24 [FILTERED] , accompanied by [FILTERED] , was met by [FILTERED] and Colonel [FILTERED] , former Police Chief of Farmington , Conn. , and now head of U.N. special police . (Filtered Words: 4)
The twenty-three ( or twenty-two with the Paynes themselves omitted ) provided merely a place to start , and their identification was the barest of starts . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Section 2 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
I drove him away . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can't touch him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dogs did something to one's ego . (Filtered Words: 0)
They kept up a rigid pretense of speaking relations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Change our taxing law so that no tax shall be charged to any owner for additions or improvements to his properties . (Filtered Words: 0)
the magnetic moment of an unpaired electron associated nearby may have a tremendous influence on the magnetic resonance properties of nuclei . (Filtered Words: 0)
he must have slept again . (Filtered Words: 0)
The system passes on these savings to its members . (Filtered Words: 0)
More aerial and underground equipment was installed as well as office improvements to take care of the expanding business . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sympathized with them on the loss of their old pastor . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the tone of the editorials which greeted Mr. [FILTERED]'s original announcement of his running had been strangely disquieting . (Filtered Words: 1)
Others , badly wounded , gripped hands in manes , knees in bellies , held on as long as possible and then , weak from ghastly wounds , slipped sideways , slowly , almost thoughtfully , to be broken under the slashing hoofs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The anode consisted of a 1/2 inch diameter porous graphite plug , 1/4 inch long . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interest rates (Filtered Words: 0)
study of motor end plates in man and animals ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
An alternate hatchway entrance , shown on page 25 , would reduce the cost of materials $50 to $100 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] group had been formed for the express purpose of advising the Secretary General . (Filtered Words: 1)
They are able to sit more patiently with what they have bought . (Filtered Words: 0)
His remembering the self-dictate brought no peace -- only a faint chill of doubt . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had spoken to Mrs. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Carefully he put down his steak knife and said loudly , `` Mr. Chairman '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Inflammatory cells were strikingly absent . (Filtered Words: 0)
He considered some interesting excursion but he was on the road every day from dawn to dusk . (Filtered Words: 0)
In most states , trade and industrial training is provided in a minority of the high schools , usually located in the larger cities . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the correlation is substantial only among upperclassmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , Adam , in the gray light of afternoon , stared across at the hut opposite his tent , and thought of Simms Purdew lying in there in the gloom , snoring on his bunk , with the fumes of whisky choking the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
In American romance , almost nothing rates higher than what the movie men have called `` meeting cute '' -- that is , boy-meets-girl seems more adorable if it doesn't take place in an atmosphere of correct and acute boredom . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I told you what Miss [FILTERED]'s doctor said '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Parents should be informed about this system and encouraged to do the same with the whole family at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
He , like most of us , wants to be able to sit , to contemplate and be moved by the great outdoors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Britain in the nineteenth century is a textbook designed `` to give the sense of continuous growth , to show how economic led to social , and social to political change , how the political events reacted on the economic and social , and how new thoughts and new ideals accompanied or directed the whole complicated process '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cannot , of course , examine each proposal from scratch . (Filtered Words: 0)
After 1815 anti-slavery sentiment mounted , chiefly among Protestants and those of Protestant background of the older stock . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] has provided them with extremely effective orchestral accompaniment (Filtered Words: 1)
I grinned at Rachel . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] felt suddenly small and cheap , heroine of a trivial episode in the voluminous history of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
By mid-June , millions of Americans will take to the road on vacation trips up and down and back and forth across this vast and lovely land . (Filtered Words: 0)
Periodic bulletins of the accomplishment in each province made the registration process into a kind of competition among provincial officials . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Jumping Jerusalem ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The inspector knew as he left that this was wishful thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could reach key tactical points faster than infantry and destroy them or hold them as the case might be for the foot soldier . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd like to see you dance nude '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pockets of his jacket bulged . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boats are operated in every state in the Union , with the heaviest concentrations along both coasts and in the Middle West . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hold on tight . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the year , the road earned 133 per cent of its interest costs , against 121 per cent in the preceding period . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That much Latin we remember '' , [FILTERED] said dryly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Stevie '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Marketing meat (Filtered Words: 0)
I really shouldn't have smoked a cigarette so early in the day , thought Theresa , it always makes me sick . (Filtered Words: 0)
I squeezed the trigger . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had misfired . (Filtered Words: 0)
but this obligation pertains only to countries which are honestly seeking to become responsible members of a stable and forward-moving world community . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Administration maintains a productive facilities inventory of small business industrial concerns that have voluntarily registered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes the streetcar was late . (Filtered Words: 0)
New York -- ( UPI ) (Filtered Words: 0)
However that may be , people are known to go to mediums for diverse reasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
So we hurried over . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll just wait for you here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The estimated standard deviations of the data for two of the resistors were 1 millidegree ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
No bisque firing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having opened the windows onto the terrace , lit the fire , translated the motto , [FILTERED] grinned and took down a little triplet of books bound together in old calfskin . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] was held on $20,000 bond in Phoenix . (Filtered Words: 1)
By its nature it has always been of great psychological advantage and small efforts have required considerably greater counter-efforts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine the particular State's unadjusted allotment for the particular fiscal year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Foreigners this way ' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Here he was enclosed and safe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Founded August 24 , 1690 by [FILTERED] of the East India Company , and commonly called `` The City of Palaces '' , it seemed a vast and elegant place to Ann Hasseltine Judson . (Filtered Words: 1)
Schwarzkopf is , of course , Schwarzkopf . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm starting to itch '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right , I'll come clean . (Filtered Words: 0)
As we observe moral law and physical law they appear as being inevitable . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not that it matters to me , being this far along '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
A rifle cracked ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Meredith's voice was always deep , with rough bass notes in it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I figured I could stand practically anything for a couple of weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
the sly female cowbirds took instant advantage of nests without sentinels . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the very end , when the audience was silent and breathless , a collection was taken and then slowly everyone filed out . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] heard the click of the distant receiver before he could open his mouth , and it took him no more than three seconds to make his decision . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] could never be satisfied by surface . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We must persuade them to enjoy a way of life which , if not identical , is congenial with ours '' , he said but adding that if they do not develop the kind of society they themselves want it will lack ritiuality and loyalty . (Filtered Words: 0)
but this one was not nearly as long . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' At Veterans Memorial Auditorium . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rarely did a trail herd pass through the Injun country on its march north that it wasn't stopped to receive demand for `` wohaw '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A shot caught him and straightened him up in screaming pain ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's a big boat anchored near the Place De La Concorde , with a swimming pool in it -- didn't you notice it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What you think I care about that ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He stared at the clerk who sat at a scarred and ancient fumed-oak desk stuffing envelopes . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the course of our talk , [FILTERED] mentioned that he spent part of each week studying . (Filtered Words: 1)
Legislators who last year opposed placing aged-care under the social security system criticized the President's plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the primitive method of explaining the unknown with what is known bears at least a symbolic resemblance to the methods of modern science . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her fiance , who is with a publishing firm , translates many books from English into Italian . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter how they are formulated , a large number of organic actives are simply not suitable for this application , since they do not give adequate soil removal . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's wrong at state (Filtered Words: 0)
( An enterprising teacher or parent could start training a healthy child at the age of seven days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take the Via Di S. Agnese in Agone , next to the church and opposite the center of the square , then turn right after about two hundred yards to reach the beautiful Church of Santa Maria Della Pace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , the thin film dynodes appear to have a natural diameter limitation wherever a mesh support cannot be tolerated . (Filtered Words: 0)
How can you cash in on this fast-growing type of outlet and still maintain relationships with older existing outlets which are still important ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Circuit Judge [FILTERED] did not set a date for sentencing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Walnut , wormy chestnut , pecan , three varieties of burl , hand-woven Philippine cane , ceramic tiles , marble are used to emphasize the feeling of texture and of permanence , the furniture to fit into rooms with tiled floors , brick or paneled walls , windows that bring in the outdoors . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was multi-colored and graceful and he lay in the furrow and moved his arched and tapered head only so slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Six years ago French Indochina , though in troubie , was in the Western camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wow . (Filtered Words: 0)
The deeds of this team , through two seasons and in the two World's Series that followed , have been written and talked about until hardly a word is left to be said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Peace Corps is not a diplomatic or propaganda venture but a genuine experiment in international partnership . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their stupidity and arrogance they believe they are called upon to remind the gentile continually of pogroms and ghettos . (Filtered Words: 0)
Living with his watercolors is a vicarious experience of seeing nature distilled through the eyes of a sensitive interpretor , a breath and breadth of the outdoor world to help man honor the Creator of it all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Counsel for Du Pont indicated a preference for the submission of detailed plans by both sides at an early date . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beyond his window were the greening trees , new spring , eternal hope , eternal life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our athletes are only just beginning to learn that they must study dance . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
How did we get here '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides the well-known hydrogen line at 21 cm wavelength , the spectra of extraterrestrial radio sources may contain sharp lines characteristic of other atoms , ions , and small molecules . (Filtered Words: 0)
The address Af is stored in the cell Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The architects do not believe that the education of the interior designer is sufficiently good or sufficiently extended to compare with that of the architect and that , therefore , the interior designer is incapable of understanding the architectural principles involved in planning the interior of a building . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] are planning a luncheon next week in honor of Mrs. [FILTERED] , who celebrates her birthday on Tuesday . (Filtered Words: 3)
It was stated earlier that one purpose of this study was to extend the analysis of variability of Onset and Completion in each of the 21 growth centers somewhat beyond that provided by the data in Tables 1 and 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He held his arms close to his sides and made himself as small as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the second floor he saw the animated faces of the party guests ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1958 , the Conference endorsed birth control as the responsibility laid by God on parents everywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Decide in the beginning to put your barbecue equipment to work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abreaction of her anxiety and guilt concerning the death of her parents , when linked up with her current feelings of anger and her fears of loss , abandonment , and annihilation , produced further relief of tension . (Filtered Words: 0)
and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wasn't likely to come down with hot chills and puzzling striped fever . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you walk into the ring because it is fun to show your dog , he will feel it and give you a good performance ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He set down that `` I gave Mr. [FILTERED] a pynte of muskadell and a roll of bread that last morning I went to have his company to Master Attorney '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Also , salt water fish is on the table once a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it was such a nice thought that he nodded his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
The treatment seems unnecessarily loose-jointed and complex , largely because the method is lax and the analysis seems never to be pushed to a satisfactory or even a consistent stopping-point . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then came the scientific revolution in the late 1920's . (Filtered Words: 0)
I heard the whir of an ax and a Canadian's face burst apart in a bloody spray . (Filtered Words: 0)
Singing into the mirror and his interested eyes , he was pleased to note , when he stripped for his own bath , that he still had the best part of his Italian sun tan . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt wonderful , the absolute opposite of last night's melancholy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well I object . (Filtered Words: 0)
The charges by the late junior Senator from Wisconsin not only destroyed innocent people but misled the nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
This happened to be vice versa , but even so , the answer was a masterpiece . (Filtered Words: 0)
But his only hat was something else again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Additionally , on the many ships at sea and in the smaller naval stations , the availability of the Journal removed the necessity of subscribing to several additional journals of civilian origin over and above the quantity now authorized , in order to provide any reasonably comparable coverage . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a startling , almost numenous sight ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Dealers' stocks down (Filtered Words: 0)
two Ranger Fund purchase awards ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Propriety was synonymous with ritual observance , the mark of a true gentleman . (Filtered Words: 0)
How long would it be occupied ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He is in your hands -- now . (Filtered Words: 0)
We stood under a gigantic tree in the rolling country just outside of Moscow looking at silent flowers on the grave of a Russian poet and writer who cherished the love for his country to the point of foregoing the highest international honor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cautiously [FILTERED] tensed his muscles , ready to jump . (Filtered Words: 1)
of which one is deliberately willed or intended and the other not intended or not directly intended , but still both are done , while the evil effect is , with equal consciousness on the part of the agent , foreknown to be among the consequences . (Filtered Words: 0)
The modest and happy Spahn waved off his new laurels as one of those good days . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm glad to say there's none of that distraction in this `` Fiorello ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It gave them all a chance to make a high-speed climbing turn attack and a break-away that would not take them into the overcast or force a tight-turn recovery . (Filtered Words: 0)
I grew uneasy . (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of normal thyroid function tests , a trial of propylthiouracil , 400 mg. daily for one week , was given but served only to intensify muscle weakness . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just the same we'll try it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the ships are very slow now , and we don't get so many sailors any more '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A truly vivid imagination moves beyond the conventional recollection to a sense of immediacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
In most cases we recognize certain words , persons , animals or objects . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is she who decides the time , the place , the surroundings , and the frequency of the sexual act . (Filtered Words: 0)
The blast damaged , but did not destroy the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
The magazine , edited by members of the [FILTERED] Department of English , includes contributions by authors from both within and beyond the [FILTERED] community . (Filtered Words: 1)
The transportation system which serves the National Forests is a complex of highways and access roads and trails under various ownerships and jurisdictions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hold on tight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tempos were lively . (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic mapping (Filtered Words: 0)
Allso that if monei might be had for 30 or 40 a lease & might be procured '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was always persuaded out . (Filtered Words: 0)
To mark a row or stitch , tie contrasting thread around end of row or stitch to be marked . (Filtered Words: 0)
This kind of reasoning and logic takes a little time to get used to . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was one particular word that troubled his conscience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Artfully , as the days went by , he found occasion to tell her that his father had won the Navy Cross in the Korean War ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hard physical labor and undesirable hours are a part of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor has the training been enough in relation to the need . (Filtered Words: 0)
Didn't you read it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then she saw Ramey and her face was misshapen with bewilderment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never concern for his wife's nerves , or the danger that the curled lip and big teeth might mark their own dear baby due in January . (Filtered Words: 0)
Water (Filtered Words: 0)
Would he have to clean up after her every day , clean the kitchen , the bathroom , and get down on his knees and scrub the kitchen floor , then hang up her dresses , pick up her stockings , make the bed while she lay around ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
thought for the longest he was a tumor '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He often spoke of them as his `` ecumenical '' glasses and used them as a symbol of the kind of vision that is required in the church . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , the perspective of those who are dealing directly with the world-wide problems of the People of God will always be different from the perspective of those who are dealing with the nearby problems of particular persons in a particular place . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is up to the Assembly to take action against them . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
Glaze with two coats of clear or transparent matt glaze . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Fairmount Park Commission will no doubt approve my two proposals , because it is responsible for the change of ideological atmosphere in the Square . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that moment , up walked a tall young man with glasses who announced himself as a world citizen from Basel , Switzerland . (Filtered Words: 0)
He may be the only song writer ever to have collaborated with a secretary of the U. S. Treasury ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Desegregation in Pulaski County is pending because of court order , although date of admission is not yet determined . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could stop Cuban re-export of guns and propaganda materials to South America . (Filtered Words: 0)
On October 19 , after the Soviets had detonated at least 20 nuclear devices , Ambassador [FILTERED] warned the UN General Assembly that this country , in `` self protection '' , might have to resume above-ground tests . (Filtered Words: 1)
During much of the year the general level of business activity has moved along on a record-high plateau , but there have been persistent signs of slack in the economy . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , if Federal funds are used , it would be entirely appropriate to train workers for jobs which could be obtained elsewhere as well as for jobs in the area of chronic unemployment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early in 1939 , [FILTERED] , the Gauleiter of Vienna , established SS headquarters for all of Poland . (Filtered Words: 1)
Only across a distance of time could the epic accounting begin . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were held together by pegs and withes and in later times drawn by a single ox in thills . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here and there . (Filtered Words: 0)
You could not , of course , raise feed for the livestock on a plot this small . (Filtered Words: 0)
I do seem to snap at everybody these days , but I would like to think of a way to make a little extra money '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You were careful about that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't think it was that , really '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
war was a smugglers' heaven . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latest Low is a puzzler . (Filtered Words: 0)
By means of this social control , deviance is either eliminated or somehow made compatible with the function of the social group . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] said he believed there are a number of qualified city residents who would be willing to take the full-time CD job . (Filtered Words: 1)
the numerous squabbles over minor matters ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The snow was tumbling down furiously now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within a few years various Du Pont manufactured items were filling the entire requirements of from four to seven of General Motors' eight operating divisions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Running counter to the destroying forces in the world are all the virtues that are innate in man , the capacity for love and brotherhood , the ability to appreciate beauty . (Filtered Words: 0)
He took out a small packet filled with bits of charcoal , a deep pot of thin metal , some sheets of newspaper , a book of matches and a wrinkled and many-times folded piece of tin foil with holes in it . (Filtered Words: 0)
If each text form is marked when matched with a dictionary form , the text forms not contained in the dictionary can be identified when all dictionary forms have been read . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're in the secular world '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The study of the radio emission of the moon and planets began with the detection of the thermal radiation of the moon at 1.25-cm wave length by [FILTERED] and Beringer ( 1946 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Shall we teach him some '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
21 swingin' a wide loop (Filtered Words: 0)
Their curiosity went happily out of bounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , the SBA uses such criteria as number of employees and dollar volume of the business . (Filtered Words: 0)
Healthier children (Filtered Words: 0)
Around the billiard tables were always at least a couple of dozen beribboned generals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was mentioned in 1602 in the will of [FILTERED] , widow of a Stratford glover . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` As mad as ever . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gunman nodded , slipping the picture into his breast pocket , saying nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
For mosquito bites a paste of half a glass of salt and half a glass of soda was made . (Filtered Words: 0)
Greasy soils , which are typified by hydrocarbons and fats ( esters of glycerol with long-chain organic acids ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not look around . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Light it '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
To the extent that the problem is merely parking , an aggressive downtown management , like that of Lazarus Brothers in Columbus , Ohio , can fight back successfully by building a garage on the lot next door . (Filtered Words: 0)
It weighs in the tons , so the proximity of factory and exhibition area makes it possible for an outstanding exhibit each year . (Filtered Words: 0)
and he asked me in perfect innocence , `` Why don't all the Negroes in the South move North '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Named by Mayor [FILTERED] three years ago to head a committee that included [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , Shea worked relentlessly . (Filtered Words: 4)
They refuse to mention or to notice that they are not there . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's year-round , and everywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mays and [FILTERED] , both 10-year men at 30 , have so much ability that , baseball men agree , they've never hit the heights . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not a bullet touched [FILTERED] who was nearer the ambush , but one hit [FILTERED] in the leg and another broke his arm , passing on through his body . (Filtered Words: 2)
We made it back to the Harbor in less than four minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The intima of the larger coronary arteries was thickened by fibrous tissue containing fusiform clefts and mononuclear cells . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since more is known about [FILTERED] than about any other acquaintance of [FILTERED] in Stratford , his career may be followed to its sudden end in 1602 . (Filtered Words: 2)
Not that she complained , or had any cause to . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You shut up ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Poor John was the kind of stock that keeps a bargain without whimpering and maybe bends over backward to keep a bad one . (Filtered Words: 0)
She found she could cope with all kinds of problems for which she was once considered too helpless . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Anniston manager looked at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
and it is better to be shamed and criticized by one's parents , who already consider one different and difficult to understand , than by one's peers , who are also experiencing a similar groping for and denial of adult status . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her teeth chattered so that she made three attempts at speech before she became intelligible . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this is fully answered by United States v. [FILTERED] , supra . (Filtered Words: 1)
Or in more Freudian terms , the experience may serve to sublimate our destructive urges and strengthen the ego and superego . (Filtered Words: 0)
jam ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The answer is , of course , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the law of the land is not irrevocable ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That did it , if mine didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
Countin' each grazin' bunch of cattle where it was found on the range and driftin' it back so that it didn't mix with the uncounted cattle was called a `` range count '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cylinder's compression ratio is computed by comparing the cylinder's volume , or its displacement , with the total volume of the cylinder and its combustion chamber . (Filtered Words: 0)
The radiation processing of meat has received extensive investigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional promotional activities included organizing the dedication program for [FILTERED] , the new automated post office , and a conference with representatives of Brown University , Providence College , and University of Rhode Island , and eight electronics concerns regarding the inauguration of a training program for electronics personnel . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Congo , in whose cause he died , was the scene of one of his greatest triumphs . (Filtered Words: 0)
And certainly , in the case of the beginner or the comparatively uninitiated wine drinker , the palate and the capacity for appreciation will not be ready for the Grands Crus as a steady diet without frequent recourse to crus of less renown . (Filtered Words: 0)
She showed no interest at all in the life he had led back home , and it hurt him a little . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like his volume on Wycliffe , the work was accompanied by the publication of a selected group of documents , in this case illustrative of the history of [FILTERED] reign down to 1707 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dance (Filtered Words: 0)
Just yesterday we had met and talked with a living writer , a contemporary of the dead poet , who is known for his ability of manipulating his ideas and his craft more advantageously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suffice it to say that the usefulness of the latter apportionment is questionable . (Filtered Words: 0)
My father ran him off here six years ago '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The former receives its legitimacy from the latter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The totals for these five categories are not too uneven , namely 20 , 15 , 11 , 16 , 9 respectively . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each switch occupies one digit position in a word , can be set on or off , and is considered as logically equivalent to an electronic switch . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they would reconsider it , they assured him , if he would rewrite it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Paris , Texas ( sp. ) (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll let you go back to doing the dishes now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and [FILTERED] learns that political ambition is more apt to hide than to reveal the truth about men . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ernie crouched and opened the carpet bag . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is relatively easy to go a step further and reason that an attacker , in possession of such absolute power , would simultaneously destroy his opponent's cities and people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Above all , we should seek to encourage the leaders of these societies to accept the unpleasant fact that they are responsible for their fates . (Filtered Words: 0)
To make one nation out of these disparities would be a problem large enough in any case ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first place the new doctrine brought a formal separation of international from municipal law , rejecting the earlier view that both were parts of a universal legal system . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thin man stopped his pacing long enough to glance at the clock . (Filtered Words: 0)
The effects of earthquakes on civilization have been widely publicized , even overemphasized . (Filtered Words: 0)
Likewise , and equally fascinating , is the news that such unlikely synonyms as `` pratakku '' , `` sweathruna '' , and the tongue-twister `` nnuolapertar-it-vuh-karti-birifw- '' all originated in the same village in Bathar-on-Walli Province and are all used to express sentiments concerning British `` imperialism '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and that they can ignore what is happening in Northern cities because what is happening in Little Rock or Birmingham is worse . (Filtered Words: 0)
About 200 of the special V-1 rocket-bombs were to be made ready for manned flight with an explosive warhead . (Filtered Words: 0)
In particular , the orifices of the right renal and celiac arteries were virtually occluded , and both calcified common iliac arteries were completely occluded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each trip saw the front cockpit filled higher with mail pouches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Questions about the show tonight '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] remained in trance ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He retired in 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
To that Rousseau could agree . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew its meaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is almost axiomatic that golfers who dominate the game of golf for any period of time attack their shots with a vehemence bordering on violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did , I mean '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The editorial , by omitting the words anti-trust enforcement , totally distorted Mr. [FILTERED]'s views . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Hostage ( closed ) , by Ireland's [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Men were slaughtered every day , tumbled into eternity like so many torn parcels flung down a portable chute . (Filtered Words: 0)
On October 31 , 1859 , [FILTERED] was found guilty of treason against the state of Virginia , inciting slave rebellion , and murder . (Filtered Words: 1)
Survivors include two brothers , [FILTERED] , Atlanta , and [FILTERED] , Warren , Ohio ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
There is [FILTERED] , of course , buried in London . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had made curtains for all the windows of her little house , and she had kept it spotless and neat , shabby as it was , and cooked good meals for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fourteen years is the maximum penalty now faced by the new five , who may have altered history in the 1960s . (Filtered Words: 0)
The finance company took all their furniture -- and they didn't have a cent to their name . (Filtered Words: 0)
And now , in March , all Laos suffered a state of siege . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , in Shaking The Dust From Shakespeare ( 216 ) , writes : `` There is not a word spoken by [FILTERED] which one would expect from a real Jew '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
The deep concave gradient employed ( fig. 2 ) was obtained with a nine-chambered gradient elution device ( `` Varigrad '' , reference ( 8 ) ) and has been described elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aid plans revamped (Filtered Words: 0)
In a short time the officer returned and [FILTERED] followed on his heels . (Filtered Words: 1)
Unless I'm crazy as hell , they're two of Painter's dicks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Councilman [FILTERED] ( D. , Fifth ) said in a letter to Mayor [FILTERED] that plowing and salting crews should be dispatched earlier in storms and should be kept on the job longer than they were last month . (Filtered Words: 2)
We all know what the dummies will do '' -- he gestured at the hummocks in which the decorticated men were cradled -- `` and we all know what the new people will ask . (Filtered Words: 0)
He mused . (Filtered Words: 0)
To anyone who remembers Newport at its less than maximum violence , this view of what the boys and girls do in the springtime before they wing north for the Jazz Festival ought to prove entertaining . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s demand for a troika is dormant , not dead ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
In a broad sense , it would reaffirm the Monroe Doctrine by opposing Communist interference in the Western Hemisphere . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , there is a minimum of legislative restriction on boating . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Relationship of Anxiety to compulsivity (Filtered Words: 0)
I was puzzled by the remark , then I recalled the voice of mild Professor [FILTERED] three years ago in a university lecture on primitive societies . (Filtered Words: 1)
And those without beards would have stood out as not dressed for the occasion . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , a major factor in binding dirt is the attraction between surfaces that goes under the name of Van der Waal's forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tartuffe is the religious hypocrite who courts his benefactor's wife . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , Af adsorbs water from the atmosphere and this may account for the low chromium analysis and high total weight loss . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her neighbors in the expensive Houston apartment building told reporters that the ash-blonde beauty had talked at times about her past as `` the Golden Girl of the [FILTERED] trial '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But now what '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But this doesn't detract from its merit as an interesting , if not great , film . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy shuddered at the deathly pale countenance with its wrinkles and gray hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Very simple '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
and Seattle , Wash. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the least alteration will change the quality . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the Sandburg goat herd increased , she also designed the barn alterations to accommodate them . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had started two years ago when he was in an iron lung . (Filtered Words: 0)
Play me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I rather resent '' , she said , `` you speaking to those groups in Portland as though just the move accomplished this . (Filtered Words: 0)
In People vs. Fisher , Justice Savage of the New York Supreme Court declared : (Filtered Words: 0)
Little folks set : (Filtered Words: 0)
They explained value judgments by explaining them away . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This one came a bit high at thirty thousand or more . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Expressway answer : East River Drive (Filtered Words: 0)
this one did . (Filtered Words: 0)
Being placed in the hopples she was completely baffled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The resulting setup , it was declared , `` would be similar to that which is in successful operation in a number of metropolitan counties as large or larger than Rhode Island '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They did ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The psychological strategists in Taiwan stress the great sense of family , cultivated in China over thousands of years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor have we remembered that in the melting pot of America the hundreds of isolated and semi-isolated ethnic , regional and occupational groups did not fuse into a homogeneous national unit until long after education and industrialization had caused them to cast oral tradition aside as a means of carrying culturally significant material . (Filtered Words: 0)
Want to try and meet him there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Resolution limitations with electrostatic focus might be anticipated due to chromatic aberrations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another person inside with a weight against each batten will help in the fastening . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Great satire has always been clearly written and readily understandable '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Never mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Governor [FILTERED] offered New York National Guard planes to fly the mail in and out of the state , it seemed a likely temporary solution , easing Burlington's bottleneck and that at Montpelier too . (Filtered Words: 1)
Until the Cuban fiasco and the Communist military victories in Laos , almost any observer would have said that President [FILTERED] had blended a program that respected , generally , the opinions voiced both by Mr. [FILTERED] and the professors . (Filtered Words: 2)
Anticipating delivery of medicines and yeast by plane , Granite City citizens formed an airfield committee and with the aid of quarrymen and the 172nd Infantry , Vermont National Guard , laid out runways on Wilson flat , high on Millstone Hill . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is there evidence of wash-outs on the property ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He says of it : (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , he's something of a scoundrel , an artist whose mind and feelings are all finger-tips . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remove all other loose pieces and file the edges of the basic frame smooth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Legion Convention and [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
This news , announced by [FILTERED] , the orchestra's administrative director , brought applause from the 2,800 persons who filled the hall . (Filtered Words: 1)
Public health , education , and rehabilitation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now there was no work in the fields , nor would there be till it rained , and she did not know where he went . (Filtered Words: 0)
The policeman walked on , but he looked back once . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was Virginia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , a low intensity of hypothalamic-cortical discharges prevails in sleep and a high one during wakefulness , resulting in synchronous EEG potentials in the former and asynchrony in the latter condition . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Old Knife's got the largest war party ever seen on the river '' , he said calmly . (Filtered Words: 0)
In her mind she followed the white [FILTERED] along the road somewhere between here and the Niagara River . (Filtered Words: 1)
Author of the Albany Plan Of Union , which , had it been adopted , might have avoided the Revolution , he fought the colonists' front-line battles in London , negotiated the treaty of alliance with France and the peace that ended the war , headed the state government of Pennsylvania , and exercised an important moderating influence at the Federal Convention . (Filtered Words: 0)
There would be changes made , and [FILTERED] should understand that when the Pope died it was like the end of a regime in Rome . (Filtered Words: 1)
No one seemed to know for sure what had happened , nor was there any purpose or responsibility in the muttering feet and urgent voices behind the driver , beyond finding out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The actual surface becomes both ground and background , and it turns out -- suddenly and paradoxically -- that the only place left for a three-dimensional illusion is in front of , upon , the surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
Along the main thoroughfares hardly a house had not been peppered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] shrugged . (Filtered Words: 1)
If Af are the projections associated with the primary decomposition of T , then each Af is a polynomial in T , and accordingly if a linear operator U commutes with T then U commutes with each of the Af , i.e. , each subspace Af is invariant under U . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had always been a messy and negligent man . (Filtered Words: 0)
The receiver clicked in my ear . (Filtered Words: 0)
That we had the wit and wisdom to adopt Mr. [FILTERED]'s concept and make it the base for our processes of selection is one reason why our selections have been , it may be said truly , pretty uniformly good . (Filtered Words: 1)
In a new house , generous roof overhangs are a logical and effective solution . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm [FILTERED] the Fifth . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mynheer , Sir [FILTERED] , the valley society , the very smell of the river on his right purling along to the bay past fish weirs and rocks , and ahead the sleepy ribbon of moon-drenched road . (Filtered Words: 1)
SBA works closely with the principal property disposal installations of the Federal Government in reviewing proposed sales programs and identifying those types of property that small business concerns are most likely to be interested in purchasing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You haven't got cancer '' , I said as strongly as I could . (Filtered Words: 0)
A description of this process will serve to illustrate how any type of information can be retrieved from the dictionary and attached to each text occurrence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The list goes on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boatel has a similar meaning to yachtel . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the home of a gourmet the new maid was instructed in the fine points of serving . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
The Chancellor had as much business there as Ulbricht had in East Berlin -- and was certainly less provocative than the juvenile sound-truck taunts of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
At Sounion there is a group of beautiful columns , the ruins of a temple to Poseidon , of particular interest at that time , as active reconstruction was in progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She'll be just as beautiful in something that doesn't have to be ironed '' , Eugenia said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The combination of thin pattern and very tiny pellets makes it necessary to get on the birds , right now ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
There is some indication from a limited number of interviews with members of the population that the element of power , primarily the voluntary influence of non-authoritative power , has been exerted on actors in the system , particularly in regard to mate selection . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasionally there are examples of pre-vision which cannot be pushed aside without confessing an unscientific attitude . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attending the life class was my idea -- or rather , [FILTERED]'s idea , but I was ripe for it , and the other two wouldn't have gone if I hadn't talked them into it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even before it was formally dissolved in 1912 , the A.L.A.M. was succeeded by the Automobile Board of Trade , the direct lineal ancestor of the present-day Automobile Manufacturers Association . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's a good trunk . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was sore as a boil . (Filtered Words: 0)
I made a lemon sponge , a light dessert , roasted a chicken , parboiled some frozen vegetables , so there would be something nice in the icebox for the weekend . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] , I tabulated these 71 items in five columns , according as they were expressed by 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , and more than 4 stems . (Filtered Words: 1)
Them's brains '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It made her feel different about Howard . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's out of a play . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he came to the movies -- more or less by accident -- they were still cheap entertainment capable of enthralling the unthinking for an idle few minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , because the Cost Section has felt impelled to make some kind of a distribution of total costs , it has apportioned this residue , which it sometimes calls `` burden '' , among the units of carload traffic on a basis ( partly ton , partly ton-mile ) which is concededly quite arbitrary from the standpoint of cost determination . (Filtered Words: 0)
I used his polarity to illustrate what I thought had happened to us in that form of liberalism we call Progressivism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before the dust has settled or the blood congealed , editorials , speeches , and civil-rights commissions are loud in the land , demanding to know what happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ask jail deputies (Filtered Words: 0)
-- that should a minister in Boston trust himself to his heart , should he `` speak without book , and consequently break some law of speech , or be hurried into some daring hyperbole , he should find little mercy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Baseball commissioner [FILTERED] has ruled that [FILTERED]'s record will remain official unless it is broken in 154 games . (Filtered Words: 2)
he had been at the Dumont for almost a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Her heart was thumping painfully ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I might point out that your inability to report to my office this morning when you were instructed to do so has not ah limited my knowledge of your activities as you may have hoped '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sweeping a look around , he saw that he was safe for the moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( '50 ) is the principal antagonist of this viewpoint . (Filtered Words: 1)
Berry , Brailsford and [FILTERED] in 1931 and [FILTERED] in 1958 reaffirmed this . (Filtered Words: 2)
With the second murder over , he could have left , hidden the weapon in some vacant lot or an abandoned cistern in the neighborhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Stop that ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as I straightened up with my duffel bag , I heard : `` Sahjunt Yoorick , meet Mrs. [FILTERED] [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
If only this could be done more often -- with such heartening results -- many of the earth's `` big problems '' would shrink to the insignificances they really are . (Filtered Words: 0)
She explained nonreactivity of others by saying that they were `` not letting themselves relax '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` California '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or angular ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He sat for a while with his hands on his knees , watching the bend of her back as she gathered up her things -- a comb , a bottle of aspirin -- to take upstairs and pack . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ten thousand zlotys '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have these appointments in town for Saturday , and I'll probably spend Sunday with Dolly or the Thaxters '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you use a fiscal year , a year ending on the last day of any month other than December , your return is due on or before the 15th day of the 4th month after the close of your tax year . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , moreover , a perfectly integrated ensemble effort . (Filtered Words: 0)
This revolution is the biggest build-better-for-less news of all , because : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several materials or combinations of materials can be used to construct a satisfactory feed bunk . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes , the State's allotment percentage must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme . (Filtered Words: 0)
I got a quick look at their faces as we went past . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their vases were embodied the basic aesthetic and logical characteristics of Greek civilization , at first hesitantly in [FILTERED] work , and then more confidently in the initial stages of the Geometric style . (Filtered Words: 1)
In such diseases as cancer , tuberculosis , and heart disease , early diagnosis and treatment are so vital that the waste of time by the patient with Doctor [FILTERED]'s cure-all gadget can prove fatal . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the other we have the flag-wavers and the national sentimentalists who have been willing to use any patriotic , `` frontier western '' or colonial material willy-nilly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lieutenant's sparse brown hair was heavily pomaded , and as [FILTERED] raked the comb through it , it stuck together in thatches so that it looked like umbrella ribs clinging to his pink skull . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Work '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why should Via have it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Captain [FILTERED] did not communicate with any strange vessels because of the possibility of war between the United States and Britain . (Filtered Words: 1)
The commotion had brought her into the wings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , most of our fears may be unfounded , but after you discover that fact , you have something else to worry about : Why then do we have these fears ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She was enjoying the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nature (Filtered Words: 0)
Only the independent art schools , that is , those not connected with any university or college , receive severe and separate investigation before accreditation by the various regional organizations . (Filtered Words: 0)
In reply to a question of whether they now tax boats , airplanes and other movable property excluding automobiles , nineteen said that they did and twenty that they did not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Special information and guidance about the possible difficulties are still of great value . (Filtered Words: 0)
He liked looking at Anne . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a historian might put his finger on a specific man and date , and hold out the hope that the troubles will sometime pass away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some doctors had informed him he was mistaken about this . (Filtered Words: 0)
By 800 [FILTERED] the Aegean was an area of common tongue and of common culture . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Command technique invites you to listen to the depth of the orchestration . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` P. J. '' -- as Ludie called the town -- was crowded with summer people who came to the mountains to escape the heat in the big cities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , the automobile and its friend the truck have cost the central city some of its industrial dominance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then we hung overboard in the water . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Though that does not mean that there may not be such records there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two Governments shall have the right at all reasonable times to examine such books and records and all other documents , correspondence , memoranda and other records involving transactions relating to agreed projects . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , [FILTERED] was an established poet and his work had been published in the respectable periodicals of that center of American culture , Boston . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pattern for circular base piece B is diameter of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he cannot order his elements by will , either rational or inspired . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he could recognize , by touch alone , articles which he had handled immediately before , even though they were altogether unfamiliar to him and could not be identified by him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A good many beef-hungry settlers were accepting the death of [FILTERED] as proof that the warning notes were not idle threats . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sec. 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Julia '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Physique contests are rarely won on muscle size alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the faint beginnings of fear stirred in his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a matter of fact , this latter approach has already been tried , and with pleasing results . (Filtered Words: 0)
They have the same men , no age problem , no injuries and they also have [FILTERED] for the full season , along with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Granted , the cosmological , philosophical , and cultural reverberations initiated by the De Revolutionibus were felt with increasing violence during the 300 years to follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Schramm and Rottger ( 1959 ) did not report any such nonspecific staining of plant tissues with fluorescein isocyanate-labeled antiserum to tobacco mosaic virus . (Filtered Words: 0)
8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A shot caught him and straightened him up in screaming pain ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Leaves were burning somewhere and the smoke smelled , for all its ammoniac acidity , of beginnings . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was her first day in Rome and it was June . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]' outstanding career as a journalist guarantees that the high standards which have made the Times one of the world's great newspapers will be maintained . (Filtered Words: 1)
But to get back to the [FILTERED] household , Mrs. [FILTERED] so obviously loved dogs , that the public sent her more dogs -- [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
Send me where I can play '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , while it remains possible that the Babylonians and/or the Pythagoreans may perhaps have had the magic square of three before the Chinese did , more definite evidence will have to turn up from the Middle East or the Classical World before China can lose her claim to the earliest known magic square by more than a thousand years . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , singing with comically plaintive earnestness , carries most of the burden and is responsible for the high spots in [FILTERED] score . (Filtered Words: 2)
The debate led to a decision that Chicago needed neither a big name nor an experienced academic administrator , but rather , as Trustee Chairman [FILTERED] put it , `` a top scholar in his own right '' -- a bright light to lure other top scholars to Chicago . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sometimes he uses it as a subjective , descriptive term , and sometimes as an objective , diagnostic one . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The [FILTERED] girl was killed by Mr. [FILTERED]'s son . (Filtered Words: 2)
Left alone while her husband was miles away in the city , the modern wife assumed more and more duties normally reserved for the male . (Filtered Words: 0)
Back to w. coast (Filtered Words: 0)
How could he exert authority over them -- make them toe the line , as he had to -- if he knuckled under to this small-town clown ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The get-together Friday night will be a banquet at the country club patio and pool , and an orchestra will play for dancing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Britain's plans to press Russia for a definite cease-fire timetable was announced in London by Foreign Secretary Lord Home . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Command offices were in the border country , up north , where the radar systems centralized their intelligence reports , and the fighters were dispatched to harry the enemy . (Filtered Words: 0)
or who ingested strange objects , like live fish ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There apparently is no school of propaganda or psychological warfare . (Filtered Words: 0)
The forced sale of the General Motors stock owned by or allocable to Christiana , Delaware , and the stockholders of Delaware , and deposited with the trustee , would result in a tax to those parties at the capital gains rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
it just seemed such a dry run . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most obvious of these is the quadratic complex of tangents to Q , each line of which is transformed into the entire pencil of lines tangent to Q at the image of the point of tangency of the given line . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cyclist , a sufficiently commonplace young fellow , is not named but identified simply as `` Life '' -- that and a license number , which Piepsam uses in addressing him . (Filtered Words: 0)
But once I was alone again , driving to the hospital , the heaviness returned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Properties : (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of a shaft of light , the pews appeared to be broad stairs in a long dungeon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Defends [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
But I will also remind them that I have always been inclined to skepticism , to a kind of Laodicean lack of commitment so far as public affairs are concerned ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Her mother , now dead , was my good friend and when she came to tell us about her plans and to show off her ring I had a sobering wish to say something meaningful to her , something her mother would wish said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , like a father and son '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the key fact emerging from Sunday's national election . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two counts of assault on an officer , resisting arrest , disturbance and cursing , police said . (Filtered Words: 0)
What bits of Brumidi and Costaggini could be reached at either end seemed in good order , though the roughish sandy surface was thick with dust . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were about a mile off ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If three dice are tossed , a trial is one toss of one die and the experiment is composed of three trials . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is on them alone that the future of their race depends , for all their relatives ( mothers , husbands , brothers , and unmated sisters ) have perished with the arrival of the cold weather . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it was something to have seen it floating down through the early morning sunshine , linking the blue of the sky with the blue of the asters by the lake . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the boy will need his mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you plan to sell fresh vegetables or whole milk , for example , you should be close to a town or city . (Filtered Words: 0)
g-p men served (Filtered Words: 0)
A prospective industry also may be interested in the long-run advantages of training programs in the area to supply future skilled workers and provide supplementary extension courses for its employees . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was bewildered . (Filtered Words: 0)
They cannot stop to grasp and embrace and sit in the back seat of cars along a dark country lane . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] hardly looked at him . (Filtered Words: 1)
They did not actively negate them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The crude picture of the detergency process thus far developed can be represented as : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
There , forces are more latent than in electricity , and less than in magnetism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Command has achieved the ideal amount of reverberation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was like a recurrent , annoying dream , but now the dream was beginning to take on overtones of a nightmare . (Filtered Words: 0)
A gray fox with a patch on one eye -- confidence man , city slicker , lebensraum specialist -- tries to take over [FILTERED] in this third relaxed allegory from Mr. [FILTERED]'s refreshing Louisiana animal community . (Filtered Words: 2)
that their remote past is as discontinuous with their present selves , as lacking in any conscious likeness to their mature personality , as the self of a butterfly may be imagined discontinuous with that of the caterpillar it once was . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has arranged a campaign for governor . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gave [FILTERED] credit for the initiation of the draft of soldiers ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Northerners indulge in an extremely dangerous luxury . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was bitterly disappointed but determined not to let the rebuff daunt her purpose . (Filtered Words: 1)
Despite this danger , however , we are informed on every hand that ideas , not machines , are our finest tools ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Although lacking absolute verisimilitude , they supply the ear and the imagination with all necessary materials for re-creation of the original . (Filtered Words: 0)
The larvae , kept warm by the queen , are full grown in about ten days . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Detective Pearson , [FILTERED] , thought for a time he might be on to something . (Filtered Words: 1)
The bomb plunged into the ground near the Post , but not precisely into the Command room itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Put this man and woman asunder '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A poet , yet ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In the center of his brilliant curls sat a small black skullcap . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Few crank calls '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Clerks and postmasters shoveled muck out of their offices -- those who still had offices -- and wondered how to move the mail . (Filtered Words: 0)
A lighted lamp stood on the table that dusky , drizzling day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whereas [FILTERED]'s `` center '' position is structurally inconsistent and is therefore indefensible on formal grounds alone , the general position of the `` right '' , as represented , say , by [FILTERED] , involves the rejection or at least qualification of the demand for demythologization and so is invalidated on the material grounds we have just considered . (Filtered Words: 2)
Britain in the nineteenth century is a textbook designed `` to give the sense of continuous growth , to show how economic led to social , and social to political change , how the political events reacted on the economic and social , and how new thoughts and new ideals accompanied or directed the whole complicated process '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As for materials , I use the best available . (Filtered Words: 0)
Glance at the list : [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , Proudhon , Thoreau , London , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , Mayo , [FILTERED] , Tannenbaum , Mumford , [FILTERED] , Huxley , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 8)
In reference to [FILTERED]'s raid she wrote , `` though we are non-resistants and religiously believe it better to reform by moral and not by carnal weapons , we know thee was anemated by the most generous and philanthropic motives '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is chairman of the committee , which includes Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , 2d , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Jr. , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] , Mrs. [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 15)
These consist of visits , without previous announcement , on top officials of manufacturing concerns located in highly industrialized areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a legend ( Hawthorne records it in his `` English Notebooks '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Present at the scene -- in addition to the dead man , who was indeed [FILTERED] -- had been Thor's partner [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] , an advertising agency executive who handled the zing account . (Filtered Words: 3)
Whitehead is here questioning [FILTERED] understanding of the nature of experience ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Oh , for the green of Europe ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Aids in preventing foamy bloat . (Filtered Words: 0)
So whenever the Romans finally withdrew from the island , the Saxon Shore disappeared in the first decade of the fifth century . (Filtered Words: 0)
He receives remuneration for his work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Systems which detect submarines over wide areas are attractive , although they can be only `` burglar alarms '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of Denver , head of the Scottish Rite in Colorado , praised Pike as a historian , author , poet , journalist , lawyer , jurist , soldier and musician , who devoted most of his mature years to the strengthening of the Masonic Order . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was a fellow named Blatz over Smithtown way . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Stock market Tuesday staged a technical recovery , erasing all of Monday's losses in the Associated Press average and making the largest gain in about two weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each mode is believed to have a specific attribute -- one inducing pleasure , another generosity , another love , and so on , to include all of the emotions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Diane loved to dance in the nude , something she was to demonstrate time and again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , it may have certain very important , less obvious values . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] hung on , living , after a fashion , in a Greenwich Village fourth-flight walk-up . (Filtered Words: 1)
and , the medium action , and the (Filtered Words: 0)
It is possible , although highly doubtful , that he killed none at all but merely let his reputation work for him by privately claiming every unsolved murder in the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had some reasons , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
growth studies have been carried on consistently by orthodontists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet even then we did nothing much but talk , and maybe neck a little . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take away [FILTERED] statue . (Filtered Words: 1)
( cf. Chapter 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here briefly in this humble tribute I have sought for some simple and succinct summation that would define the immense service of this patriot to his country . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We ran into a guy at the Pagan Room who guarantees we can beat the wheel . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They are determined '' , Montgomery writes , `` not to be surprised again , and now insist on a state of readiness for war which is not only unnecessary , but also creates nervousness among other nations in the Western Alliance -- not to mention such great suspicions among the nations of the Eastern bloc that any progress towards peaceful coexistence or disarmament is not possible '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His sinuous melody is a sort of naive transcendence of all experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
I just came over to make sure everything was all right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a rule , part-time farmers hire little help . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hand grenades . (Filtered Words: 0)
One fellow who had liver spots held out his hands to the great healer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet the spirit which lives in community is not identical with the community . (Filtered Words: 0)
In contrast to all this , primary data are data of a self involved in environing processes and powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
He held the knife aloft an instant -- an instant enough to press the stud . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can talk . (Filtered Words: 0)
Zion stayed to get my pin , but it'll be a cold day in June when I go back '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh yes , he'd talked about doing so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of these mothers , apparently feeling a desperate urgency , made , on the spur of the moment , commitments , in love and sex , that would have life-long consequences . (Filtered Words: 0)
he must improvise continuously with no apparent effort . (Filtered Words: 0)
The excerpts from case histories presented above confirm this significance , though through different facets of experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since I have already discussed his moral position , that discussion is incorporated by reference into the following pages , which will focus on the empirical and analytic side of Fromm's treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , for publicity ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Solder it and the five locking bar spacers to the frame . (Filtered Words: 0)
Productivity is something of an amorphous concept and the amount of productivity increase in a given time period is not even well known to the industry , much less to the union or to the public . (Filtered Words: 0)
A letter awaited her at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'm interested in every patient I've helped take care of . (Filtered Words: 0)
How and when should the Peace Corps be launched ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A split second later , the distant crack of a rifle had sounded . (Filtered Words: 0)
They understood and teased me a bit about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is this for real ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In all fairness it must be admitted that Adams made no pretense at being an impartial historian . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the first item in the operand is omitted , the symbolic name IOCSIXF will be assigned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't close in your house until everything has been carried in . (Filtered Words: 0)
But neither was the statement empirical , for goodness was not a quality like red or squeaky that could be seen or heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
The head was wrapped in a turban and on top of the turban rode a great hamper across which a piece of poncho had been flung . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their appearance , next spring , coincides in an almost uncanny way with the flowering of their host plants . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oersted returned in 1814 and resumed an active part in university and political discussions . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , when one has asked whatever became of old [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] when one has inquired who it was [FILTERED] married and where it is they now live when questions are asked and answered about families and children , and old professors when the game and its probable outcome has been exhausted that does it . (Filtered Words: 3)
A recent newspaper report said there were five Negroes in the 1960 graduating class of nearly one thousand at Yale ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Handstands (Filtered Words: 0)
If it is decided to make a small shift which may be required from military aid or special assistance funds , in order to carry out the purposes of the Mutual Security Act through this new peaceful program , this will be a hopeful sign to the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the reproductive area it could be readily observed that all felt freer to discuss things than students had previously in `` mixed '' marital status sections . (Filtered Words: 0)
$85 by 1986 , and $90 thereafter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The type of presentation of results used in the deterministic process may be used here , except that now the fourth column is redundant . (Filtered Words: 0)
But everyone I met had sought cover first and asked questions later . (Filtered Words: 0)
The line is a pretty good one . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] found himself leaning against the desk , with stiff hands , panting for breath . (Filtered Words: 1)
Artistic mimesis under Christian influence records the involvement of all persons , however humble , in a divine drama . (Filtered Words: 0)
preservation of the wetlands where birds breed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But is that not like going to a chemistry laboratory and blindly pouring out liquids and powders from an array of bottles and then , after stirring , expecting a new wonder drug inevitably to result ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Although his tender nights were not the ones I dreamed of , nor was it for yachts , sports cars , tall drinks , and swimming pools , nor yet for money or what money buys that I burned , I too was burning and watching myself burn . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following generalizations about the emotional characteristics of elementary-school children may be helpful . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it may be , also , that he is merely more mindful of athletics than of esthetics at the present time . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had to clear his throat . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps they had a car or truck and would drive him into town . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hearst won the Iowa state convention , but ran into a bitter battle in Indiana before losing to Parker , drawing an angry statement from Indiana's [FILTERED] : (Filtered Words: 1)
Enlargement of the City Council and a new method of selecting members will be discussed tomorrow . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is alone in that big old house and won't hear to parting from it . (Filtered Words: 1)
The question , then , is whether sufficient discrimination in the use of even non-violent means of coercion is to be found in the fact that such conduct demoralizes and overcomes the opponent while re-moralizing and re-establishing him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Philadelphia , Jan. 23 (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` Right around the corner '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Miss [FILTERED] had stood up , rustling and rustling , and gone upstairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Furthermore , the middle number of [FILTERED] is not only the physical mean between every opposing pair of the other numbers , by reason of its central position ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , a finding of conspiracy to restrain trade or attempt to monopolize was excluded from the Court's decision . (Filtered Words: 0)
Strong hands act ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Everybody knows I'm just a harmless , deaf old man who takes to drink . (Filtered Words: 0)
many of their gifted members were prominent in the Vatican as physicians , musicians , bankers . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it has achieved a cross-section of students from almost all the states , and two-thirds of its undergraduates come from outside New England . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , this is France , after all '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dead controlled the material prosperity of the living , and the living adhered to strict codes of conduct in order not to weaken that control . (Filtered Words: 0)
To summarize : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hey , Mityukh '' , asks one group , `` what are we shouting about '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was frightened ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The new Warwick plant is being built at our expense and under our direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Old Man silently fed upon these streets . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fired again , and somewhere in the gloom a man screamed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps George Rawlings would be better off dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this was not unusual , because youth in these quarters was always pushed at a distance from its elders . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] raced for him , his boots slamming the soft earth . (Filtered Words: 1)
It follows that victory over Communism is the dominant , proximate goal of American policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then the Amen corner took hold , re-enacting a form of group participation in worship that stemmed from years before the Greek chorus , spreading down through the African forest , overseas to the West Indies , and then here in Alabama . (Filtered Words: 0)
His superiors had also preached this , saying it was the way for eternal honor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sherman knew the uses of cavalry as well as [FILTERED] but he imagined a moving base with infantry wings instead of cavalry wings . (Filtered Words: 1)
Let's do that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was done with great taste , was big and spacious , sumptuous as the dreams of any peasant in its courtly costumes , but sumptuous in a muted , pastel-like style , with rich , quiet harmonies of color between the costumes themselves and between the costumes and the scenery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , here was something of obvious importance to me , yet when I reached for the tickets he snatched them away from my hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one of his best essays Mr. [FILTERED] expresses his enthusiasm for the many country mansions designed by [FILTERED] himself that dot the environs of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
Yet a crowd came out to see some fresh kids from the city try to match the boys from the neighboring farms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Long hard years of `` on the job '' training had brought them to their competence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Supports Katanga (Filtered Words: 0)
In the ninth , [FILTERED] led off with his second double of the night , a blast off the fence 375 feet deep into left . (Filtered Words: 1)
It hadn't amounted to anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't propose to go into their history , but I have one or two surmises . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since Af and P divides Af for Af , we have Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes I noticed the tops of ships' masts and funnels reaching above the pier roofs . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gesticulated wildly . (Filtered Words: 1)
But at least the pessimists who believed that the world organization had plunged to its death in that plane crash in the Congo have been proved wrong . (Filtered Words: 0)
Navy's future involved (Filtered Words: 0)
Entrance into such stellar song writing company encouraged the burgeoning song writer to take a wife , [FILTERED] , a dancer in the Gaieties . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Providence Daily Journal stated that although the guilt of [FILTERED] was evident , the South must guarantee him a fair trial to preserve domestic peace . (Filtered Words: 1)
Glaze with two coats of matt glazes in turquoise with touches of blossom pink on lid . (Filtered Words: 0)
matters such as leavened or unleavened bread are inconsequential . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh hell no , I'm not in a hospital . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was something about her -- and I felt my lips forming a name . (Filtered Words: 0)
The curriculum may be too difficult for some and too easy for others . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and ten of his friends were thrown in jail . (Filtered Words: 1)
The moments of sung melody , in the usual sense , come most often when the character is actually supposed to be singing , as in folk songs and liturgical chants . (Filtered Words: 0)
It'll be an all day affair with screenings of [FILTERED]' new one , `` Lover Come Back '' , and `` Flower Drum Song '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Just what is meant by `` spirit '' and by `` matter '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , there must be clarity : a single distinct impression is more valuable than many fuzzy ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who needs them '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Lewis remembered another newspaperman asking , `` [FILTERED] , have your ideas changed any since you got all these comforts '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Tsunami are so shallow in comparison with their length that in the open ocean they are hardly detectable . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it is surely clear that the first of these is the result of the way in which the individual's command of language interacts with the other two . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such training would increase the tendency of workers to leave the area and find jobs in other localities . (Filtered Words: 0)
My [FILTERED] applied to six colleges before he got in '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
a winning little `` Snow Maiden '' variation by the adorable Galina Kekisheva ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
hospitals ( inadequate ) and nurses ( scanty ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Their tax collection calendar could then be : July 25 , October 26 , January 26 , and April 25 , ( Providence ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The difference is that the masters took the bare frame of a plot and filled it with their own world ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
So did the firm of lawyers who had got her the divorce , Kimball and Stacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the Achaeans entertained Wednesday last at their annual Carnival masquerade ball , Miss [FILTERED] was chosen to rule over the festivities , presented at the Muncipal Auditorium and chosen as her ladies in waiting were Misses [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] of Robinsonville , Miss. and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 6)
To the pope , head of the universal Church , to the duke of [FILTERED] , taking full advantage of his position on the borders of France and of the Empire , or to Othon , who found it quite natural that he should do homage to [FILTERED] for Tipperary and to the count of Savoy for Grandson , [FILTERED]'s outspoken nationalism was completely incomprehensible . (Filtered Words: 3)
He also demanded that [FILTERED] take additional measures to increase international tension : specifically to crush the Cuban revolution , resume nuclear testing , resist more vigorously admission of China to its lawful seat in the United Nations , and postpone non-military programs at home '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
But why need one reply to everything and everybody ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Reflecting the largest percentage of high-end sets such as consoles and combinations since 1953 , dollar value of home entertainment electronics in 1960 was about $1.9 billion , compared to $1.7 billion in 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably no location for a pool is perfect on all counts . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just our luck '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Contrary to the thinking of 30 to 40 years ago , when all malocclusion was blamed on some unfortunate habit , recent studies show that most tooth irregularity has at least its beginning in hereditary predisposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
The attendant recognized me once more and said , `` What did you do about that office '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
$80 by 1981 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And the life that I now live in the flesh , I live in the faith of the Son of God , who loved me and gave himself up for me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , the list is interesting for its omissions . (Filtered Words: 0)
All she did was write me a pleasant little note about how it was beautiful while it lasted but that now life had parted our ways and it was goodbye forever . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not bother with his radio -- there would be time for that later -- but as he scrambled out on the pavement he saw the filling station and the public telephone booth and knew instantly how he had been summoned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Af bond in Af (Filtered Words: 0)
Her permanent titanium shell was recessed behind an even more indestructible barrier in the central shaft of the scout ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are optimal humidity requirements for various agents when airborne . (Filtered Words: 0)
It realized that to admit them was to jeopardize form . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are abstracting from the fact of strikes here , but it should be obvious that the extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is also a function of the show of resistance put up by the industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
In short , it was centered around learning how to develop a more sensitive empathy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asks research funds (Filtered Words: 0)
Words cannot tell of the undivided attention and comfort their service gave to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten-thousand-dollar bequest . (Filtered Words: 0)
We should think of it more as an act of justice than compassion '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only , as we know , did [FILTERED] publicly treat Khrushchev's attack on Albania as `` something that we cannot consider as a serious Marxist-Leninist approach '' to the problem ( i.e. , as something thoroughly dictatorial and `` undemocratic '' ) , but the Albanian leaders went out of their way to be openly abusive to Khrushchev , calling him a liar , a bully , and so on . (Filtered Words: 1)
he despised parsimony , and particularly of words . (Filtered Words: 0)
The I. A. P. A. is a reflection of the problems and hopes of the hemisphere ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He intimated that they weren't doing the country much good in the Cold War . (Filtered Words: 0)
To avoid suspicion of bigotry , let the hand of vengeance be stayed until the meat-wagon has picked up the twenty-five thousandth corpse ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
He had known when he first helped her to meet the right people and work with them that she did not intend to marry him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have now a national character to establish '' , Washington wrote in 1783 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s throwing arm is stronger . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1920 , as the startling news that the 1919 White Sox had conspired to lose the World Series leaked out , fans grew disillusioned and disinterested in baseball . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've been bursting my lungs for you '' , Mr. [FILTERED] complained . (Filtered Words: 1)
Great actors and actresses -- the most notable being [FILTERED] -- were hired to repeat their stage performances before the camera . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the President had dealt with the matter humbly , in what he conceived as the democratic way . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purchase was effected and they made their way towards the hotel again , the hen , with whom some sort of communication had been set up , nestling in the doctor's arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
When an actual index word or a symbolic address is specified , Autocoder will equate IOCSIXG to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
A comprehensive program devoted to the various phases of the development effort attracted 143 interested individuals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remove the child from the scene of his misbehavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , since they have rejected both narrative and emotional continuity , how are they to unify the impressive array of materials at their disposal ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , I can't resolve this myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Union soldiers at times used it for sleeping quarters to escape from the rain or other inclement weather , and some of them left momentoes of their stay by carving their names and small tokens on its walls and beams . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1952 , it will be remembered , the G.O.P. without positive program campaigned on the popular disillusionment with liberal leadership and won overwhelmingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Please , you just go ahead '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We cannot regard foreign policy as something left over after defense policy or trade policy or fiscal policy has been extracted . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gentleman is a police officer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why do the police find Holmes `` unorthodox '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Later they would be hoisted into place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Flushing stadium in works (Filtered Words: 0)
It would take the chill from the shelter in the beginning . (Filtered Words: 0)
most of the information elicited in Jerusalem had been brought to the surface by the numerous War Crimes tribunals and investigating commissions , and by reports , memoirs , and survivors' accounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moral dread is seen as the other face of desire , and here psychoanalysis delivers to the writer a magnificent irony and a moral problem of great complexity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] broke under the devastating fire , wheeled and retreated . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cut it out '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Social control . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first trial an inert substance was disseminated from a boat travelling some ten miles off shore under appropriately selected meteorological conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
taxing of boats . (Filtered Words: 0)
Malraux , to be sure , does not abandon the world of violence , combat and sudden death which has become his hallmark as a creative artist , and which is the only world , apparently , in which his imagination can flame into life . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had vanished ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Later , he became one of the central spirits of the Army Language Program and the language school of Washington's Foreign Service Institute . (Filtered Words: 0)
Technique pure and simple , rendition , is not of major importance , but it is interesting that Parker , following [FILTERED] , was one of the leaders of the so-called saxophone revolution . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Germanic poet had such aids in the kennings , which provided for the difficulties of alliteration ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He would never reach California . (Filtered Words: 0)
The opening scene shows this method at its most individual . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later on , the children told her further about somersaulting . (Filtered Words: 0)
( see Chapter 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cattle would drift day and night in a blizzard till it was over . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he borrowed money from [FILTERED] or with his help , he would now have been able to repay the loan . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I don't think you should go down again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
householders who had been unable to pick up the burden of short-term high-interest mortgages found they could borrow for twenty-five years at 4 per cent , under government aegis . (Filtered Words: 0)
All pricks like Coughlin run it anyway , one way or another . (Filtered Words: 0)
His heart suddenly opened to joy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despising luxuries of any sort for a soldier , he slept on a pile of hay with his cloak as blanket . (Filtered Words: 0)
In exchange for higher price supports , growers pledged reduction in planted acreage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chief Moore said , `` If I don't see you when I return , see you for certain at my road block , Inspector '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The black [FILTERED] seemed to stare rigidly back at him and [FILTERED]'s eyes were caught by the [FILTERED]'s in fascination , and then [FILTERED] was shocked as , all at once , flames shot out from the sharp features of [FILTERED]'s face and there was a terrible metallic scraping sound , as if the large statue were about to burst from some pressure within it . (Filtered Words: 3)
These polar concerns ( imitation vs. formalism ) reflect a philosophical and religious situation which has been developing over a long period of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Below he could see the bright torches lighting the riverbank . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Kirov Ballet is firmly booked into the Shrine Auditorium , Los Angeles , Nov. 21 thru Dec. 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The air , he said , was just right ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The formula is : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll be back '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the period during the melancholy days of autumn when universities and colleges schedule what they call `` Homecoming Day '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have developed an ingenious method of interlocking these so that you can make the major part of your house in your own workshop , panel by panel , according to plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though this may or may not be good biology , it does aptly illustrate the strength and the weakness of American Catholic higher education . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could , he thought , take a long walk -- but where ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Excuse me '' , he said in [FILTERED] , and got up and left them , to bathe and dress . (Filtered Words: 1)
The dogs were tired . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Graham Memorial would be the campus student union honoring the late and much beloved [FILTERED] , who had been president when [FILTERED] entered the university . (Filtered Words: 2)
But it coupled with this a requirement that Indians must bring their pelts to Mobile and thus save all costs of transportation into and out of the Indian country . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
No doubt [FILTERED] would do well now ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Screen drying racks -- 16-mesh screening ( [FILTERED] or [FILTERED] ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] accounted for three of the Tribe's eight hits . (Filtered Words: 1)
But his reelection would strengthen the liberal Democrats and the labor unions who back him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In these damp circumstances , he was an odds-on bet to develop pneumonia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , if the middle number is activated to its greatest potential in terms of this square , through multiplying it by the highest number , 9 ( which is the square of the base number ) , the result is 45 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The primitive-eclogue quality of his drawings , akin to that of graffiti scratched on a cave wall , is equally well known . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of the other foamed plastics , particularly the styrenes , show similar growth potential . (Filtered Words: 0)
The degree of circumstance , the ratio of memory to forgetfulness , determines whether a dream will be a recognized , fulfilled prevision , or the vaguely , effective source of the weird deja vue feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the first administration of Bienville , the peltry trade of the Mobile district was a lucrative source of revenue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes they just parked at the side of the road and used radar on the trucks as they passed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A stream which has all of its watershed within a national forest or other lands under good conservation practices is less likely to be affected by pollution than one passing through unrestricted logging or past an industrial area . (Filtered Words: 0)
One man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds , he would give ninety of them to be back in England . (Filtered Words: 0)
That tumultuous , painful and costly experience shows clearly that a law expressing a moral judgment cannot be enforced when it has little correspondence with the general view of society . (Filtered Words: 0)
The positivist theory would here distort our meaning beyond recognition . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can't see them yet , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had noticed before that the natives seemed to regard really filthy weather as a kind of Pyhrric victory over the tourists . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's wrong at state (Filtered Words: 0)
The maid answered and he decided Nancy must be at work . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had also mastered the [FILTERED] tongue . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sixty-seven living units are being added to the 165-unit Harbor View Apartments in the Cherry Hill section . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think we were very tired , for we awoke at the same moment , deeply rested , surprised to see the late morning sun on the windows , which were wet where the rime had melted . (Filtered Words: 0)
The model quite plainly thought [FILTERED] crazy ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Families go out to the edge of the terraces to sit on carpets around a samovar . (Filtered Words: 0)
The objective of the study was to determine the opinions and practices of small firms selling to defense programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
No auto maker would dream of putting the head on the engine before he fitted the pistons in the block . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her arm bled slightly , and the offended skin cried out in pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it worth-while ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who have never traveled the width and length of this land cannot conceive , on the basis of textbook description alone , the overwhelming space and variety of this country held together under one government . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt the anger mount within me . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is at his usual best in exposing the shams and self-deceptions of political and diplomatic life in the fifties . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They're an expensive English shoe for walking around a lot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Judicial opinion since the Supreme Court decision on [FILTERED] v. [FILTERED] ( 1948 ) has rendered racial restrictive covenants unenforcible . (Filtered Words: 2)
Apparently he never took the trouble to find out . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you are thinking of giving him a berth , be sure to make it a wide one '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And social relations arising out of business ties impose courtesy , if not sympathy , toward resident and visiting [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
For style and assurance , for a supreme and regal bearing there is still no one who can touch her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The long-range objective of this Department is to provide and maintain a system of forest development roads and trails which will adequately service the National Forest System at the levels needed to meet expected needs and optimum production of products and services . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Aw , come on '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accident , murder , suicide -- take your pick '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Give her time to miss you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hand her a chair and she would say , `` Why , it's a nice imitation of those [FILTERED] chairs I inherited from Grandmother Delancy '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` [FILTERED] had never pretended to give advice in such affairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even at that distance , with no sound but the sound of the tractor , I could tell the fierce mark of brutality on the boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Philadelphia with its historic buildings and nearby Valley Forge ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There was one further step in my religious progress . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition Rep. [FILTERED]'s brother [FILTERED] was on the Korean desk of the State Department in World War 2 . (Filtered Words: 2)
Headquarters of the Nassau system is an increasingly busy place these days , threatening to expand beyond its boundaries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dried rumen bacteria . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] watched her fumbling to untie her apron . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is known as conformational entropy . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the fate of the individual is visited on the group , then ( the warm sweet butter dripped from her raised trembling fork and she pushed her head forward belligerently ) , ah , then the true bitterness of existence could be tasted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone blocked the door from inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
When that monk came down and approached him with a respectful salutation , he asked : `` Where art thou from '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Mama said that if Presidents were supposed to be colorful , Mr. [FILTERED] certainly made a good president . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Cost Section distinguishes between ( directly ) variable costs and constant costs in a manner noted in the preceding chapter . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the hills , girls (Filtered Words: 0)
Experts point to the thinning of pitching talent in the American League caused by expansion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radio is easily outdistancing television in its strides to reach the minority listener . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the villages people lined up to give us flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was having lunch not long ago ( apologies to [FILTERED] ) with three distinguished historians ( one specializing in the European Middle Ages , one in American history , and one in the Far East ) , and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with `` deliberate speed , majestic instancy '' ( [FILTERED] words for the Hound Of Heaven's Pursuit ) by judicial fiat . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Poor John '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all St. Louis industries , of course , have a market area confined to the immediate neighborhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
My future plans are to become a language teacher . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Kelsey is very doubtful for the [FILTERED] game '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 2)
Professional responsibility is seen to consist largely in serving the wishes of the client fairly and in an efficient manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
The world exploded when Fascism challenged all concepts of peace and liberty , and the outraged , freedom-loving peoples of the Capitalist and Socialist worlds combined forces to stamp Fascist tyranny into cringing submission . (Filtered Words: 0)
She felt a lift in spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have already hinted at the fashion in which Christianity contributed to education and so to intellectual life . (Filtered Words: 0)
the smoke-filled , art-filled , drama-filled life of the great cities of the East ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Senior Electrical Engineer , (Filtered Words: 0)
He called in the pitcher who had been pitching , and a big , heavy , powerfully built right hander moved out to the mound for Anniston . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found himself trying to remember something , but he couldn't decide even the nature of what it was he worked to recall . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , although we still make use of this distinction , there is much confusion as to the meaning of the basic terms employed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is perhaps difficult to conceive , but imagine that tonight on London bridge the [FILTERED] boys of the East End will gather to sing [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and perhaps some lyrics of their own . (Filtered Words: 4)
Some are so filled with gratitude , for the gift of life and the love of God , that their joy spills out on the paper and brightens the lives of thousands whom they have never known , and will never see . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were unclaimed square miles of seating space around them , but he appreciated the kindliness of her gesture none the less . (Filtered Words: 0)
They simply turned to God filled with gratitude and faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lighted windows glowed jewel-bright through the downpour . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
He protested . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Nick would not let go . (Filtered Words: 0)
This represents a gradual change in an ever-present social problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
The power of every ecclesiastical organization has always rested on the miracle , and the clergy have always proved their divine commission as did Elijah '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Families are very interesting . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was all he said , [FILTERED] reports . (Filtered Words: 1)
But they must have technical and investment assistance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Those '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
However , I confess my hope that I will be innocent again , not with a pristine , accidental innocence , but rather with an innocence achieved by the slow cutting away of the flesh to reach the bone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Treat cattle with 10 grams per 100 pounds body weight with a maximum of 70 grams per animal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sources of data : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You owe it to [FILTERED] to give her a chance to explain that she was defending you , really '' , he observed mildly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Oso reached up , jerked the buck from the bale and snapped his neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following have been found effective . (Filtered Words: 0)
We would lose our export markets and deny ourselves the imports we need . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , let us realize that whatever good this set-up achieved in earlier times , now the corporation per se cannot take economic leadership . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sponsor quotes [FILTERED] of the McLendon-Ebony station group as saying that the Southern Negro is becoming conscious of quality and `` does not wish to be associated with radio which is any way degrading to his race ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Results (Filtered Words: 0)
Sonar can be used to measure the thickness of the heart by placing small crystal transducers at opposite sides of the heart or blood vessel and exciting one with some pulsed ultrasonic energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew the faces of all , hairy or shaven , old or young , fat or thin , suffering or hardened , sad or gay , good or bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
They crept down the muddy slope toward the waiting boats . (Filtered Words: 0)
The BOD of the influent to the pilot plant varied between 110 and 710 mg/l with an average of 350 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cost didn't matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dip in melted butter and roll in flour . (Filtered Words: 0)
The College also publishes each year The Report Of The Treasurer and a monthly newsletter entitled Carleton College Comments . (Filtered Words: 0)
An example of a more definite class bias is noted in proceedings of the Commission on the Financing of Higher Education sponsored by the Association of American Universities and supported by the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
For an instant John was stunned . (Filtered Words: 0)
A naval blockade would be thoroughly in line with the Monroe Doctrine , would be a relatively simple operation to carry out , and would bring an abrupt end to Soviet penetration of our hemisphere '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Command post was underground , and well camouflaged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course it had always been of European origin in fact , but it had maintained a universal outlook under the natural law theory . (Filtered Words: 0)
She made General [FILTERED]'s horse's belly do so funny when it was upside down . (Filtered Words: 1)
The appointment of [FILTERED] as General Manager of VecTrol Engineering , Inc. , of Stamford , Connecticut , a leading manufacturer of thyratron and silicon controlled rectifier electrical controls , has been announced by [FILTERED] , Vice President , Special Products . (Filtered Words: 2)
I believe , therefore , that we are without exception sinners , by nature alienated from God , and that Jesus Christ , the Son of God , came to earth , the representative Head of a new race , to die upon the cross and pay the penalty of the sin of the world , and that he who thus receives Christ as his personal [FILTERED] is `` born again '' spiritually , with new privileges , appetites , and affections , destined to live and grow in His likeness forever . (Filtered Words: 1)
Decisions are made (Filtered Words: 0)
and Dauntless , 3 ( by [FILTERED] ) in 2:32 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sec. 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , sometimes it is used to describe felt human misery , and other times it is postulated to explain unfelt anxiety and discontent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We've got plenty of time to think about that . (Filtered Words: 0)
in reading , on platforms , even in the large auditorium of the Y.M.H.A. , Poetry Center nights , his voice was intimate , thoughtful , and a trifle shy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mission to Viet Nam (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't think his diligence mitigates your negligence , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
he avidly reads the Wall Street Journal , and took delight in driving a $250 model A Ford for 22 years , then selling it for $300 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've tried to compromise by letting them take the little car now and then . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was soon back at work , giving his secret employers their money's worth . (Filtered Words: 1)
Griffith looked at him suspiciously through red-rimmed eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Norma . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was burning away , forgotten . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rameau's Six Concerts En Sextuor , recorded by [FILTERED] [FILTERED] ( BAM LD 046 ) , turn out to be harpsichord pieces arranged for strings apparently by the composer himself . (Filtered Words: 2)
Creations needed (Filtered Words: 0)
For those little men with the short whiskers , shaven polls , and top knots [FILTERED] reserved a special esteem . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ships from the West Coast rotated on six-month tours of duty with the Seventh Fleet , and [FILTERED] was the Seventh Fleet's principal port for maintenance , upkeep and shore liberty . (Filtered Words: 1)
You can't '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
The idea of the march pleased her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Latin America was once an area as `` safe '' for the West as Nebraska was for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here Mr. [FILTERED] met us after a three-hour train trip from the town where he teaches . (Filtered Words: 1)
A precision transit is set up so that it is aligned with respect to true north . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Excuse me '' , he said abruptly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Molten glare singed their eyelids an angry crimson ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In this , philosophy and science share a common goal . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hell with it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm going to turn my generator back on , as I promised to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
General Power would participate in the decision making . (Filtered Words: 0)
There had been classroom guffaws which quickly subsided as Professor [FILTERED] said dryly : `` I see your point , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] still is remembered a bit , but [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] are hardly household words . (Filtered Words: 4)
The pressure may come from muscles , tendons , or bones anywhere from the neck to the hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
The event , staged yearly by Neusteters , will be held in the Opera House Wednesday , Aug. 16 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Home air conditioning has come a long way from the early days of overcooled theaters and the thermal shock they inflicted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Refill the machine to a level of Af inches with water at 100 - 109-degrees-F ( ( 38 - 43*0 C. ) and start the machine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Down the tree he scrambled and knelt at the edge of foliage . (Filtered Words: 0)
One who had been a boy in Auschwitz had to tell how children had been selected by height for the gas chambers . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was aware that when our eyes met we both quickly averted them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The official military establishment can only threaten to use its nuclear arms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One simple method of measuring the expansion of the heart is to tie a thin rubber tube , filled with mercury , around the heart and record the change in resistance as the tube is stretched . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here is a word of advice when you go shopping for your pansy seeds . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sagged and slashed at him wildly . (Filtered Words: 1)
Encouraging self-help (Filtered Words: 0)
Thomas tried hard to have his cavalry ready for the test it was to meet , but his plans were wrecked when it was forced into a campaign without optimum mobility and with its commander stripped from it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Run-down , iron-poor . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' Partisan has failed , Krim says , for being `` snob-clannish , overcerebral , [FILTERED] , aristocratically alienated '' from the U.S. . (Filtered Words: 1)
He looked off to the crest of the Sierras , still white-topped ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
After the sad impatient moment , waiting for comfort which could not come , she slipped out of bed and went to the open window . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case but the last , such a course is sure to avenge itself upon the individual ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He advanced slowly , directly , giving no hint of a feint to either side . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pam realized , to her surprise , that she had been almost dozing . (Filtered Words: 0)
the verse of Beowulf or of The Iliad and The [FILTERED] was not easy to create but was not impossible for poets who had developed their talents perforce in earning a livelihood . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the factor of physical isolation is not a static situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , [FILTERED] was in Detroit , en route to join his wife and children in California . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pa ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The inspector knew as he left that this was wishful thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Government will help in transferring companies and workers into new lines , where modernization doesn't seem feasible . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Seven years ago , Commodore '' , [FILTERED] said impassively . (Filtered Words: 1)
He has a glorious wife and many children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Angrily Martin wished they had delayed the wedding and gone on a trip -- preferably one that lasted months -- instead of deciding not to postpone the date until he could get away . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No divinity will hold still for that . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when a board of inquiry was called to look into the charges of cowardice made against him , the men who had seen [FILTERED] leave the battlefield and the officer who had heard [FILTERED] suggest that the wounded be left to be tortured by the Sioux , refused to say a harsh word against him . (Filtered Words: 2)
against this bent man in the chair he was powerless . (Filtered Words: 0)
Captain [FILTERED] gave orders for the ship to be anchored in the Bay of Bengal until he could obtain the services of a reputable pilot to steer her through the shallow waters . (Filtered Words: 1)
I tell you when it's necessary to hurt in order to win -- you won't do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
the similitude of God , by contrast , is that which makes a man a child of God and not merely a rational creature . (Filtered Words: 0)
Survivability of our strategic forces ( Polaris , mobile and hardened Minuteman , hardened Atlas and Titan , and airborne Skybolt ) means that it will take some time , perhaps weeks , to destroy a strategic force . (Filtered Words: 0)
The attendant recognized me once more and said , `` What did you do about that office '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Would you mind sending him up here ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
under the circumstances I was only too willing to confess all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still another , annoyed by the brevity of a recently received missive , wrote : `` yore letter was short and sweet , jist like a roasted maget '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then it will be a `` fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God '' if you have abused Him in your hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll be down at the creek finishing the dishes , if you want me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There wasn't any such thing any more . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] guessed that they had planned confusion and turmoil , thinking it the ideal climate in which to begin battle and bloodshed . (Filtered Words: 1)
She said without turning her head , `` After that rain beating in atop the dust , there isn't a thing that won't be streaked '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is truly odd and ironic that the most handsome and impressive film yet made from Miguel De Cervantes' `` Don Quixote '' is the brilliant Russian spectacle , done in wide screen and color , which opened yesterday at the Fifty-fifth Street and Sixty-eighth Street Playhouses . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
The episode in which Sancho Panza concludes the joke that is played on him when he is facetiously put in command of an `` island '' is one of the best in the film . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many students of literature know that classical defense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actual practice does not often work out this way . (Filtered Words: 0)
The birth of the myth compensates for the death of the ideal . (Filtered Words: 0)
His condition was reported to be fair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Said they'd have a patrol car here fast . (Filtered Words: 0)
My men , they all left me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boa constrictor : (Filtered Words: 0)
The appeal board , however , unanimously concurred in the Department's recommendation . (Filtered Words: 0)
During summer vacation periods these records are stored in the office of the principal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The international unit ( u. ) , adopted to make possible the comparison of results from different laboratories ( [FILTERED] and Perry , 1955 ) , has been defined as the amount of activity present in 13.5 mg of the International Standard Preparation . (Filtered Words: 1)
You could win a popularity contest at that school without any trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 2% increase in retail sales in October to a 4-month high is encouraging in this connection as well as the most recent consumer survey by the National Industrial Conference Board , which shows a decided pickup in consumer spending plans . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the autumn of 1959 , the British Broadcasting Corporation presented a series of talks by four scientists competent in cosmology . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeing him in that condition , and about to enter the hall where the King , the Queen , the whole royal family and all the members of the highest aristocracy would be present , Grimm and the Abbe Raynal and others tried to stop him . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is obvious that they were self-deluded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] has , in recent weeks , been of the opinion that a special town meeting would be called for the vote , while Mr. [FILTERED] said that a special election might be called instead . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` I expect to be tough as a knott as soon as I get over the Georgia Shitts '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , can't hold the han' of my love ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Home entertainment sales up (Filtered Words: 0)
Hebrews 14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The farm may be an additional burden if the main job is lost . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it was , his vision blurred and for a moment he was unable to move . (Filtered Words: 0)
Requirements (Filtered Words: 0)
Inland , outboard motorists welcome cooler weather and the chance to buzz over Colorado River sandbars and Lake Mead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Judges under the jurisdiction of the Chicago board of election commissioners are instructed to do this . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may be sure he marries her in the end and has a fine old knockdown fight with the brother , and that there are plenty of minor scraps along the way to ensure that you understand what the word Donnybrook means . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Revenue Service said the addition of the attachment does not keep the range from coming under the Federal manufacturers' excise tax on household-type appliances . (Filtered Words: 0)
The chase in itself is a narrative ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hot , freshly-ground cereal (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did you think there were two '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You're going to listen '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of them paid for their curiosity with their lives , for some minutes later the first giant wave roared over the shore . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their first collaboration came close . (Filtered Words: 0)
But contrary to what was implied during the campaign , prestige is surely not important for its own sake . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But here you are in the palace . (Filtered Words: 0)
but his companion crossed the river walking on the water and beckoned to [FILTERED] to follow him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then he spread out the last list on the counter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Continuous low-level lighting may be provided in the shelter by means of a 4-cell hot-shot battery to which is wired a 150-milliampere flashlight-type bulb . (Filtered Words: 0)
In our own practice , to have the last `` intonaco '' plaster coat thick enough to match , and at the same time to avoid fine cracks in drying , we found that it had to be put on in two layers , letting the first set awhile before applying the second . (Filtered Words: 0)
The chines go in the same way except that they are made of two pieces of two-inch wood for strength and easier bending . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] a witness (Filtered Words: 1)
Stick 4 or 5 cloves in each frank , ham fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
In `` My Song's Young Virgin Date '' , for example , Thompson wrote : `` Yea , she that had my song's young virgin date Not now , alas , that noble singular she , I nobler hold , though marred from her once state , Than others in their best integrity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Patchen is repeatedly preoccupied with death . (Filtered Words: 0)
No person shall be referred to a position the filling of which will aid directly or indirectly in filling a job which ( 1 ) is vacant because the former occupant is on strike or is being locked out in the course of a labor dispute , or ( 2 ) the filling of which is an issue in a labor dispute . (Filtered Words: 0)
Statistically , the most significant data have been collected from the sensors on 1958 Alpha ( Explorer 1 ) , 1958 Delta 2 ( Sputnik 3 ) , and 1959 Eta ( Vanguard 3 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
These observations about Hardy's productivity tally with the details of his life as we know them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only a token start was made in attacking the tax reappraisal question and its companion issue of attracting industry to the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mustard cream (Filtered Words: 0)
When his head came down , [FILTERED] grabbed him by the hair and catapulted him head first into the wall . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` For these and other reasons '' , says Dr. [FILTERED] , `` orthodontics can prolong the life of teeth '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her eyes opened as soon as she heard me , though , and once again , I felt an inward shiver . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has come on with a rush in more significant areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was giving the parked cars the once-over . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mostly the scene was crowded with mourners , such as the dramatic Dell'Arca Lamentation in [FILTERED] , where the grief-stricken spectators had usurped [FILTERED]'s last poignant moment . (Filtered Words: 2)
They strained forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four washing test procedures are established , varying in severity from very severe to very mild , and are intended to cover the range of practical washing from commercial procedure to hand washing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The simple pragmatic success of the sociology of small groups needs to be questioned . (Filtered Words: 0)
His signal was for the other dogs to come running , but it was also the signal for Mama and the other maids to watch out . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm going to tell everybody how big a snake I killed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A specimen or garment is washed in a cylindrical reversing wash wheel , dried and subjected to restorative forces where necessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] accounted for three of the Tribe's eight hits . (Filtered Words: 1)
Adam rose from the crouch necessary to enter the hut . (Filtered Words: 0)
The uniform fiscal year requires compliance with common sense administration of local finances : adoption of the budget , or financial plan , in advance of spending . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her mother is the former Miss [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Medical Illustration Service (Filtered Words: 0)
This agreeable state of affairs is explicable , I think , on two counts . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s office '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The elderly chauffeur , immaculate in a dark uniform , stood stiffly at attention holding open the door of the town car . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps under the guidance of this Nazi principle one could , as Eichmann declared , feel personally friendly toward the Jews and still be their murderer . (Filtered Words: 0)
An enemy would obviously choose an agent that is believed to be highly infectious . (Filtered Words: 0)
But if his purpose was to inspire terror , his action could hardly have miscarried more obviously . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had barely assumed his stance there when a fat fellow charged through the doorway . (Filtered Words: 0)
My argument is that there was no Saxon Shore prior to that time even though the forts had been in existence since the time of Carausius . (Filtered Words: 0)
Very austere yet racy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You live in the present '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A tax-free reorganization not complying with the merger or consolidation statutes of the states involved is difficult to fit into an `` operation of law '' mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
In what ways , then , did the patient's psychical blindness manifest itself ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One said , `` When I get a cold I buy a bottle of whiskey for it , and within a few hours it's gone '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and General Motors and Du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any Du Pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by General Motors to Du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies . (Filtered Words: 0)
More profound and more disturbing , however , is the moral isolation of [FILTERED] [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` That's right '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not that such questions are not asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not stealing , Pa . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had risen from humble beginnings by their own diligence and astuteness , they were unfettered by the codes that bound nobles like Othon or even the older generation of clerks like Hotham , and they were working for an end that their opponents had never even visualized . (Filtered Words: 0)
The theme may be the formation of a shape from which other shapes evolve . (Filtered Words: 0)
if [FILTERED] sat long enough , she would be sure to see all the young officers she had met in San Diego and Long Beach . (Filtered Words: 1)
When they express themselves it is incandescent hatred that shines forth , the rage of repudiation , the ecstasy of negation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not so , he answers , it is not the architect but the temple that is immortal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their duties include evaluation of the information collected and preparation of recommendations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where are you , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The truth is , however , that when [FILTERED] first reported to the regiment the only steed he had ever ridden was a swivel chair and the only weapon he had ever wielded was a pencil . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not much to shoot , but there are a few pheasant . (Filtered Words: 0)
From these dosage isopleths it can be seen that an area of over 34,000 square miles was covered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] was convinced that insistence on the demand would make international agreements , or even negotiations , impossible . (Filtered Words: 1)
Let his bones and his memory rest in the fifteenth century where they belong ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This he did by using utterly literal means to carry the forward push of the collage ( and of Cubism in general ) literally into the literal space in front of the picture plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
I want to get my kit in tomorrow morning -- would you mind doing them while I cook the dinner '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A child with an I.Q. of 98 would be expected to earn an achievement test score of 3.5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then there was North America , where American was the native speech of all except the twenty descendants of French-Canadians living on the Hudson Bay Preserve . (Filtered Words: 0)
It urged that the city `` take steps to remedy '' this problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
For nearly a year , they have been receiving counseling , separately and together , in an effort to understand and overcome the antagonisms which had given rise to the possibility of divorce . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything's on the table '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first one , two years ago , changed the routine of their home life . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's a kindness to her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her own sound production equipment was essentially more instrumental than vocal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who enter the front door of the church intelligently and with Christian dedication will not so easily step through the back door because of lost interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sugar and creamer : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] verse had to find endurance in a world of burning cities and burning Jews . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1720 some Chickasaws massacred the French traders among them , and did not make peace for four years . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But remember this -- it isn't the aircraft which is vulnerable to nuclear rockets , it is the airfield . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What will we need outside , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Sec. 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This procedure is repeated for the second rinse , using the temperatures and time shown in Columns F and E of Table 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our companion was a huge , plain-spoken American sculptor who had been a sixteen-year-old rifleman all across France in 1944 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There had been some coconut in it , for I remember my mother's taking a quick glance at a stringy bit of this nut on the cheek of one of them and then putting down her radish with a shiver . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last he found it in the paper of April 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The speaker referred to the whiskey but his friend thought he meant the cold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Evaluation (Filtered Words: 0)
He sat up and watched as they pulled themselves over the stern . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] believed that much . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No , no '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The common spices , flavorings , and condiments make up this group . (Filtered Words: 0)
His work began just six days after the flood . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the luck that had been running their way left him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the life sciences , there has been an enormous increase in our understanding of disease , in the mechanisms of heredity , and in bio- and physiological chemistry . (Filtered Words: 0)
All the flooring and the storage [FILTERED] is half-inch exterior fir plywood . (Filtered Words: 1)
The long-range objective of this Department is to provide and maintain a system of forest development roads and trails which will adequately service the National Forest System at the levels needed to meet expected needs and optimum production of products and services . (Filtered Words: 0)
This further demonstration of O'Banion's ballooning power did not please [FILTERED] and Capone . (Filtered Words: 1)
Come on , now . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the aged horses : Mr. [FILTERED] , p , 2:00.2 , [FILTERED] , p , 2:04.2 , Mighty Signal 2:03 , [FILTERED] , p , 2:01.1 , and [FILTERED] , p , 2:02.3 have been in 2:35 ; ; (Filtered Words: 4)
The pansies I cherished most bloomed for me in February during a particularly cold winter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boats of America's trailer sailors in 1961 will be coddled on clouds as they are hauled to new horizons . (Filtered Words: 0)
Historically , however , the concept is one that has been of marked benefit to the people of the Western civilizational group . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was one of the five volunteers . (Filtered Words: 1)
The `` West Berlin '' crisis is really an East Berlin crisis . (Filtered Words: 0)
What else he said was lost in the rattle of gunfire on all sides . (Filtered Words: 0)
Supt. [FILTERED] had recommended [FILTERED] for the post . (Filtered Words: 2)
They had not heard what had been said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeing them waiting there at the foot of Emigrant Rock was so overwhelming that , for a good minute after they rounded the bend and started down the grade leading toward them , Matilda could not speak at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was obvious that he wished himself different from the sort of person he thought he was . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fish took the bait . (Filtered Words: 0)
How Maxwell recounts his first coming to Camusfearna , his furnishing the empty house with beach-drift , the subtle changes in season over ten years , is a moving experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is possible that [FILTERED] told the woman it was 11:20 , but it could have been earlier , since she did serve dinner on time . (Filtered Words: 1)
The first is a negative warning : there is no point in the creation of faculty committees and advisory boards with high-sounding titles but no real authority . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of these would be in the Northern Hemisphere , where the fallout is concentrating . (Filtered Words: 0)
In [FILTERED]'s day -- and until this year -- the schedule was 154 games . (Filtered Words: 1)
Once more , [FILTERED] reared , and whinnied in fear . (Filtered Words: 1)
The United States was engaged in a military attack on a peaceful , orderly people governed by a regime that had proved itself the most pro-Western and anti-Communist within any of the new nations -- the only place in Africa , moreover , where a productive relationship between whites and blacks had apparently been achieved . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was shorter and fatter than [FILTERED] , who felt good standing next to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had done all the things she had promised herself she would do , but she had not thought of this . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a cagey sonofabitch . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd mounted up immediately and raced with a revolver ready toward the spot from which he'd estimated the shot had come . (Filtered Words: 0)
Faith Constable had accomplished much in a quarter of a century . (Filtered Words: 0)
A news item described the launching of a ship : `` Completing the ceremony , the beautiful movie star smashed a bottle of champagne over her stern as she slid gracefully down the ways into the sea '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( '58 ) , [FILTERED] ( '48 ) , Marchand , Gilroy and [FILTERED] ( '50 ) , [FILTERED] ( '53 ) , and [FILTERED] ( '52 ) have all claimed their normal but relatively nonfunctional existence in the human being . (Filtered Words: 5)
These cut-down plants will bud and blossom in record time and will behave just as they did in early spring . (Filtered Words: 0)
This behavior is more `` veridical '' -- or true -- than other testing behavior for some types of evaluation , and so can give quick and accurate estimates of complex functioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
This will permit you to get a rough estimate of how much the materials for the shell will cost . (Filtered Words: 0)
His advice , his voice saying his poems , the fact that he had not so much as touched her -- on the contrary , he had put his head back and she had stroked his hair -- this was all new . (Filtered Words: 0)
That left three , possibly four , one looking much like the next . (Filtered Words: 0)
As usual , the press photographers were on hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
The objective of the study was to determine the opinions and practices of small firms selling to defense programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so he walked , aimless again . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was Bartoli's shop . (Filtered Words: 0)
To a stranger their delight in these things may seem paradoxical , for Persians chase the golden calf as much as any people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Opinion is less individual or runs more into masses , and often rules with a rod of iron '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The conversation of the characters creates an atmosphere suggesting the usual mixture of pleasures , foibles , irritations , and concerns which would characterize the common life of a normal village in any age . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before the dust has settled or the blood congealed , editorials , speeches , and civil-rights commissions are loud in the land , demanding to know what happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another common method was to cut an onion in two and place each half on the wart for a moment ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We all know what is going to happen . (Filtered Words: 0)
In each case there was an initial act of violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many adults showing at Westminster today are products of this Class . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pattern for circular base piece B is diameter of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s demand for a troika is dormant , not dead ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
And when I make the dive again '' -- He paused ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What difference does your batting average make ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We had champagne and steamed mussels . (Filtered Words: 0)
His leadership was not for audiences . (Filtered Words: 0)
What about that dear , clever Mr. [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
A Member of the United Nations which is in arrears in the payment of its financial contributions to the Organization shall have no vote in the General Assembly if the amount of its arrears equals or exceeds the amount of the contributions due from it for the preceding two full years '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is obvious that they were self-deluded . (Filtered Words: 0)
National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the way they tried to discover all they could about Burma , and they were disturbed to find that [FILTERED] book had not presented an altogether true picture . (Filtered Words: 1)
That is particularly true of sovereignty when it is applied to democratic societies , in which `` popular '' sovereignty is said to exist , and in federal nations , in which the jobs of government are split . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had intended to be there myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the writer had established this democratic procedure in the beginning he had to go along with their decision -- after , of course , pointing out whether he thought their decision was a wise or an unwise one . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had preached a short sermon , trying to talk man-to-man to the audience , to tell them who he was , what he had done in Macon and Birmingham , and what he proposed to do here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once out in the street , the traffic was a gadfly maze in which he wandered stricken . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mailings and publications (Filtered Words: 0)
and so do the hearts of students and of teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd mounted up immediately and raced with a revolver ready toward the spot from which he'd estimated the shot had come . (Filtered Words: 0)
Courses are offered in ethics , the philosophy and history of religion , Christian thought and history , and the Bible . (Filtered Words: 0)
It fixed on Dartmouth College , which was ready-made and just what the proctor ordered . (Filtered Words: 0)
They recommended , also , that `` at a fixed hour , let the entire family be assembled for night prayers , followed by a short reading of the Holy Scriptures '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
they had also had to generalize it -- to the point , finally , where the illusion of depth and relief became abstracted from specific three-dimensional entities and was rendered largely as the illusion of depth and relief as such : as a disembodied attribute and expropriated property detached from everything not itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was true ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both were dressed rather formally . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was so beautiful , so valiant , so pitiable . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their maneuvers last month , they wore World War 2 , camouflage garb and helmets , and carried unloaded M-1 rifles . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I wish I did '' , he responded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Circumstances gave her almost undisputed sway over child-rearing , money-handling and home maintenance . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had accepted the diagnosis without comment . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You can't serve cod and salmon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clocks struck seven-thirty as they approached the hotel entrance ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sighed . (Filtered Words: 1)
The first royalty whom Mama ever waited on in the White House was [FILTERED] of Rumania , who came to a State dinner given in her honor on October 21 , 1926 . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is the purpose of this magazine to serve as an outlet for student creative writing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The meetings in Zurich , the statement said , would deal only with principles that would guide the three factors in their search for a coalition Government . (Filtered Words: 0)
hollyhock blossoms that , turned upside down , make pink-petticoated ladies ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Indigestion plagued him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider him seriously , therefore ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is interesting to note how many of the plants on Massachusetts' Route 128 draw most of their income either from the government in non-competitive cost-plus arrangements , or from the exploitation of patents which grant at least a partial monopoly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Madison once remarked : `` My life has been so much a public one '' , a comment which fits the careers of the other six . (Filtered Words: 0)
She passed the entrance examinations to the University of Illinois , but during the year at [FILTERED] felt more important events transpired at the University of Chicago . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some areas may provide archeological values such as ancient Indian village sites or hunting areas , caves , artifacts , etcetera . (Filtered Words: 0)
The policeman walked on , but he looked back once . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug is added to either a protein or mineral supplement for a period of 7 or 14 days . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , for the green of Europe ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of his fellow officers refused to speak to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Around the table sit Protestant , Catholic , and Jew . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exactly 2 times ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You go . (Filtered Words: 0)
A half-hour passed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A man could make a mark there . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's going on here ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is interesting to note that the present level of military electronics procurement is greater than the industry's total sales to all markets in 1950-1953 , which were good years for our industry with television enjoying its initial period of rapid consumer acceptance . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is plenty of opportunity for proper education today . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the gubernatorial campaign starts , Caldwell is expected to become a campaign coordinator for Byrd . (Filtered Words: 0)
A team feels something . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look for these features which may mean you can save : (Filtered Words: 0)
Between the ages of two and four years , negativism or resistance to adult authority is noticeable ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Other synonyms could of course serve the same function , and for the sake of ease I shall speak of kennings and epithets in the widest and loosest possible sense , and name , for example , Gar-Dene a kenning for the Danes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Animals eat only from one side , so the fence-line bunk must be twice as long as the mechanical bunk . (Filtered Words: 0)
While my memory holds with relentless tenacity , as I cannot too often stress , to my wrongs , when it comes to my shames , it gestures and jokes and toys with chronology like a prestidigitator in the hope of distracting me from them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
The glow of the fire reached through the openings in the windows , giving light enough to examine [FILTERED]'s wound . (Filtered Words: 1)
MacPherson boldly approached the fortified adobe house and demanded entrance . (Filtered Words: 0)
But since he had failed to anticipate it , he lost the five minutes anyhow , in plotting an intercept orbit . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , the French are a very curious people '' , [FILTERED] had laughed . (Filtered Words: 1)
She eyed the chickens with , if she had known it , something of [FILTERED]'s dismal look and thought with a certain fury of the time she had spent on Latin verbs . (Filtered Words: 1)
But his credentials are impeccable . (Filtered Words: 0)
We like to run a nice quiet place '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the time came when a church that had no part in the missionary movement was looked upon as deficient in its essential life . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , modern scholarly opinion in the main has not retreated all the way back to the destructive scepticism of the first half of the nineteenth century . (Filtered Words: 0)
Together these two principles influenced all things , and in varying combinations they were present in everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A year , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
as in a recent design competition with a floor plan and the simple command -- `` design a luxury apartment '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stared at them curiously . (Filtered Words: 1)
Aside from a quaint concern with witches and devils which provides the immediate problem in the opening scene , it is a quite normal community . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose we were cold , but we didn't feel it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The press conference became a stage which betrayed the drift of his private thinking , rather than his convictions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spraying continued along a two-mile course . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the hard way to fight a war but [FILTERED] did it without making any disastrous mistakes . (Filtered Words: 1)
This was someone who'd come down in the world , I thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Love is the crucial dilemma of experience for [FILTERED]'s heroes . (Filtered Words: 1)
About 90 percent of the corn used in the United States is fed to animals . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] went taut : was it possible ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` How on earth do you manage it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
While emphasizing that technical details were not fully worked out , [FILTERED] said his resolution would seek to set aside the privilege resolution which the House voted through 87-31 . (Filtered Words: 1)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was no longer fashionable to be seen with fabulous `` [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The school has received letters from parents asking , `` What happened to [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
What are the historical trends in this country and abroad in the extent to which these goals are effectively realized ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These are the wines the French themselves use for everyday drinking , for even in France virtually no one drinks the Grands Crus on a meal-to-meal basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] lives with his wife , [FILTERED] , and their four children , 6 to 10 years old , in a $25,000 home with a $17,000 mortgage . (Filtered Words: 2)
His condition was reported to be fair . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was interested in psychiatry , because there was much an understanding nurse could do to help the patients . (Filtered Words: 1)
The formal displacement of the geocentric principle far from being Copernicus' primary concern , was introduced only to resolve what seemed to him intolerable in orthodox astronomy , namely , the ' unphysical ' triplication of centric reference-points : one center from which the planet's distances were calculated , another around which planetary velocities were computed , and still a third center ( the earth ) from which the observations originated . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Umm , uhhu '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Set-up and maintenance (Filtered Words: 0)
Can't hold her pure little han' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Good '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Then they returned to their hotel and got ready for bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mono-unsaturated fats have room for two more hydrogens on each molecule , and the poly-unsaturated fat molecule has room for at least four hydrogens . (Filtered Words: 0)
by that time , he seemed to have dropped the tragic playing of the last moments of the comedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
those who feel inferior or insecure engage in these activities more than do well-adjusted children . (Filtered Words: 0)
He trailed Ludie to the baseball game in the lot on Kingston Street near the Dutch Reformed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the women learn to keep house as maids ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The colonial period has generally left people believing that government can , if it wishes , provide all manner of services for them -- and that with independence free men do not have to work to realize the benefits of modern life . (Filtered Words: 0)
I do it , lots o' times -- I like to lie in a hammock at night , by myself , when it's all quiet . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was the opposite of everything she should have been -- a positive pole in a negative home , a living reaction of warmth and kindness to the harsh reality of her father . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She's so beautiful , and I do like to keep her looking nice '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
that they perceive new internal and environmental situations as `` threatening '' until they are tested and proved otherwise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Concerning the sentence , [FILTERED] wrote , `` If it be possible that mercy shall override vengeance and that [FILTERED] sentence shall be commuted to imprisonment , it would be well -- well for the country and for Virginia '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
She concluded by asking him to name another hour should this one be inconvenient . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now '' -- He looked around . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Chickens have short memories '' , the doctor remarked , `` that's why they are better company than most people I know '' , and he went on to break some important news to Alex . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sit down , sit down '' , Eddie said . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wasn't surprised . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a divine justice in one wrong thus undoing another . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wait for me , [FILTERED] , I'll be dressed in half a second '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Each form represented by the dictionary is looked up in the text-form list . (Filtered Words: 0)
The battens covering the joints are of Af stock and are applied after the walls are erected . (Filtered Words: 0)
The apparent black-body disk temperature is the temperature which must be assumed for the black body in order that the intensity of its radiation should equal that of the observed radiation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You stay out of this '' , she spat at me . (Filtered Words: 0)
A dozen cows mooed sadly and regarded us as if we were insane , as perhaps we were at that moment , with the crazy excitement of our first encounter , the yelling and shooting still continuing up at the road , and the thirst of some of the men , which was so great that they waded into the muddy water and scooped up handfuls of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't afford to have anyone mess around with them , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
For both economic and political reasons all segments of the population must be able to share in the growth of a country . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw the dark sweat spots flip in and out of sight under the patrolman's swinging arms and in the leather holster that swaggered and rolled at the side of his stocky body , the sun left a smoky shine on the narrow strip of blue metal that ran between the horned handles of his pistol . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had accordingly cultivated eccentricity to the point of second nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , these blocks were set in resin-saturated glass cloth and nailed . (Filtered Words: 0)
By 1910 the courts were crowded with cases , many of them brought by freebooters who trafficked in disputed inventions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The SCR process , with its precision corner-posts , its precision guide lines , its working level scaffold , and its hand-level brick supply takes eight manhours to get set , but once ready it makes it easy for bricklayers to lay a thousand bricks a day . (Filtered Words: 0)
On September 16 , [FILTERED] will have served as Speaker twice as long as any predecessor and I am proud to join with others in marking this date , and in expressing my esteem for that notable American , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
I haven't seen her on the beach '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The answers to questions such as these certainly depend to some extent upon the educator's own social-class position and also upon his social history , as well as upon his personality and what he conceives his mission to be as an educator . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Never happier in my life . (Filtered Words: 0)
It sprang from a type of mentality I'd encountered often enough but certainly had not expected to find here . (Filtered Words: 0)
I knew that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , whereas in Interstate Commerce Commission parlance `` variable cost '' means a cost deemed to vary in direct proportion to changes in rate of output , in the type of analysis now under review `` variable cost '' has been used more broadly , so as to cover costs which , while a function of some one variable ( such as output of energy , or number of customers ) , are not necessarily a linear function . (Filtered Words: 0)
Giffen replied punctually and enthusiastically : `` Rest assured that your accompanying Letter of Instructions shall be in the Letter and Spirit strictly complied with and most particularly in regard to that part of them relative to the completion of your noble and humane views '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Import quotas aren't ruled out where the national interest is involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Man's great superiority over these evolutionary forbears is in the development of his imagination . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite the warning , there was a unanimous vote to enter a candidate , according to Republicans who attended . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were all shouting at her as if she were the embodiment of the evil she brought . (Filtered Words: 0)
That theme cuts through hypocrisies , complacency and double-talk . (Filtered Words: 0)
for navigation aids to give accurate bearings to ships and aircraft ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You are very tactful , do you know , Stephen '' , she remarked . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ground his teeth together . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hemmed in on the job and unable to assert himself , he uses the sex act so he can be supreme in at least one area . (Filtered Words: 0)
This temperature was taken as environmental temperature to which the anode holder was exposed as far as radiation is concerned . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was flat , definite . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had been fed a hunting breakfast , so called because a kedgeree , the dish identified with fox hunting , was on the bill . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Your aids are your attitude , which comes through your voice , your hands and legs -- voice to encourage , discourage or whatever the need may be ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It's quite a big one '' , he added . (Filtered Words: 0)
One such man once confided to Dr. [FILTERED] , New York psychiatrist , that he preferred to have his wife the sexual aggressor . (Filtered Words: 1)
He must be a million years old . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can you find it all right '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He was then a slightly built young man of pleasing appearance , medium stature , and handsome face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss Upton and [FILTERED] , as a matter of fact , had many tastes in common . (Filtered Words: 1)
The tiny bodies , dropped onto a dry leaf , made a pile as big as a small apple . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's swell '' , I said sweetly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since writing was practiced in the Aegean before the end of the century , we may hope that the details of tradition will now be occasionally useful . (Filtered Words: 0)
For restoration of early American life the places to visit are Williamsburg , Jamestown and Yorktown , Virginia . (Filtered Words: 0)
An exhibition of [FILTERED] paintings will open with a reception Nov. 5 at the Evanston Community center , 828 [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Some of those who question the value of BW have assumed that the only potential would be in the establishment of epidemics . (Filtered Words: 0)
In an anonymous interview with a French newspaper the financier told of spending several months with her . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a moment , she could not catch her breath and then , her breath returning in short , frightened spasms , she lifted herself to her feet laboriously . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had located the runway of a colony of ants and as the ants came out of the ground , the boys picked them up , one at a time , and pinched them dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie's eyebrows went up . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED]'s area remained as placid as a Florida dawn . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` The West should make the central proposal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In contrast to all this , primary data are data of a self involved in environing processes and powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a sort of Gotterdammerung affair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each dot on magnification resumed its original condition as a drawing , a printed page , or a manuscript . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he was sick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Musical activities (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] joined them . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Never happier in my life . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] went down early , too . (Filtered Words: 1)
Most of their original objections about `` shells '' were overridden by the relief that these hideous ( to them ) bodies were mercifully concealed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Robinson asked Herford to escort him to the club's lavatory before they sat down for a highball and a game of cards . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Pantheon's interior , still in its original form , is truly majestic and an architectural triumph . (Filtered Words: 0)
The old shop adage still holds : `` A good mechanic is usually a bad boss '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I suppose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he thought me more perverse than ever . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It is Mars '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the important aspects of this study was to determine the oxygen transfer relationships of the mechanical aerator . (Filtered Words: 0)
The contract violations mostly involve failure to perform rehabilitation work on expansion joints along the El track . (Filtered Words: 0)
She answered him precisely , missing not a beat in her scrutiny of the financial reports . (Filtered Words: 0)
Headquarters of the Nassau system is an increasingly busy place these days , threatening to expand beyond its boundaries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many people think that pansies last only a few weeks , then their period of growth and bloom is over . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'd found it by luck most likely but she hadn't said anything and we didn't know how long ago it'd been or how many other ones she'd found , saying nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] tells me he's using your Atlantis equipment on the dive '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
We went into Mrs. [FILTERED]'s library , which had low bookshelves all along the walls , and above them a Modigliani portrait , a Jackson Pollock twelve feet long , and a gorgeous Miro with a yellow background , that looked like an inscription from a Martian tomb . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` See , Argiento , if you control the way these folds are bunched , like this , or made to flow , you can enrich the body attitudes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Angels in the nursery were zigzagging wildly in all directions , seemingly at random . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he would have enjoyed it just as much if he had been a Nazi . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hung around the schoolhouse , watching through a window from outside while [FILTERED] straightened desks and put the room in order . (Filtered Words: 1)
results vary with types of food , storage conditions , and objectives of treatment -- commonly of the order of 0.2 Mrads but up to about 0.8 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Opportunities missed (Filtered Words: 0)
Suppose Af is defined in the sub-interval Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
In time she presents her aristocratic husband with a coal-black child . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's very simple . (Filtered Words: 0)
The retention of a tradition confronted with such a crisis necessitates the introduction of new spiritual forces into the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tapping defined the rhythm and kept the boys awake . (Filtered Words: 0)
The host is the flowing life of the human race . (Filtered Words: 0)
While this influence is a complex matter , depending upon personality factors in the individual as well as upon his social-class experience , there probably are some general statements about social-class background and educational policy that can be made with a fair degree of truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could tell them his fears of being involved , he could explain what had happened in the old neighborhood and how [FILTERED] had misunderstood and how she had held it over him -- the scene was complete in his mind at the moment , even to his own jerkings and snivelings , and Ferguson's silent patience . (Filtered Words: 1)
She said gently , `` Of course I remember you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twelve cities and towns in Rhode Island presently indicate some plans to establish a uniform and/or coordinated fiscal tax year calendar . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had been to school with her someplace near Baltimore and tried to explain rather than defend her to the gang having lunch at Horne's . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fromm also cites a poll on attitudes toward work restriction conducted by the Opinion Research Corporation in 1945 , in which 49 per cent of manual workers said a man ought to turn out as much as he could in a day's work , while 41 per cent said he should not do his best but should turn out only the average amount . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a time following the abandonment of the local plant , electric current for [FILTERED] was brought in from the south with an emergency tie-in with the Vermont Marble Company system to the north . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But I already have ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude had the cool ruthlessness to do whatever she made up her mind to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had walked past the school on her morning chores and had seen the whole incident , had seen [FILTERED]'s burning humiliation before Miss [FILTERED]'s cold , bespectacled wrath . (Filtered Words: 3)
[FILTERED] of North Plains won grand champion honors of the 4-H sheep showman contest . (Filtered Words: 1)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
We all painted in our spare time , and we had all started as easel painters with scholarships , but he was the only one of us who made any regular money at it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Atomic energy levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] said yesterday he would be willing to go before the city council `` or anyone else locally '' to outline his proposal at the earliest possible time . (Filtered Words: 1)
Article 5 , consultation (Filtered Words: 0)
Her temper sparked like charcoal when it first lights up . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What do you suggest '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s solution doesn't appeal to me . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] took unnumbered secrets with him to the grave , for he was never loquacious , and his word , once given , was not subject to retraction . (Filtered Words: 1)
gave up verse for prose , 1868 - 70 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Advertising copy frequently takes into account matters of special Negro concern . (Filtered Words: 0)
Together he and Argiento built the stand , covering it with blankets . (Filtered Words: 0)
This arrangement was for Copernicus literally monstrous : `` With ( the Ptolemaists ) it is as though an artist were to gather the hands , feet , head and other members for his images from divers models , each part excellently drawn , but not related to a single body ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A chicken with six tits and a tail lak a corkscrew . (Filtered Words: 0)
Land was near , and on June 12 , one hundred and fourteen days after leaving America , they actually saw , twenty miles away , the coast of Orissa . (Filtered Words: 0)
The father , by accident or perhaps to show , as he said , `` we mean business '' , took the and fired a slug between the legs of Second Officer [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
From being a hated tyrant and madman he was now the symbol of all that was noblest and best in the history of Sweden . (Filtered Words: 0)
rather on the medium side . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is difficult to say what can be done about them except that we must learn to recognize when it is they , rather than pretexts for them , that are causing the trouble , and do everything possible to nurture the healthy personalities that will prevent the development of such deficiencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
We put a light mulch over the seedlings ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He came bounding up the stairs and joined the dance . (Filtered Words: 0)
More volunteer handlers needed to judge (Filtered Words: 0)
These addresses are calculated automatically by the processor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The major studios maintain a cadre of film librarians and research specialists who look to this matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The history of the proceeding (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted to turn them , putting the wagon against the storm . (Filtered Words: 0)
They stood there , just the two of them , in the rocking , shattering blast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their previous legalized marriages do not count , for they hold the laws of the state null and void . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the midst of this gloom , at 10:05 P.M. on September 2 , [FILTERED]'s telegram to Stanton , `` General [FILTERED] has taken Atlanta '' , shattered the talk of a negotiated peace and boosted Lincoln into the White House . (Filtered Words: 2)
For pride's sake , I will not say that the coy and leering vade mecum of those verses insinuated itself into my soul . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although he later broke with the churches because he believed that they were insufficiently outspoken against social evils , he remained a devout Christian . (Filtered Words: 0)
His interpretation of the beginning on the basis of the end prompts him to draw these parallels between [FILTERED] and the Virgin Mary . (Filtered Words: 1)
Frostbite was treated by putting the feet and hands in ice water or by rubbing them with snow . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s nineteenth-century view of law and sovereignty still dominates much of today's legal and political thinking . (Filtered Words: 1)
The few scholars who have adopted the `` shore occupied by '' interpretation , Howorth , Shore , and [FILTERED] , have all been Celtic survivalists . (Filtered Words: 1)
Does it employ crude pressure tactics with such means as anonymous telephone calls and letter writing campaigns ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
So much for the tiresome facts , as familiar to you , I'm sure , as to the constables and state troopers who followed in your wake . (Filtered Words: 0)
When that was broken up after the First World War , its name was changed once more . (Filtered Words: 0)
He suddenly realized when he walked into his own pretty darned expensive house that he needed the Martini Anne had waiting for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only possible answer to that is , I am a suffering Franco-Irishman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus it is reasonable to believe that there is a significant difference between the two groups in their performance on this task after a brief `` structuring '' experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the agreements calls for the New Eastwick Corp. to purchase a 1311 acre tract for $12,192,865 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Greasy soils , which are typified by hydrocarbons and fats ( esters of glycerol with long-chain organic acids ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
I drove out of the Harbor , turned off into a dirt road among the scrub pine trees and stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] , a lecturer at St. John's College , Cambridge , and a reader in theoretical astronomy at the University of Cambridge ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Even more of an obstacle is the difficulty of separating the influence of Christianity from other factors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The startled animal let out a terrified squeal and thrashed around in the stall . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , a cash purchase of a corporation's stock followed by liquidation might also be an effective way to transfer a claim for refund if the [FILTERED]-Diamond doctrine is not applied to eliminate the intermediate step . (Filtered Words: 1)
Palfrey told his wife of his intentions for the first time , and left for New Orleans apprehensively invoking a special blessing of Providence that he might be allowed to see his family again . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is one difference between Bird and [FILTERED] which should be pointed out . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , that's me . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Alors , you may go no farther '' , he said imperiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were already swollen to bursting . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was probably one of Kipling's tales of the British Army . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was striking the right note . (Filtered Words: 0)
We devote a chapter to the binomial distribution not only because it is a mathematical model for an enormous variety of real life phenomena , but also because it has important properties that recur in many other probability models . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the corroborees , when they get to dancing and sweating , you'll see them rubbing up against a man who's supposed to have a specially good smell . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , development will not lead to longrun stability . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Would it make any difference to you if I were , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
We hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough generalists who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes . (Filtered Words: 0)
As long ago as 1851 it was pointed out by Niepce ( 1851 ) that there is a connection between the pituitary and the thyroid . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , 37 , a mystery man presumed to be Russian although he carries a Canadian passport . (Filtered Words: 1)
Beauty borrowed from afar (Filtered Words: 0)
The actual impelling force which severed me from evangelical effort was of another sort . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cyclist , by contrast , blond and blue-eyed , is simply unreflective , unproblematic Life , `` blithe and carefree '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A favorite is [FILTERED] , however . (Filtered Words: 1)
( 6 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , the antipathy to outward ceremonies hailed by modern exponents as so uniquely characteristic of the `` direct thinking '' Zennist was a feature of Taoism . (Filtered Words: 0)
And thus far , Mr. [FILTERED] has offered very little relief . (Filtered Words: 1)
I have known some men and women who said that the selves they are told about or even remember seem utter strangers to them now ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] rumbled down the rough metal taxi strip , and one by one the seven members of his flight fell in behind him . (Filtered Words: 1)
He knew all the events which could take place on Shayol . (Filtered Words: 0)
the history of both the League of Nations and the United Nations demonstrates that . (Filtered Words: 0)
The present study relates to the theory of functional systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
They lived mainly in the kitchen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What was missing in the Governor's argument , as in so many similar arguments , was a premise which would enable one to make the ethical leap from what might be militarily desirable to what is right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inject steam , if necessary , to reach the temperature shown in Column D of Table 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hate that . (Filtered Words: 0)
How many times must we get burned before we learn ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the drought-seared North Central states are the most notable exceptions to the uptrend . (Filtered Words: 0)
D . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a nigger . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] argues further , and here he makes his main point , that once The Iliad and The Odyssey are thought formulaic poems composed for an audience accustomed to formulaic poetry , Homeric critics are deprived of an entire domain they previously found arable . (Filtered Words: 1)
g-p men served (Filtered Words: 0)
The motor pool has made exceptional progress in automotive management including establishment of cost billing systems , records keeping , analyses of vehicle use , and effecting economies in vehicle operation . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Nara I stayed at the hotel where the Prince and Princess had stayed on their honeymoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
processing methods ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This was not a program intended to illustrate authentic folk styles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of those vaguely-imagined new , different people . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can't make it in ten minutes '' -- Wondering , as I said it , why I should make it at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such systems are expensive and are oriented geographically . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know you've got a grudge against me , and maybe I can't blame you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Broad and [FILTERED] have lately contended that this fitness is one of the main facts of ethics , and I suspect they are right . (Filtered Words: 1)
Burst from his throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
They all prayed now that the North would realize that peace must come , for Virginia had defended her land victoriously . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of the jobs in the mission might be equal in the eyes of the Lord , but they were certainly not equal in the eyes of the Lord's servants . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recently I traveled the parkway from East Orange to Cape May and I found the most courteous group of men you will find anywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two more shots followed in quick succession , dropping him limp and huddled on the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
the specimen is magnified by the microscope . (Filtered Words: 0)
And you know you will always wonder all of your life whether it was because you wanted him so bad that you didn't get him , and you can feel nearly sorry enough to cry when you think of that other guy , the chump who begged you to marry him , the one with the plastered hair and the car he couldn't afford and the too-shiny shoes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The statistical analyses of achievement in relation to anxiety and teaching methods and the interactions of the two are presented in Tables 3 and 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- What does 1961 offer in political and governmental developments in Mississippi ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When I was in liquor I rode him pretty hard I guess . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cleaning process (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , stated Day , `` He always omits facts which tend to disprove his hypothesis '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She kicked the locker lid shut and replaced the cushion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Aw , shut up '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where will you break ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Bad alignment may result in early loss of teeth through a breakdown of the bony structure that supports their roots . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were shattered . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Lord has shown time and time again His love for us . (Filtered Words: 0)
The voice had music in it . (Filtered Words: 0)
And here is Kennan's image of [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]'s temporary collaborator in the subjugation and oppression of weaker peoples , and his later enemy : (Filtered Words: 2)
Or long fat suitcase , for that matter ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We now generalize these ideas for general binomial experiments . (Filtered Words: 0)
His mouth worked over the profanity , the obscenities in his vocabulary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Six (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll be all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the building of freeways and garages cannot continue forever . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet you feel the orchestra is near at hand , and the individual instruments have the same firm presence associated with listening from a good seat in an acoustically perfect hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
They also want money , prestige , and security . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the observations at 4.3 mm ( Coates , 1959 ) , the diameter of the antenna beam , 6'.7 , was small enough to allow resolution of some of the larger features of the lunar surface , and contour diagrams have been made of the lunar brightness distribution at three lunar phases . (Filtered Words: 0)
Possibly their compulsivity was not strong enough to cause them to build their own structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
If so , it might be worth while to assign a future jazz show to a different department -- one with enough confidence in the musical material to cut down on the number of performers and give them a little room to display their talents . (Filtered Words: 0)
what mattered was that a new concept of Americans was being born . (Filtered Words: 0)
The old gal stared at me with her hard eyes , said , `` She didn't call . (Filtered Words: 0)
though contemptuous , they were still polite . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're in the secular world '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , for they deal with distress . (Filtered Words: 0)
The expression has become quite a cliche . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps they would argue that morality consisted just of that ability to see a choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
With respect to this view , two points are worth making . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only response we can think of is the humble one that at least we aren't playing the marimba with our shoes in the United Nations , but perhaps the heavy domes in the house of delegates can improve on this feeble effort . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third choice , negotiation , presupposes , as Russian behavior demonstrates , a great deal of wishful thinking to make it appear reasonable . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can't hit anymore . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] once stayed a fortnight at the Palace , and he was so pleased with omelet Arbogast that he introduced it at his restaurant in New York J. Pierpont Morgan had come in his private train to San Francisco , to attend an Episcopal convention , and brought the restaurateur with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The shooting development program of the Sporting Arms and Ammunition Manufacturers' Institute has successfully published these facts in all major outdoor magazines , many national weeklies and the trade papers . (Filtered Words: 0)
His technique is ample and his musical ideas are projected beautifully . (Filtered Words: 0)
It so happened that sports writer [FILTERED] got out of the hospital that morning after promising his doctor that he be back in an hour or two to continue his convalescence . (Filtered Words: 1)
348 U.S. , at 412 . (Filtered Words: 0)
new industrial uses for raw , semi-processed and waste , materials ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When I answered it a voice too dignified and British to be real said , `` Is this Mr. [FILTERED] , the actor '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I said I would '' , Pam said . (Filtered Words: 0)
All samples were tested by both the saline and albumin methods . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's no war on now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally he asked , `` Do you object to petting '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A final factor which contributed greatly to the fragmentation of the Congo , immediately after independence , was the provincial structure that had been established by the Belgians for convenience in administration . (Filtered Words: 0)
I couldn't face Thelma after that night . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mortar was equipped with dummy shells and the recoilless rifle was deactivated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recognizing that there could have been no effective negotiated peace with [FILTERED] , he points out the shocking failure to give support to the anti-Nazi underground , which very nearly eliminated [FILTERED] in 1944 . (Filtered Words: 2)
A shine in her eyes suddenly became tears and she turned back to her husband again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early in November the clouds lifted enough to carry out the assigned missions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet you feel the orchestra is near at hand , and the individual instruments have the same firm presence associated with listening from a good seat in an acoustically perfect hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stood there , watching [FILTERED] come in , and she put the piece of toast in her mouth and bit off one corner with a huge chomp of her white teeth . (Filtered Words: 1)
Wherefore , as they became forfeit to death , from that ( moment ) they were handed over to it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was next day that Sojourner came and sat beside him and took his hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , I insist , hard to define the [FILTERED] contribution to our political civilization because it is so massive and so widespread and so complicated , and because it goes so deep . (Filtered Words: 1)
When he came to Baltimore , he was leaving a team which was supposed to win the National League pennant , and he was joining what seemed to be a second division American League club . (Filtered Words: 0)
His objective was , essentially , to repair those aspects of orthodox astronomy responsible for its deficiencies in achieving these ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the common man was developing mythic power , or charisma , on his own . (Filtered Words: 0)
It excuses these actions as being the chain reaction to basic errors made in the previous administration . (Filtered Words: 0)
his fists clutched so tightly that his knuckles hurt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Centrally , however , the administrative problem was more complex and the sheer prestige of office was very likely an unfair advantage . (Filtered Words: 0)
His manhood had been attacked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pictures of her in more glamorous days were on the walls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Copernicus , by placing the sun at the center of the planetary universe , was able to reduce the number of epicycles from eighty-three to seventeen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of cholesterol come [FILTERED]'s main messages so far : (Filtered Words: 1)
`` As long as I'm home , I'll never grow up '' , a nineteen-year-old boy observed sadly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each return required three cards and involved key punching 228 digital columns . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' Kenyon , [FILTERED] , and Hudson operated in an `` Anglo-Protestant New Critical chill '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` By God , it's that damn [FILTERED] , the sneak '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Would applause , for example , be fitting if , apart from the applause , there were nothing good to applaud ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and in that brief interval , a redcoat officer came tearing down the road , whipping his horse fit to kill . (Filtered Words: 0)
He climbed , as quickly as he could urge his body , up the two unbroken flights to the third floor , pulling himself along on a delicate balustrade , all that remained of the building's beauty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remembering his own thirst , Matsuo took out his water bottle . (Filtered Words: 0)
It changes with every generation . (Filtered Words: 0)
That [FILTERED] philosophy of the social contract fathered the American Revolution with its Declaration of Independence , I believe , we generally accept . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then he began to have epileptic fits . (Filtered Words: 0)
What social , ethical and theological insights can the church and university help him bring to bear upon his situation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He had almost forgotten them , although they had played such an important part in his early dreams . (Filtered Words: 0)
Diocesan authorities generally have not regarded this as their direct responsibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lyon around : Columnist [FILTERED] , well and rat-a-tat-tatty again , wheeled thru town between trains yesterday en route to his Phoenix , Ariz. , rancho , portable typewriter in hand . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is an irritable rule that does baseball more harm than good , especially at the minor league level . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though he would later be resurrected , he was at this moment dead indeed , the expression on his face reflecting what he had gone through on the cross . (Filtered Words: 0)
When she said that she didn't have the money , he said that she could come in for treatment with his office model until she was ready to buy one . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] : `` [FILTERED] , have you wept all this while '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
A runt with narrow shoulders and that brush haircut hell , you'd pass for a juvenile delinquent of the hotrod set . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm all set . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was how [FILTERED] expressed pure Zionism . (Filtered Words: 1)
For it is clear that the total number of ordinary intersections of C and Af must be even ( otherwise , starting in the interior of C , Af could not finally return to the interior ) , and the center of rotation at T is the argument of the function , not a value . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is largely a matter of finding passages that suit one's purposes . (Filtered Words: 0)
It need hardly be remarked that [FILTERED] was not generally known for his scrupulosity about keeping his social engagements , which makes his irritation in this letter all the more significant . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was something phony about all this gun waving -- something not quite what it seemed in the detailed directions for finding the police . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll call her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
so also did [FILTERED] , having a man betrothed ( to her ) , and being nevertheless a virgin , by yielding obedience , become the cause of salvation , both to herself and the whole human race '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
To be sure , when this is pointed out , a common response among certain churchmen is to fulminate about `` the little flock '' and `` the great crowd '' and to take solace from Paul's castigation of the `` wisdom of the wise '' in the opening chapter of First Corinthians . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was for love that he had served the Navy . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] understood . (Filtered Words: 1)
then she murmured : `` You're very kind , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1932 Dorset received its own exchange , which made business easier for the [FILTERED] office , but it was not until February 1953 that area service was extended to include [FILTERED] and Dorset . (Filtered Words: 1)
On three Fridays the coach has needed a driver . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the terraces -- eighteen in all -- broad flights of steps descend into the water or onto still more terraces barely above the level of the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
Editors for Volumes 1 , and 2 , were [FILTERED] and the late [FILTERED] , both of Oxford University . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] gave him a brutal thrust that tumbled him over flat on his stomach . (Filtered Words: 1)
For one thing , this is not a subject often discussed or analyzed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He and other Soviet leaders responsible for the document were proud of having brought forward some new formulas , such as the early replacement of the dictatorship of the proletariat by an `` All People's State '' , and also of having laid down the lines for a much greater `` democratization '' of the whole hierarchy of Soviets , starting with the Supreme Soviet itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a matter of fact , this latter approach has already been tried , and with pleasing results . (Filtered Words: 0)
He waited in his squat , gripping the hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED] realized , was her own woman . (Filtered Words: 2)
Boun My -- the name means one who has a boun , a celebration , and is therefore lucky -- was born in Savannakhet , the Border of Paradise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gain of fiber coupled image intensifiers (Filtered Words: 0)
Prime minister moves fast (Filtered Words: 0)
( One good thing about a suit of armor , his leg wouldn't show . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her father , [FILTERED] , was the Upton mentioned by Hawthorne in the famous introduction to the Scarlet Letter as one of those who came into the old custom house to do business with him as the surveyor of the port . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was riding between two warriors , who held him erect when he started to slump . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tightened up in a twinkling . (Filtered Words: 0)
And here all the time you knew the Sioux would be using our rifles on them ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The non-identity of serum and red blood cell arylesterase was also established . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they were starting a new life . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd rather keep bailing -- or sink '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was down , hard to talk to , and far too nonchalant on the field . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stood up . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] entertained at a luncheon at her home , on Monday . (Filtered Words: 1)
One of the President's special assistants , the Harvard dean [FILTERED] , was co-author with [FILTERED] of the latter's classic memoir , On Active Service . (Filtered Words: 2)
The shelter illustrated in figure 12 is based on such a room built in a new home in the Washington , D.C. area in the Spring of 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had my arm behind his back . (Filtered Words: 0)
SBA serves also as a clearing house for information on products and processes particularly adaptable for exploitation by small firms . (Filtered Words: 0)
He reported that the city's contributions for animal care included $67,000 to the Women's S.P.C.A. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And the dogwood in early May , for Miss [FILTERED]'s alfresco party ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Much of the dirt and leaf stain is easily removed when damp , but requires dynamite if allowed to dry . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , since the pencil contains a secant of **zg it actually contains only Af singular lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sections were mounted on cold slides smeared with Haupts' adhesive ( [FILTERED] , 1940 ) in earlier experiments , and in later experiments with a different mixture of the same components reported by Schramm and Rottger ( 1959 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
I do not know Dr. [FILTERED] well . (Filtered Words: 1)
You wouldn't pull my leg , old man ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Across the bridge on the left I saw St. Sophia with its sturdy brown minarets and to the right of them the slenderer spires of the Blue Mosque . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has traversed provinces and kingdoms , but he has not consolidated them behind him , nor does he control them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drove into the paved space before the garage and got out , slamming the car door . (Filtered Words: 0)
and General Motors and Du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any Du Pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by General Motors to Du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The public . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then during washing , the greasy soil rolls back at the edges so that emulsified droplets can disengage themselves from the sorbed oil mass , with the aid of mechanical action , and enter the aqueous phase . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quite naturally , there is a greater availability of those models which are manufactured within a specific country . (Filtered Words: 0)
A perceptive journalist , [FILTERED] , has phrased it in the title of one of his books as the revolt of the moderates . (Filtered Words: 1)
Coach played 3 years (Filtered Words: 0)
And to keep athletes' stomachs from getting jumpy under physical duress , he bans all highly flavored condiments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here are a couple of the latest , highly styled ways to fix skinless franks in your own back yard ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The higher heat transfer rates at the anode compared with those at the cathode can be explained by the physical phenomena occurring in free burning arcs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He held the knife aloft an instant -- an instant enough to press the stud . (Filtered Words: 0)
Care must be taken neither to confuse unity with uniformity nor God with our parochial ideas about him , but with these two qualifications , the statement stands . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] moved through all the preparations and services in a state of bewilderment . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It doesn't hurt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whenever some Washington circles were really ready for talks to eliminate friction they have always succumbed to pressure from the war clique in the Pentagon and in Bonn . (Filtered Words: 0)
She turned and walked stiffly into the parlor to the dainty-legged escritoire , warped and cracked now from fifty years in an atmosphere of sea spray . (Filtered Words: 0)
and even on subjectivist assumptions that does not seem very bright . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know of no other solution than the one N.C. proposes -- to do what we can for each sufferer as he confronts us , hoping that this will spread beyond him to others at some time and some place . (Filtered Words: 0)
They did not actively negate them . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a few school districts one finds a link between school and job . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was slow getting into the box this time . (Filtered Words: 1)
The owners would like each club in the fourteen-team league to play a home-and-home series with teams in its division , plus two games against teams in the other division . (Filtered Words: 0)
field measurements by experienced explorers are not rejected , and even reports of a less scientific nature are duly evaluated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interest has been shown for a number of years by local assessors in the possibility of taxing boats . (Filtered Words: 0)
She confessed she was unhappy , he asked was it her husband ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The set of equations ( 5 ) , ( 6 ) , and the starting equation ( 7 ) is of a recursive type well suited to programming on the digital computer . (Filtered Words: 0)
One way to formalize this is in the job structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
No plunkers for him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Convention time in Boston . (Filtered Words: 0)
I went to your rooms , and [FILTERED] told me you were here . (Filtered Words: 1)
Molly already has her cotillion gown , and it's fitted , says her mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides , her endearments and caresses in the carriage had been new and stirring experiences to the simple youth . (Filtered Words: 0)
the soap nut , which owes its sudsing power to natural saponins ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
organization : (Filtered Words: 0)
Henrietta looked down at her bouquet , still lively with its color and scent , and set her feet on their journey's way again , leaving the village street and crossing the first field , [FILTERED] dancing ahead of her . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rather , such assignments are made , as they must be , on the basis of certain overall rules and standards , representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem , taking into account for each situation some of the variables ( e.g. , power and station separations ) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is the consent of the governed a numerical majority ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The human body -- he pointed out , for example -- required 33 units of blue light . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , if their United States income is not subject to the withholding of tax on wages , their returns are due June 15 , 1962 , if they use a calendar year , or the 15th day of the 6th month after the close of their fiscal year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vesole rushed from gun to gun , attempting to direct fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
These totaled 6,768 pieces of correspondence . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm still a soldier in a very small way , Styka '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
First bride like that I've seen in twenty-five years '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , if your pool is close to the house , your wife can always add it to her housekeeping chores ( you hope ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's got high blood pressure , too , and bum kidneys '' , the doctor said to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clerk's eyes flickered . (Filtered Words: 0)
He glanced back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe it's taking longer to get things squared away than the bankers expected . (Filtered Words: 0)
At another phase in the therapy , when a pathogenic mother-introject began to emerge more and more upon the investigative scene , she muttered in a low but intense voice , to herself , `` I hate that woman inside me '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
You know what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They were both very fluent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lewis could let his eye caress The Prince's divan , covered with a rose-pink and silver Turkish cloth , or admire the lovely tapis , interwoven with gold , that spread across the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
But no art at all was born of the art effort in the early movies . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was able to find meaning in his art as long as it was the answer to air raids and gas ovens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cows givin' no milk were knowed as `` strippers '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
he's a real hunter and shooter , eager to improve his sport . (Filtered Words: 0)
The simplest division , and the one most frequently used ( with subdivisions ) in gas and electric rate cases , is a threefold division of the total operating and capital costs into `` customer costs '' , `` energy '' or `` volumetric costs '' , and `` demand '' or `` capacity '' costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not the authority of God Himself which makes them true . (Filtered Words: 0)
and he asked me in perfect innocence , `` Why don't all the Negroes in the South move North '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The best procedure is to have a few friends hold the planking in place while you mark it off . (Filtered Words: 0)
their talk and their feeling had been as deep and warm , as steeped in light , as the air around them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where yuh goin' '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I squeezed the trigger . (Filtered Words: 0)
True , our problems have lessened a bit as more and more of our neighbors have built their own pools , thereby diluting our spectacular attractions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some cases in evidence of the use of roleplaying for analysis may help explain the procedure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The business education program operates with the cooperation of local high schools and business firms . (Filtered Words: 0)
While high anxiety children achieve significantly less well ( Af ) in the unstructured school than do low anxiety children , they appear to do at least as well as the average in the structured classroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because the food is selected with thought for its nutritional value , care for its origin , and prepared in a manner that retains the most nutrients , the food does taste good . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their own easier , slower tempo is especially dear to Southerners ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` bout takin his place '' He listened , waited , nothing happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
What makes this long and diverse tradition essentially one is that those who have belonged to it have been profoundly in earnest about being modern men in a distinctively modern world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The structure is complete . (Filtered Words: 0)
It also provides for the taxation of all personal property , belonging to inhabitants of the state , both tangible and intangible , and the tangible personal property of non-residents in this state . (Filtered Words: 0)
After returning to the United States and raising the money , he discovered on getting back to Japan that the hours were no longer available . (Filtered Words: 0)
They're not even food . (Filtered Words: 0)
I make no attempt to measure the enduring satisfaction and material well-being of a man who went to work on graduation from high school and was highly successful in the business which he entered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , as [FILTERED]'s Principles Of Internal Medicine , a standard internist's text , puts it , `` The most common form of malnutrition is caloric excess or obesity '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A great deal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Teaching methods , learning materials , and promotion policies may inhibit learning and lead to maladjustments for some children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the figure moved on . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was allowed forty-four pounds in all , including fees to the masters of requests , Mr. [FILTERED] of the Exchequer , the solicitor general , and other officials and their clerks . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not only do these quacks assume impressive titles , but represent themselves as being associated with various scientific or impressive foundations -- foundations which often have little more than a letterhead existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have seen diapers strung across the ruined roof . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cartoons were drawn full size , after sketches had been made to satisfy all the authorities . (Filtered Words: 0)
He and also Mr. [FILTERED] and Mr. [FILTERED] have fallen to the temptation which besets many of us to read into our authors -- [FILTERED] , for example , and [FILTERED] -- protests against modernism , material progress , and science which are genuine protests of our own but may not have been theirs . (Filtered Words: 4)
To reduce vibrionic abortion in breeding sheep , feed 80 milligrams per head daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
And to offend the dead meant to incur their wrath , and thus provoke the unleashing of countrywide disasters . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Are you , Cromwell '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus replied , ' let it be so for the present ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both the photocathode and the image plane of such an electrode configuration are curved concave as seen from the anode aperture . (Filtered Words: 0)
Entirely concerned with efficiency , he was merciless in criticizing people who made mistakes , condemning them to too great an extent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyone fortunate enough to have one of those early phones advertised the fact along with the telephone number in the Manchester Journal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Goddamn . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he heard of his brothers' anger , Palfrey was still hopeful that they could be persuaded to accept his notion of paying wages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brenner shrugged carelessly . (Filtered Words: 0)
All but the most rabid of Confederate flag wavers admit that the Old Southern tradition is defunct in actuality and sigh that its passing was accompanied by the disappearance of many genteel and aristocratic traditions of the reputedly languid ante-bellum way of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't forget , the U.N. did no more than the United States did . (Filtered Words: 0)
List the number of hours the family can be expected to work each month . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was foggy that evening , but the path to my house was so well grooved that I could feel my way , accustomed as I was to the dense mists that rise from the sun-warmed palisades of the river and sometimes last for days . (Filtered Words: 0)
We know that no one who is born of God commits sin . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pressure within the ghetto causes the ghetto walls to expand , and this expansion is always violent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only trouble was that he himself was tied up on the school job . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , the issues (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , the scope of this project has been sharply curtailed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then hang up fast and come walking on down to the Perrin address . (Filtered Words: 0)
His nose was tickled . (Filtered Words: 0)
We made a rendezvous tomorrow evening at nine on some street near Lake Ponchartrain . (Filtered Words: 0)
We perform elaborate international exhortations and ceremonies with virtually no understanding of social cause and effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rexroth uses many of his early poems when he reads to jazz , including many of his Chinese and Japanese translations ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His voice seemed thick and purposeless . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Had it been bestowed while the Secretary General of the United Nations was living , unquestionably he would have been greatly encouraged in pursuing a difficult and , in many ways , thankless task . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vital questions would be quickly answered according to a preprepared agenda . (Filtered Words: 0)
The entrance must have at least one right-angle turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am married '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The court issued a temporary restraining order , directing us to resume referrals . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bartender brought Rourke's drink and [FILTERED] laid a twenty-dollar bill on the bar . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then , in the fifth , Anniston's kid catcher caught onto a curve and smacked the ball into left center field . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was aware he was getting overexcited but he couldn't help himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
Paper electrophoresis was carried out on the concentrated samples in a Spinco model R cell using barbital buffer , pH 8.6 , ionic strength 0.075 , at room temperature on Whatman 3MM filter paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapter 8 , is entitled `` On Magnetism '' and in it are included such remarks as , `` One has always been tempted to compare the magnetic forces with the electrical forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once again life went its serene way -- soirees , fox hunts , balls and dinners . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] , for instance , was not too long on sympathy . (Filtered Words: 1)
That is in the continuance of the `` grandfather clauses '' in their membership requirements . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , locking the room or stateroom door gives privacy of location , but it is equally important to be sure there is time enough for an utterly unhurried fulfillment . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mostly contemporary (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes the bubbling sound of geysers came faintly across the plain to the herd of men ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Tooling through Sydney on his way to race in the New Zealand Grand Prix , Britain's balding Ace Driver Stirling Moss , 31 , all but smothered himself in his own exhaust of self-crimination . (Filtered Words: 0)
from the General's idea a chain reaction occurred . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several related tasks must be carried out if self-sustaining growth is to be achieved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Speaking into the phone again and recognizing the caller , I resumed my everyday voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most skilled industrial workers , nevertheless , still acquire their skills outside of formal training institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
and even putting it that way would not prove that [FILTERED] was anything but wrong . (Filtered Words: 1)
In a new house , generous roof overhangs are a logical and effective solution . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we add to these contacts with friendly members the `` contacts with an organization of the church '' ( 11.2 per cent of the cases ) , then a substantial two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly contact . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are only two men remaining in Congress who , with [FILTERED] , voted for the declaration of war against Germany in 1917 . (Filtered Words: 1)
This view is based upon several basic economic forces which I believe will be operating in the Sixties , as follows : ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
That night the older men got to talking about going possum-hunting on a moonlight night . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , child welfare experience abounds with cases in which the parental request for substitute care is precipitated by a crisis event which is meaningfully linked with a fundamental unresolved problem of family relationships . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a vital part of their spiritual growth and assimilation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mister Big Britches , aren't you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her chin sharpened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why don't [FILTERED] mind his own fucken business ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Sedimentation coefficients were computed as Af values and relative amounts of the various components were calculated from the [FILTERED] patterns . (Filtered Words: 1)
And awfully kind of [FILTERED] '' , she told us later . (Filtered Words: 1)
Economy class fares and charter flights have attracted almost all new passengers to the airlines . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] up local color . (Filtered Words: 1)
Do you want to drive the king of England from all his overseas possessions '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Julia moved past . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , something of the same sort occurs with other sectors of the phonology : consonantal articulations have both a linguistic and an individual component . (Filtered Words: 0)
To search his room at the motel ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I can see it from this window where I write . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was reminded , amusedly , by a poem of [FILTERED] called The Murder of Two Men by a Young Kid Wearing Lemon Colored Gloves , which Patchen himself read on a record against jazz background . (Filtered Words: 1)
Alf sed he heard that you and Hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the earlier `` pre-academic excellence '' stage of Catholic education , the operation could be conducted on an intra-mural community basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
He remembered his mother gossiping with her neighborhood women friends , lowering her voice to a penetrating hoarseness which might be trusted to carry to the head of the stairs , where he crouched listening . (Filtered Words: 0)
We find it in that `` common way of life pleasing to Christ and still in use among the truest societies of Christians '' , that is , the better monasteries which made it easier to convert the Utopians to Christianity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now turn left at the Via dell' Arco Del Monte to the Piazza Dei Pellegrini . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Irish accent is , as one would expect , combined with slight inflections from the French . (Filtered Words: 0)
a little of the `` secco '' came off . (Filtered Words: 0)
The smoke from that chimney rose as sluggishly as smoke from any other , and hung as sadly in the drizzle , creeping back down along the sopping canvas of the roof . (Filtered Words: 0)
By this time it was dark . (Filtered Words: 0)
China never tried to integrate Tibet by extirpating the people's religion and institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a prominent industrialist , you ought to be interested in his nibs' support group . (Filtered Words: 0)
Varlaam is loud , rowdy , uninhibited in his pleasures and impatient with anyone who is not the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
These will serve as lifting pads for the electrical contacts . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he came back to the schoolhouse , his mind was made up . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purpose of the Club is to promote better athletic teams at [FILTERED] and to increase interest in them among the student body . (Filtered Words: 1)
A Republican survey says [FILTERED] won the '60 election on the religious issue . (Filtered Words: 1)
Take-up machines (Filtered Words: 0)
If she could not take the children out of this section , at least she could take other children out of their countries and put them on the farms . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` To give up these notions required a revolution in thought '' , Mr. [FILTERED] said in reminiscing about the abrupt changes in ideas he experienced when he began reading `` Organic Gardening '' And `` Modern Nutrition '' in a search for help with his problems . (Filtered Words: 1)
What is simply an opinion formed in defiance of the laws of human probability , whether or not it is later confirmed , has become by September of the election year `` a firm conviction '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since D' and N' commute with one another and Af , we see that D' and N' commute with T . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] came home . (Filtered Words: 1)
Secondly , the VA physician knows that when the patient leaves the hospital , he is no longer going to have a chance to visit his patient . (Filtered Words: 0)
While he was handling the multi-million-dollar funding operations of the Government he had to resort to borrowing small sums from friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
Juet had made plentiful enemies , several men stepped forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of all the places in Poland , [FILTERED] hated [FILTERED] the most . (Filtered Words: 2)
His hand was large and square and heavily tanned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both of them were my friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
The joint investigations of linguistics and psychiatry have established , in point of fact , that no matter what the subject of conversation is or what words are involved , it is impossible for people to talk at all without telling over and over again what sort of people they are and how they relate to the rest of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alone , [FILTERED] examined the doors . (Filtered Words: 1)
She said incredulously . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had my mother's opinion of him : that he was too sharp or a little too good to be true . (Filtered Words: 0)
You , I could swear to it , remained innocent in this sense until the end . (Filtered Words: 0)
They specialize in out-of-the-way items and old French music naturally occupies a good deal of their attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I never see none . (Filtered Words: 0)
It became so monotonous as to seem a part of the quietness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Separate pails were kept in the kitchen for coffee grounds and egg shells . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had let [FILTERED] go with a chilly good-by , a chillier kiss . (Filtered Words: 1)
The victims were [FILTERED] , 47 , and his wife , [FILTERED] , 46 . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] was charged with four counts of assault and battery . (Filtered Words: 1)
Just as modern transportation has outmoded the early Studebaker covered wagon , the demand of today's sportsmen and women has necessitated changes in their equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spirit and community (Filtered Words: 0)
A smart , shrewd and ambitious young man , well connected , and with a knack for getting in the good graces of important people , he was bound to go far . (Filtered Words: 0)
To do this , it is sufficient to point out that if the principle in terms of which alternatives are to be conceived is such as to exclude more than two , then the question of a `` third '' possibility is a meaningless question . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rockefeller and [FILTERED] had been renovated ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The eyes were clear and black and the slender body was arched slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Geely grunted and slid partly out , and [FILTERED]'s left arm snaked in around his neck to help him , while he set himself solidly on the roadway and swung his right fist to the big , gum-chewing jaw before Geely could straighten up . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1957 , the Real Estate Boards of New York City actively opposed the then pending private housing anti-discrimination law . (Filtered Words: 0)
The quantity and quality of water sources is often a big factor in site selection . (Filtered Words: 0)
In exchange for higher price supports , growers pledged reduction in planted acreage . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had let [FILTERED] go with a chilly good-by , a chillier kiss . (Filtered Words: 1)
Never , `` Quit that , you sor'l devil '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Vegetables are served liberally . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other words , the Soviet Union was determined to create a Poland so strong as to be a powerful bulwark against Germany and so closely tied to Russia that there would never be any question of her serving as a cordon sanitaire against the Soviets or posing as an independent , balancing power in between Russia and Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had brushed my teeth , showered , shaved and dressed by the time a waiter wheeled in breakfast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Located in a bad slum area now undergoing redevelopment , this school and its program are especially tailored to the vocational aims of its students . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Because administration of the forest highway system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Commerce with maintenance provided by the States and counties , this Development Program for the National Forests does not include estimates of the funds needed to maintain the forest highway system nor to construct the additions to it that are needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , the conception of the natural community of all possessions which originated with the Stoics was firmly fixed in a tradition by More's time , although it was not accepted by all the theologian-philosophers of the Middle Ages . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several soft drinks contain extracts from kola nuts , the seed of the kola tree cultivated in the West Indies and South America . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it will be shown later , the field-flattening properties of the interstage and output fiber coupler comprise indeed the main advantage of such a design . (Filtered Words: 0)
They made it , killed every last one of the Krauts , took the village on schedule . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are all suburban plants , relying on the roads to keep them supplied with workers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As an independent American I considered all who were not for us , and you amongst the rest , as against us , yet be assured that [FILTERED] never ceased to be the friend of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The amount of water frontage , the quantity and quality of the water , and the recreation afforded by it are important . (Filtered Words: 0)
therefore , in the investigation of the present hypothesis , it was necessary to control this factor . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted time , too , to review the United States' global commitments and to test both the policies he had inherited and new ones he was formulating . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wait a minute . (Filtered Words: 0)
The when and how of straightening (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stevie yearned for a dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
Latter domain , under the guidance of Chef [FILTERED] , will specialize in steaks , chops , chicken and prime beef as well as [FILTERED]'s favorite dish , stuffed shrimp . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] once stayed a fortnight at the Palace , and he was so pleased with omelet Arbogast that he introduced it at his restaurant in New York J. Pierpont Morgan had come in his private train to San Francisco , to attend an Episcopal convention , and brought the restaurateur with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Court's opinion dogmatically asserts that the husband-wife conspiracy doctrine does not in fact protect this relationship , and that hence the doctrine `` enthrones an unreality into a rule of law '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dammit '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Congressmen returning from recess say the people admire President [FILTERED] so much , they're even willing to heed his call to sacrifice -- and give up his program . (Filtered Words: 1)
Other basement windows should be blocked when an emergency threatens . (Filtered Words: 0)
As we bulletin'd way back , he'll wed pretty [FILTERED] , of the Golf Mag staff , in [FILTERED] today . (Filtered Words: 2)
His singing was strong and musical ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Not without a face-saving respite of at least a few minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could it just be , Theresa wondered , that [FILTERED] had understood only too well , and that George all along was extraordinary only in the degree to which he was dull ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Angelina stepped back , her eyes roaming the tray for omissions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who but [FILTERED] himself ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
At times they would ride frenziedly through the camp , letting the women see their courage , how handsome they were in their regalia . (Filtered Words: 0)
The text of the book leaves a somewhat milder impression than the prepublication excerpt . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the Eisenhower Administration which produced the largest peacetime deficit . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` See , Argiento , if you control the way these folds are bunched , like this , or made to flow , you can enrich the body attitudes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Legislation has already been proposed to authorize the sale of these Government-owned systems in Alaska , and its early enactment is desirable . (Filtered Words: 0)
A federal grand jury called 10 witnesses yesterday in an investigation of the affairs of [FILTERED] , 47 , who collected big fees as a `` labor consultant '' and operator of a janitors' service . (Filtered Words: 1)
If they are used , the walls and roof should be 10 inches thick to give the same protection as the 8-inch solid concrete blocks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ritter is the builder of Oakwood Heights and president of Kahler-Craft Distributors , Inc. , Newburgh , N.Y. . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did just that . (Filtered Words: 1)
one which , should it fail , will not have contaminated the conscience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Opposite the number 1105 stood one word : Unoccupied . (Filtered Words: 0)
An important recent trend is the development of area vocational schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such items recall the California journalist who reported an accident involving a movie star : `` The area in which Miss N -- was injured is spectacularly scenic '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The heavens opened , pelting them with hail the size of walnuts . (Filtered Words: 0)
I cite it as evidence that he did not develop through new styles as he grew older ( as Yeats did ) , but that he simply learned to use better what he already had . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wondered what expression , as he made that gesture , was on his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Los Angeles in 1957 finally bowed to the skyscraper . (Filtered Words: 0)
One diplomat described the tenor of Secretary of State [FILTERED] speeches as `` inconclusive '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In addition , Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] are controllers , Mrs. [FILTERED] is treasurer and Mrs. [FILTERED] is in charge of admittance for the dancing at 9 P.m. . (Filtered Words: 3)
One fame is precious and luminous ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In our disbelief we think that we can no longer even use the word and so are unable to even name the elemental power which is so vividly real in this play . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` God doesn't have any appliance or cosmetics '' , he said heatedly before he caught himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
a Bakhtiari khan in a cap and hacking jacket ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And then : `` There are lots of kids around here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But I don't know the Flannagans '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Had U.S. warships not appeared off the Dominican coast , there is every possibility that the country would now be wracked by civil war . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was interested in psychiatry , because there was much an understanding nurse could do to help the patients . (Filtered Words: 1)
assemble and maintain pertinent and current scientific literature , both domestic and foreign , and issue bibliographical data with respect thereto ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Syllabification . (Filtered Words: 0)
The books of the school hold a memorial to her ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , let's go '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three examples follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Palfrey returned to Massachusetts greatly relieved to have made an arrangement `` so satisfactory to my judgment & my conscience '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Following a guide , and gratefully so , is an excellent way to see all the important places when everything is strange and new . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of his genius , of course , sprang from his familiarity with clock movements . (Filtered Words: 0)
A rough ostinato figure , heard first in the introduction to the inn scene , characterizes him amusingly and reappears whenever he comes into the action : (Filtered Words: 0)
On the following pages , each of the major commercial foamed plastics is described in detail , as to properties , applications , and methods of processing . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the past year , these ligands have yielded some unusual five-coordinate complexes of nickel ( 2 ) and some interesting binuclear phosphorus-bridged complexes of palladium ( 2 ) ( see figure ) , as well as new compounds of the well-known type Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , I mean how'd you get her to do it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The expedient thing -- yes , very true , one must make do as one could , in some situations . (Filtered Words: 0)
An acoustical interferometer has been constructed and used , with helium gas as the thermometric fluid , to measure temperatures near 4.2 and 2.1 Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
We would lose our export markets and deny ourselves the imports we need . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It depends on the widow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was when the gun went off . (Filtered Words: 0)
A number of other nineteenth-century developments contributed to the transmutation of the law of nations into international law ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Sources of data : (Filtered Words: 0)
He then sold her minerals to cure her kidney ailment , a can of sage `` to make her look like a girl again '' , and an application of plain mud to take her wrinkles away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lighting . (Filtered Words: 0)
He identified the man as [FILTERED] , 59 , a farmer of Hartselle , Ala. . (Filtered Words: 1)
The sun was not yet high and all of them were in the small area of shade cast by the boulder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another Indiana observer later commented , `` Perhaps we shall never know how much was spent ( by Hearst ) , but if as much money was expended elsewhere as in Indiana a liberal fortune was squandered '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Caring for a calf , a pig , or some chickens develops in children a sense of responsibility for work . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' And her own personal songs like `` The Man That Got Away '' , and the inevitable `` Over The Rainbow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] wanted peace and quiet for his complicated meditations this is where he should have had it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Like many others , he had to work hard , long hours in a struggling family business which , though it was allied to art of a kind -- the design and production of engraved seals -- bore no relation to the painting of pictures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moderate radiation doses of from 100,000 to 200,000 rads can extend the shelf life ( at 35 F ) of fresh beef from 5 days to 5 or 6 weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
The safe at Ingleside District Station stands next to the gum machine in a narrow passageway that leads to Captain [FILTERED]'s office ( to the left ) , the lieutenant's office ( farther along and to the left ) and the janitor's supply closet ( straight ahead ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Considering the governor's act a personal rebuff , he aired his feelings in The [FILTERED] on August 26 , 1834 : : (Filtered Words: 1)
Small wonder , then , that we fear . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Some distribution costs are kept up by competitive pressure , some by the fact that the customers have come to expect certain niceties and flourishes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Palfrey agreed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , for this week , but they wasn't due 'till Saturday . (Filtered Words: 0)
He suggested that they call on these brothers , who received them pleasantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
( I sometimes feel that God , in His infinite wisdom , wants us to have these inexplicable little lapses of memory . (Filtered Words: 0)
that nowadays all honeymooners are thoroughly familiar with the best sex-manuals and know enough from talk with friends and personal experimentation to take all the anxiety and hazards out of the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , I guess I know enough to turn you inside out , you sockdologizing old mantrap '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
After being a lawyer for twenty-five years he started studying for the ministry . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Deegan '' , the manager said , his voice pitched low , quivering . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adams depended largely on the dispatches of foreign ambassadors and observers in England , claiming that the reports of such agents had to be accurate because there were no newspapers . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other words , the Secretary General is to be a nonpartisan , international servant , not a political , national one . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'll rush to the bedroom when the doorbell rings . (Filtered Words: 0)
The world might ring with the struggle , if we devoted ourselves exclusively to belaboring each other '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
the Joseph Pennell Memorial Medal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What possessed you to tell me a clotheshorse would be a good idea '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet Dartmouth still is the dominant member of the Intercollegiate Ski Union , which includes the winter sports colleges of Canada as well as those of this country . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those familiar with his work will remember that he placed the incipience of the democratic faith at around 1850 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place a suitably-loaded barbell across them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
she cherished rare and delicate plants like oleanders in tubs and wall-flowers and lemon verbenas in pots that had to be wintered in the cellar ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In types 1 , 2 and 3 the bronchial artery terminates in a capillary bed shared in common with the pulmonary artery at the level of the distal bronchiole . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somebody brought a light . (Filtered Words: 0)
This group is secularist and their program tends to be technological . (Filtered Words: 0)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have to get up early for church tomorrow '' , she went on . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nonreactors had been separated into two groups on this assumption with the presumably `` secure '' nonreactors and `` secure '' reactors being used as the groups for comparative personality studies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tokyo (Filtered Words: 0)
Elegance and color (Filtered Words: 0)
Another person inside with a weight against each batten will help in the fastening . (Filtered Words: 0)
What to do about it now that he was President ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Cromwell , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had had the need to understand what life lurked behind the mask of flesh , behind the oath , the banter , the sadness . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are suggestive of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Kelsey is very doubtful for the [FILTERED] game '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 2)
Don't worry about the Acropolis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The children are eating , and [FILTERED] on her way somewheres '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
So was the audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
It made him human . (Filtered Words: 0)
If any of us miss , they can pick up the pieces . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was much shouting and screaming . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again there was something familiar about her , something -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's get dressed up -- the doctor's taking us out tonight '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are several causes for this , one being rapid economic development with increasing numbers of of middle-class positions requiring engineering or scientific training . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gladden had been the target of threatening telephone calls in recent months and reportedly received one last night . (Filtered Words: 0)
This conformity represents a desperate attempt to stabilize a hopelessly unstable environment . (Filtered Words: 0)
justice delayed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But she was . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even use your portable electric or gas grill in the winter , inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Increases rate of gain and improves feed efficiency , aids in the prevention or treatment ( depending on level fed ) of the early stages of shipping fever , prevents or treats bacterial diarrhea , and aids in reducing incidence of bloat and liver abscesses . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ekstrohm '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything must balance to the last penny . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thayer shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
A 50-inch width is used on each side and it laps the keel line by about three inches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rating scale of compulsivity (Filtered Words: 0)
In order to write with authority either about musicians , or as a musician , Patchen would have to soft pedal his characteristically outspoken anger , and change ( at least for the purposes of this poetry ) from a revolutionary to a victim . (Filtered Words: 0)
I dressed in the kitchen , then left a note on the table telling him what had happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Old Ones neither helped nor hindered this plan ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I've nothing for you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We started at 9 a.m. to visit the Kyoto University where Mr. [FILTERED] is attending . (Filtered Words: 1)
These qualities alone , however , would not account for their success , and it took me a while to discover the crowning virtue that completes this company's collective personality . (Filtered Words: 0)
that on the immediate horizon , if further large-scale ( relatively speaking ) desegregation comes , it will result from court orders on suits filed in several Middle-South states . (Filtered Words: 0)
They went up against an SS unit of comparable size , over a little rise of ground , over an open field . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the platform is not too high off the ground , a transit can be mounted on a stand to raise it up to the platform . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the `` typical tone language '' , tonal morphophonemics is of the same order of complexity as consonantal morphophonemics . (Filtered Words: 0)
He believed that brave boys didn't cry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Esther looked at me . (Filtered Words: 0)
It says that `` in the event Congress does provide this increase in federal funds '' , the State Board of Education should be directed to `` give priority '' to teacher pay raises . (Filtered Words: 0)
